Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4741 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 2018 No. 92 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
UCSHON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 5, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable L
ARRY  B
UCSHON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
WE MUST TAKE ACTION TO PRE-SERVE AMERICA’S CORAL REEFS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to reintroduce the Coral Reef Conservation Reauthorization Act. This bipartisan, comprehensive bill builds on legislation that I have spon-sored in the House since 2009 to reau-thorize the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000. I want to thank each of my 13 origi-nal cosponsors for their support: Rep-resentatives SOTO, W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , H ASTINGS , C RIST, C ASTOR , H
ANABUSA , G ABBARD , R ADEWAGEN , G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N, R UTHERFORD , S
ABLAN , PLASKETT , ANDMAST. Our bill for this 115th Congress makes amendments to update and strengthen the 2000 law and reflects coral reef conservation work govern-mentwide. Coral reefs are God-given natural in-frastructure that provide real, tangible benefits to our coastal and island com-munities, as well as the Nation at large. Healthy, resilient coral reefs safe-guard against extreme weather, shore-line erosion, and coastal flooding and serve as natural breakwaters for mari-time ports and harbors of refuge. With-out the reefs to absorb the blunt force of wave action, many island and coast-al communities would simply wash away. Coral reefs also support countless American tourism jobs and valuable fisheries across the United States. Ac-cording to the National Oceanic At-mospheric Administration, NOAA, coral reefs support upwards of 12 per-cent of global fisheries and an esti-mated 25 percent of all known fish spe-cies. In addition, coral reefs are the world’s greatest source of biodiversity, covering less than 1 percent of the ocean floor but home to some 25 per-cent of all known marine species. U.S. territorial waters in the Pacific sup-port the majority of our Nation’s shal-low water corals. Guam, my home, sits adjacent to the western Pacific Ocean’s Coral Triangle, one of the most biologically diverse and important marine ecosystems on the planet, and yet the planet’s coral reefs are in crisis. 2017 marked a pro-longed, unprecedented global coral bleaching event. Guam and the western Pacific, long home to some of the most well-preserved reefs in the world, were impacted severely. Ocean acidification, warming sea temperatures, coastal pollution, invasive species, and other stressors linked to human activity and global climate change threaten to wipe out these incredibly productive eco-systems. These threats have neces-sitated special protections and listing under the Endangered Species Act for 25 coral species, to date. The Coral Reef Conservation Reau-thorization Act addresses these chal-lenges head-on, with concrete Federal actions and policy changes that will make a difference by: First, strengthening the Federal re-sponse to coral reef emergencies, in-cluding vessel groundings, natural dis-asters, harmful algae blooms, and unexploded ordnance underwater; Second, minimizing damage to coral reefs from invasive or nuisance species, vessel impacts, marine debris, and der-elict fishing gear; Third, directing new Federal grant making for local coral reef conserva-tion projects; Fourth, recognizing the importance of coral reef fisheries and the expertise of local fishery and wildlife manage-ment agencies; Fifth, developing the first-ever na-tional guidelines for environmentally responsible artificial reefs; and Last, engaging our Nation’s marine laboratories, aquariums, Sea Grant col-leges, and coral reef institutions in fed-erally funded research on coral bio-diversity, propagation, and resiliency. In particular, our bipartisan bill pro-vides congressional authorization for the U.S. Coral Reef Task Force, codi-fying Executive Order 13089. Since 1998, Mr. Speaker, the Coral Reef Task Force has coordinated Fed-eral and local actions to protect coral reefs nationwide. Our bill preserves full voting membership on the task force for the Governors of all five U.S. terri-tories and the States of Florida and Hawaii. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.000 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4742 June 5, 2018 
The Coral Reef Conservation Reau-thorization Act also authorizes the U.S. Department of the Interior to take action to conserve our coral reefs. Many of our most spectacular coral re-sources lie within national parks, na-tional wildlife refuges, and marine na-tional monuments. Congress needs to take action to pro-tect our Nation’s irreplaceable coral reef resources, and that starts with re-authorizing the Coral Reef Conserva-tion Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Mem-bers of our House to join us in cospon-soring the Coral Reef Conservation Re-authorization Act of 2018, and I look forward to working with our House and Senate colleagues to advance this im-portant legislation. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BISHOP T.F. TENNEY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of the Rev-erend T.F. Tenney, who died last week after dedicating more than 65 years of his life to the ministry through the United Pentecostal Church. Bishop Tenney began preaching at the young age of 16. He and his wife, Thetus, were elected to the pastorate when they were just 19 and 18 years old, respectively, to lead a newly formed church in Monroe, Louisiana. It was in Monroe where Bishop Tenney cultivated his leadership skills that would serve him throughout his career as he would go on to lead min-istries directed toward youth, foreign missions, and the greater Pentecostal church as a whole throughout Lou-isiana. Bishop Tenney will be remembered as a man who took new ideas and turned them into action. That enthusiasm made him a perfect fit for youth min-istry, and he served for 6 years as the youth president of the Louisiana Dis-trict United Pentecostal Church and 9 years as the international youth presi-dent. In 1970, Bishop Tenney relocated to the UPC headquarters in Missouri to serve as the UPC’s foreign missions di-rector, a position that allowed him to share his belief in Christ with the rest of the world. Bishop Tenney returned home to Louisiana to pastor a church in DeRidder. Later, he was elected as the Louisiana district director of the United Pentecostal Church, where he oversaw about 300 churches and 800 other ministers. He served in that post for 27 years before retiring to become bishop emeritus of the Louisiana dis-trict. I am proud that Bishop Tenney called Louisiana and the Fifth Congressional District his home, though we know now that he is in his true home with the Fa-ther. He was a true man of God, who touched the lives of countless people both at home and around the globe. He published a dozen books, created thou-sands of YouTube videos, and had a Twitter following of more than 44,000 people, all signs of the incredible leg-acy of the Christian devotion that he left behind. Bishop Tenney will be greatly missed, and Dianne and I will keep him and his family in our prayers. f 
HIGHLIGHTING NEW JOBS AND HIGHER WAGES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this month, the Federal Reserve estimated GDP will hit 4.8 percent in the second quar-ter of 2018. Under the former adminis-tration, GDP never hit even 3 percent. Thanks to tax reform and regulatory relief passed by this unified Republican government, Americans are experi-encing economic expansion after 8 years of stagnation. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics: One million jobs have been created since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was enacted—223,000 were added last month; In May, average hourly earnings in-creased by 2.7 percent; and Unemployment is at its lowest since 2000. The Conference Board also reports consumer confidence is at a 17-year high. Democrats apparently haven’t learned the key to economic progress, promising to raise taxes if given the chance. However, tax cuts and repeal of onerous Obama-era regulations have been pivotal for our economy. Now, nearly every measure of success is in our favor. 
THE PROSPER ACT IS GOOD FOR OUR COUNTRY  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk a little bit today about the PROS-PER Act and share some articles that have been published that help explain why the PROSPER Act is so good for our country, so good for students, and needs to be passed. The first article is an article in Forbes by Preston Cooper, May 23, 2018. Mr. Speaker, I include the entire ar-ticle in the R
ECORD . 
[From Forbes, May 23, 2018] W
HATBETSY DEVOSSHOULD HAVESAID A
BOUT THE PROSPER A CT (By Preston Cooper) Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos testi-fied before the House Committee on Edu-cation and Workforce on Tuesday. Rep-resentative Bobby Scott, the Democratic ranking member on the committee, asked DeVos about his concerns with the PROS-PER Act, House Republicans’ bill to reform the federal role in higher education. DeVos’ answer could have been better. Here’s how the exchange between the two proceeded: Rep. Scott: Madam Secretary, the PROS-PER Act provides for a $15 billion cut in stu-dent aid, is that right? Secretary DeVos: I’ve heard that opined. I’m not sure I agree with that, but . . . Scott: Do you have another number? DeVos: Pardon me? Scott: Do you have another number? DeVos: It’s an approach to giving students much more flexibility in pursuing their high-er education. Scott: $15 billion cut. Do you have another number? DeVos: I have heard that opined, that that is the case. I said I don’t necessarily share that perspective. Here’s a better answer that DeVos could have given to Scott’s question. (The below exchange, in case it’s not clear, is entirely fictional.) Rep. Scott: Madam Secretary, the PROS-PER Act provides for a $15 billion cut in stu-dent aid, is that right? Secretary DeVos: That’s not quite accu-rate, Congressman, but it’s a common mis-conception. The Congressional Budget Office score of the PROSPER Act did estimate a $15 billion reduction in student aid over the next ten years, but only on the mandatory side of the budget. Democrats and many in the media latched onto this number, which ap-peared on page two of the score, and ignored what the other thirty-five pages said. But as I have read the entire CBO score, I can tell you that the PROSPER Act does not cut fed-eral spending on higher education. The PROSPER Act expands the federal government’s flagship student aid program for low-income students, the Pell Grant. To encourage timely completion, the bill pro-vides a $300 bonus to Pell Grant students who take on more than a full-time course load. Most importantly, the bill makes several regulatory changes aimed at expanding both student and institutional eligibility for the program. As a result, under the PROSPER Act, an additional 1.1 million students annu-ally would receive Pell Grants by 2027. All of these changes cost money, of course. But the Pell Grant is unique among federal programs in that it is funded partially on the mandatory side of the budget, and partially through the annual appropriations process. The $15 billion reduction in student aid that you cited, Congressman, only reflects changes on the mandatory side. If you in-clude the estimated increase in appropria-tions due to Pell Grant expansion in your calculations, you’ll find that the PROSPER Act will increase, federal spending on higher education by $12 billion over the next ten years. While the PROSPER Act increases higher education spending overall, it’s true that the bill finds savings in certain areas. In a time when the national debt surpasses $21 trillion, it’s important to live within our means. Changes to student loan repayment options are the largest single source of savings in the PROSPER Act. These changes mostly focus on limiting loan forgiveness, which in prac-tice delivers its benefits mostly to graduate borrowers with very large loans. The bill makes these changes while retaining in-come-driven repayment options for bor-rowers to ensure monthly payments remain affordable. The PROSPER Act therefore redistributes federal funds from graduate students and those with high student loan balances, who tend to be higher-income, to the low- and middle-income undergraduate students who receive Pell Grants. These priorities are also reflected in the administration’s budget pro-posal, which would make the student loan program more generous for undergraduates and pay for it by asking higher-earning grad-uate borrowers to pay a little more. In conclusion, the PROSPER Act does not cut federal higher education funding by $15 billion. It increases funding by $12 billion by making new investments in the Pell Grant program for our nation’s most vulnerable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.002 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4743 June 5, 2018 
students. Recognizing budget constraints, the bill partially offsets the cost by reining in poorly-targeted and expensive loan for-giveness programs. While I welcome debate over specific provisions of the PROSPER Act, I hope those are priorities that Demo-crats on the committee can get behind. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, Mr. C OOPER  explains that there is a common mis-conception about PROSPER that is being exploited, unfortunately, by many colleges and universities and our Democratic friends. He says: ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office score of the PROSPER Act did estimate a $15 billion reduction in stu-dent aid over the next 10 years, but only on the mandatory side of the budget. Democrats and many in the media latched onto this number, which appeared on page 2 of the score, and ig-nored what the other 35 pages said. But as I have read the entire CBO score, I can tell you that the PROSPER Act does not cut Federal spending on high-er education.’’ ‘‘The PROSPER Act expands the Federal Government’s flagship student aid program for low-income students, the Pell grant. To encourage timely completion, the bill provides a $300 bonus to Pell grant students who take on more than a full-time course load. Most importantly, the bill makes sev-eral regulatory changes aimed at ex-panding both student and institutional eligibility for the program. As a result, under the PROSPER Act, an additional 1.1 million students annually would re-ceive Pell grants by 2027.’’ ‘‘. . . you’ll find that the PROSPER Act will increase Federal spending on higher education by $12 billion over the next 10 years.’’ ‘‘Changes to student loan repayment options are the largest single source of savings in the PROSPER Act. These changes mostly focus on limiting loan forgiveness, which in practice delivers its benefits mostly to graduate bor-rowers with very large loans. The bill makes these changes while retaining income-driven repayment options for borrowers to ensure monthly payments remain affordable.’’ b1215 ‘‘In conclusion, the PROSPER Act does not cut Federal higher education funding by $15 billion. It increases funding by $12 billion by making new investments in the Pell Grant program for our Nation’s most vulnerable stu-dents. Recognizing budget constraints, the bill partially offsets the costs by reining in poorly-targeted and expen-sive loan forgiveness programs.’’ I welcome the debate over specific provisions in the PROSPER Act, and I hope that those priorities are ones that the colleges and universities will get behind, and that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will get behind. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF RUTH HENRICHS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Ruth Henrichs, a dedicated public servant from my own district in Omaha, Nebraska. Ms. Henrich’s dedication to serving all peo-ple and treating them with justice and kindness is a model for all. It was early in her career as the CEO at Lutheran Family Services when Ruth was profoundly moved by their mission statement, which is ‘‘To Ex-press God’s Love for All People.’’ For Ruth, the most important word in that sentence is ‘‘all,’’ and for the next 41 years of service, 33 of those years as the president and CEO, this mission was Ruth’s rock. Ruth received her bachelor in social welfare in 1972 and her master of social work in 1976, both from the University of Nebraska at Omaha. When she first started at Lutheran Family Services, Ruth walked into one of the treatment facilities and saw a man with a big tattoo on his arm that read ‘‘Born to Lose.’’ Ruth wondered, how many people come here every day with ‘‘Born to Lose’’ tattoed on their heart? At that moment, Ruth realized she was born to help others. Ruth’s list of accolades and awards include: Outstanding Young Women of America, Who’s Who of American Women, Social Worker of the Year, Champion for Kids and Families’ Life-time Service Award, Women of Distinc-tion Award, and the Milagro Award. Lutheran Family Services of Nebraska recognized her 25 years of service by es-tablishing the Ruth A. Henrichs Lead-ership Development Fund. With a passion for helping all, Ruth has served many boards and organiza-tions at all levels, from being a mem-ber to chairperson. She has spent a life-time dedicated to social service and her personal modus operandi: ‘‘To spend your life in service, to express God’s love for people.’’ That is what Ruth believes and that is what she has done for so long. Ruth has made a positive impact in our local community of Omaha, in our State of Nebraska and, indeed, our country. She has made an impact where it matters most, the lives of oth-ers. f 
A COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION SOLUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to be re-sponsible, to be accountable to the American public, and to deliver a com-prehensive immigration solution. Be-yond safeguarding our borders and ad-dressing DACA, it is the responsibility of Congress to pass an immigration bill that provides a workable visa system for our farmers and all agriculture pro-ducers back home. No one has worked harder or under-stands this more than my colleague and former chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture, Mr. GOOD-
LATTE . His comprehensive immigration bill, Securing America’s Future Act, addresses this by reforming the current H–2A visa program. The bill replaces the outdated H–2A program with a new H–2C visa placing jurisdiction within the United States Department of Agri-culture and the Department of Home-land Security. It also allows our farmers to access a stable supply of workers year-round, an important change for our farmers that work 365 days a year. I have worked hard on this provision with Chairman G
OODLATTE , and I am thankful for the time he took to listen to our farmers back home and incorporate many of their ideas and solutions into his bill. In Kansas, immigrants make the dairy industry run, they strengthen the farms that provide food on kitchen ta-bles across the country and across the world, and it helped the Kansas agri-culture industry become the inter-national powerhouse that it is today. Our farms, our local economy, and all the groceries you buy depend on immi-grant labor. To address our current farm labor crisis, we need to create a process that is easier to navigate and allows our farmers to access the labor pool they need. This Congress has focused on keeping our promises to be accountable, and now is as good a time as any, and is ac-tually a great time, to bring immigra-tion to the forefront and deliver for our constituents. Leaving this to the chance of a slipshod petition with zero chance of being signed by the President is simply not a solution. I am all in on finding solutions, and while I certainly understand the com-plexity of this issue, this Congress has proved it can move mountains when, just a few months ago, we passed his-toric tax reform. And we can tackle our Nation’s immigration policy by working together. 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MAJOR GENERAL  
JOSEPH MARTIN  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Major General Joseph Martin, who serves as the Commanding General of the 1st Infantry Division back at Fort Riley, Kansas. I have had the pleasure of working with General Martin and his wife, Leann, over the past year and have found them to be exceptional assets to Fort Riley, as well as the entire community. Al-though I am proud of their new jour-ney, I was sad to hear they will soon be departing for a new post. General Martin graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1986, alongside another fellow Kansan, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. General Martin was commissioned as an armor officer and, after graduation, served in a variety of troop assign-ments, including leadership within the Combined Joint Forces Land Compo-nent Command in Iraq, where he partnered with Iraqi and Allied Forces to liberate Mosul. Most recently, he served as the Commanding General for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.003 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4744 June 5, 2018 
the National Training Center at Fort Irwin, California. As Commanding General of the 1st Infantry Division, General Martin has worked to build readiness among his troops, and continues the partnerships with area communities and organiza-tions to support his soldiers and their families during their time at Fort Riley. General Martin has excelled at each post he has served in, and will continue to do so at his next assignment at the Pentagon this June. My wife, Laina, and I would like to be the first to wel-come General Martin, his wife, Leann, and family to the East Coast. We com-mend them for their service to our Na-tion and wish them and their family the very best of luck at their next post. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You once again that we, Your creatures, can come before You and ask guidance for the men and women of the people’s House. Send Your spirit of wisdom as they face this day with difficult decisions to be made, determining among com-peting interests to appropriate funds for the programs required to serve the needs of our Nation. As voters in many States go to the polls today, bless our citizens with wis-dom as well, and a purity of intention to weigh in on those issues of great im-port in these times. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done here this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
LIVING HISTORY LIVE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, an extraordinary highlight for me on Friday was to live a momen-tous historic event live on FOX News with the talented Harris Faulkner. During a scheduled interview on the upcoming North Korean talks, it be-came a prelude for the breaking news of the North Korean envoy arriving at the White House to deliver the letter to President Donald Trump from Kim Jong-un. The past year has been a success for President Trump. We were awaiting de-livery of a letter to the White House instead of a threatened delivery of a North Korean missile to vaporize the patriotic American territory of Guam. Beginning with the selection of Vice President M
IKEPENCE , the President has capable associates to work for peace through strength, including Chief of Staff John Kelly, Secretary Mike Pompeo, Ambassador John Bolton, and Ambassador Nikki Haley. American families are safer today, and the China model for North Korea is available for working with America, maintaining its leadership while its citizens are enriched. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations, Harris Faulkner, on the book out today, ‘‘9 Rules of En-gagement: A Military Brat’s Guide to Life and Success.’’ 
f 
EMERSON RYAN FOOTE HAS ARRIVED (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on the rainy, dreary early morning of this past Sunday, at 1:56 a.m., June 3, a bright beam of hopeful light burst through the darkness. Her name is Emerson Ryan Foote. June 3 is also the birth date of her mother, my former chief of staff, Gina. This new miracle of birth is the best birthday present a mother could have: a tiny baby girl. Emmie, as she will be called, was born here in our Nation’s Capital, Washington, D.C. Parents Gina and Tucker Foote are proud of their new 7-pound, 2-ounce blessing from God. Every time a new life is brought into the world, we are reminded of all that is good and right. Mr. Speaker, the miracle of birth is the happiest day of the year. Emmie was born in the most mar-velous and free country on Earth, America. I know her wonderful parents will instill a love of liberty, justice, and courage, for one day, her small lit-tle hands will shape our future. Every time a child is born, God smiles and makes a bet on the future of all of us. So happy birthday, Emmie, and happy birthday, Gina. And that is just the way it is. f 
SCOUT EXECUTIVE JOHN CARMAN RETIRES (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a great citizen of Arkan-sas and one of the pillars of Scouting in our State, John Carman. John is retiring after 21 years of serv-ice as the Scout executive of Quapaw Area Council. He is the longest serving Scout executive in the history of the council. During his tenure, John played an in-strumental role in more than doubling the council’s territory, currently en-compassing over half the geography and half the population of the State of Arkansas. Also, under John’s leadership, the Quapaw Area Council, for the first time ever, was recognized as a Gold Level Council by the Boy Scouts of America’s Journey to Excellence program, the highest award a council can earn. After a 35-year career as a profes-sional Scouter, John and Mary plan to move to Louisville, Kentucky, and spend more time with their beautiful family. My congratulations to John on an in-credible career and best wishes for his future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO PENN-SYLVANIA’S STUDENTS AT CON-GRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize six high school honors students from Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District chosen to represent the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania as dele-gates at the Congress of Future Med-ical Leaders. The following students were selected to attend the event, which will take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.006 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4745 June 5, 2018 
place June 25 to June 27 in Lowell, Massachusetts: Tessa Anderson of Clarendon, Taylor Grove of Mount Union, Daniel Headrick of Corry, Serena Clarke of Warren, Selena Fos-ter of Sheffield, and Monica Scotto of DuBois. These outstanding students were re-quired to achieve a 3.5 GPA to be nomi-nated for this prestigious honors-only program by their teachers or the Na-tional Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. The event aims to encourage and guide the top students in our country who hope to become physicians or med-ical scientists. Chosen delegates at the congress represent all 50 States and Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate these students on this tremendous accom-plishment, and I wish them the best of luck as they continue their path to leading our Nation’s medical profes-sion. 
f 
HONORING RETIRING TSA DEPUTY ADMINISTRATOR ROD ALLISON (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Roderick Allison, Acting Deputy Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion, who recently announced his re-tirement from TSA after 33 years of government service. Mr. Allison’s career began in 1985 with 13 years in the U.S. Army at the National Security Agency and 7th Spe-cial Forces Group. In 1998, Director Allison’s career with the Federal Air Marshal Service began when the program was part of the FAA. Following the events of 9/11, Mr. Alli-son returned to the Federal Air Mar-shal Service and has served with dis-tinction in several critical roles throughout TSA, including Acting Ad-ministrator, Acting Chief of Staff, and Acting Chief of Operations. Since becoming Director of the Fed-eral Air Marshal Service in May of 2014, Mr. Allison has been widely recog-nized for his resolute leadership, integ-rity, and commitment to the mission of TSA and the Federal Air Marshal Service. He truly is a leader among leaders. He has established a lasting legacy, both through action and mentorship, that will continue to have a positive impact on TSA and Federal Air Marshal Service personnel for many years to come. Thank you for your service, Mr. Alli-son. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1633 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MEADOWS ) at 4 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS U.S. WORKFORCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5956) to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5956 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are— (1) to increase the percentage of United States workers (as defined in section 6(i) of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Reso-lution to approve the ‘Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Political Union with the United States of America’, and for other purposes’’ (48 U.S.C. 1806)) in the total workforce of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, while maintaining the minimum num-ber of workers who are not United States workers to meet the changing demands of the Northern Mariana Islands’ economy; (2) to encourage the hiring of United States workers into such workforce; and (3) to ensure that no United States work-er— (A) is at a competitive disadvantage for employment compared to a worker who is not a United States worker; or (B) is displaced by a worker who is not a United States worker. 
SEC. 3. TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolution to approve the ‘Covenant To Establish a Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Political Union with the United States of America’, and for other purposes’’ (48 U.S.C. 1806) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2029’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) F
EES FOR TRAINING UNITED STATES  
WORKERS .— ‘‘(A) S
UPPLEMENTAL FEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to fees im-posed pursuant to section 286(m) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)) to recover the full costs of adjudica-tion services, the Secretary shall impose an annual supplemental fee of $200 per non-immigrant worker on each prospective em-ployer who is issued a permit under sub-section (d)(3) during the transition program. A prospective employer that is issued a per-mit with a validity period of longer than 1 year shall pay the fee for each year of re-quested validity at the time the permit is re-quested. ‘‘(ii) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Beginning in fiscal year 2020, the Secretary, through no-tice in the Federal Register, may annually adjust the supplemental fee imposed under clause (i) by a percentage equal to the an-nual change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics. ‘‘(iii) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts collected pursuant to clause (i) shall be deposited into the Treasury of the Commonwealth Govern-ment for the sole and exclusive purpose of funding vocational education, apprentice-ships, or other training programs for United States workers. ‘‘(iv) F
RAUD PREVENTION AND DETECTION  
FEE.—In addition to the fees described in clause (i), the Secretary— ‘‘(I) shall impose, on each prospective em-ployer filing a petition under this subsection for 1 or more nonimmigrant workers, a $50 fraud prevention and detection fee; and ‘‘(II) shall deposit and use the fees col-lected under subclause (I) for the sole pur-pose of preventing and detecting immigra-tion benefit fraud in the Northern Mariana Islands, in accordance with section 286(v)(2)(B) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(v)(2)(B)). ‘‘(B) P
LAN FOR THE EXPENDITURE OF  
FUNDS .—Not later than 120 days before the first day of fiscal year 2020, and annually thereafter, the Governor of the Common-wealth Government shall submit to the Sec-retary of Labor— ‘‘(i) a plan for the expenditures of amounts deposited under subparagraph (A)(iii); ‘‘(ii) a projection of the effectiveness of such expenditures in the placement of United States workers into jobs held by non-United States workers; and ‘‘(iii) a report on the changes in employ-ment of United States workers attributable to expenditures of such amounts during the previous year. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION AND REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after receiving each ex-penditure plan under subparagraph (B)(i), the Secretary of Labor shall— ‘‘(i) issue a determination on the plan; and ‘‘(ii) submit a report to Congress that de-scribes the effectiveness of the Common-wealth Government at meeting the goals set forth in such plan. ‘‘(D) P
AYMENT RESTRICTION .—Payments may not be made in a fiscal year from amounts deposited under subparagraph (A)(iii) before the Secretary of Labor has ap-proved the expenditure plan submitted under subparagraph (B)(i) for that fiscal year.’’; (2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 1, 2027, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives that— ‘‘(A) projects the number of asylum claims the Secretary anticipates following the ter-mination of the transition period; and ‘‘(B) describes the efforts of the Secretary to ensure appropriate interdiction efforts, provide for appropriate treatment of asylum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.009 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4746 June 5, 2018 
seekers, and prepare to accept and adju-dicate asylum claims in the Common-wealth.’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6), re-spectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION FOR UNITED STATES WORK -
ERS.— ‘‘(A) T
EMPORARY LABOR CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with petitions filed with employment start dates in fiscal year 2020, a petition to import a non-immigrant worker under this subsection may not be approved by the Secretary unless the petitioner has applied to the Secretary of Labor for a temporary labor certification confirming that— ‘‘(I) there are not sufficient United States workers in the Commonwealth who are able, willing, qualified, and available at the time and place needed to perform the services or labor involved in the petition; and ‘‘(II) employment of the nonimmigrant worker will not adversely affect the wages and working conditions of similarly em-ployed United States workers. ‘‘(ii) P
ETITION .—After receiving a tem-porary labor certification under clause (i), a prospective employer may submit a petition to the Secretary for a Commonwealth Only Transitional Worker permit on behalf of the nonimmigrant worker. ‘‘(B) P
REVAILING WAGE SURVEY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In order to effectuate the requirement for a temporary labor certifi-cation under subparagraph (A)(i), the Sec-retary of Labor shall use, or make available to employers, an occupational wage survey conducted by the Governor that the Sec-retary of Labor has determined meets the statistical standards for determining pre-vailing wages in the Commonwealth on an annual basis. ‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD FOR DETER -
MINING THE PREVAILING WAGE .—In the ab-sence of an occupational wage survey ap-proved by the Secretary of Labor under clause (i), the prevailing wage for an occupa-tion in the Commonwealth shall be the arithmetic mean of the wages of workers similarly employed in the territory of Guam according to the wage component of the Oc-cupational Employment Statistics Survey conducted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. ‘‘(C) M
INIMUM WAGE .—An employer shall pay each Commonwealth Only Transitional Worker a wage that is not less than the greater of— ‘‘(i) the statutory minimum wage in the Commonwealth; ‘‘(ii) the Federal minimum wage; or ‘‘(iii) the prevailing wage in the Common-wealth for the occupation in which the work-er is employed.’’; (C) by amending paragraph (3), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(3) P
ERMITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish, administer, and enforce a system for allocating and determining terms and condi-tions of permits to be issued to prospective employers for each nonimmigrant worker de-scribed in this subsection who would not oth-erwise be eligible for admission under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). ‘‘(B) N
UMERICAL CAP .—The number of per-mits issued under subparagraph (A) may not exceed— ‘‘(i) 13,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(ii) 12,500 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(iii) 12,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(iv) 11,500 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(v) 11,000 for fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(vi) 10,000 for fiscal year 2024; ‘‘(vii) 9,000 for fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(viii) 8,000 for fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(ix) 7,000 for fiscal year 2027; ‘‘(x) 6,000 for fiscal year 2028; ‘‘(xi) 5,000 for fiscal year 2029; and ‘‘(xii) 1,000 for the first quarter of fiscal year 2030. ‘‘(C) REPORTS REGARDING THE PERCENTAGE  
OF UNITED STATES WORKERS .— ‘‘(i) B
Y GOVERNOR .—Not later than 60 days before the end of each calendar year, the Governor shall submit a report to the Sec-retary that identifies the ratio between United States workers and other workers in the Commonwealth’s workforce based on in-come tax filings with the Commonwealth for the tax year. ‘‘(ii) B
Y GAO .—Not later than December 31, 2019, and biennially thereafter, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Chair and Ranking Member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives that identifies the ratio between United States workers and other workers in the Commonwealth’s work-force during each of the previous 5 calendar years. ‘‘(D) P
ETITION ; ISSUANCE OF PERMITS .— ‘‘(i) S
UBMISSION .—A prospective employer may submit a petition for a permit under this paragraph not earlier than— ‘‘(I) 120 days before the date on which the prospective employer needs the beneficiary’s services; or ‘‘(II) if the petition is for the renewal of an existing permit, not earlier than 180 days be-fore the expiration of such permit. ‘‘(ii) E
MPLOYMENT VERIFICATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish a system for each em-ployer of a Commonwealth Only Transitional Worker to submit a semiannual report to the Secretary and the Secretary of Labor that provides evidence to verify the continuing employment and payment of such worker under the terms and conditions set forth in the permit petition that the employer filed on behalf of such worker. ‘‘(iii) R
EVOCATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in the Secretary’s discretion, may revoke a permit approved under this paragraph for good cause, including if— ‘‘(aa) the employer fails to maintain the continuous employment of the subject work-er, fails to pay the subject worker, fails to timely file a semiannual report required under this paragraph, commits any other violation of the terms and conditions of em-ployment, or otherwise ceases to operate as a legitimate business (as defined in clause (iv)(II)); ‘‘(bb) the beneficiary of such petition does not apply for admission to the Common-wealth by the date that is 10 days after the period of petition validity begins, if the em-ployer has requested consular processing; or ‘‘(cc) the employer fails to provide a former, current, or prospective Common-wealth Only Transitional Worker, not later than 21 business days after receiving a writ-ten request from such worker, with the origi-nal (or a certified copy of the original) of all petitions, notices, and other written commu-nication related to the worker (other than sensitive financial or proprietary informa-tion of the employer, which may be redacted) that has been exchanged between the em-ployer and the Department of Labor, the De-partment of Homeland Security, or any other Federal agency or department. ‘‘(II) REALLOCATION OF REVOKED PETITION .— Notwithstanding subparagraph (C), for each permit revoked under subclause (I) in a fiscal year, an additional permit shall be made available for use in the subsequent fiscal year. ‘‘(iv) L
EGITIMATE BUSINESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A permit may not be ap-proved for a prospective employer that is not a legitimate business. ‘‘(II) D
EFINED TERM .—In this clause, the term ‘legitimate business’ means a real, ac-tive, and operating commercial or entrepre-neurial undertaking that the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, determines— ‘‘(aa) produces services or goods for profit, or is a governmental, charitable, or other validly recognized nonprofit entity; ‘‘(bb) meets applicable legal requirements for doing business in the Commonwealth; ‘‘(cc) has substantially complied with wage and hour laws, occupational safety and health requirements, and all other Federal, Commonwealth, and local requirements re-lated to employment during the preceding 5 years; ‘‘(dd) does not directly or indirectly engage in, or knowingly benefit from, prostitution, human trafficking, or any other activity that is illegal under Federal, Common-wealth, or local law; and ‘‘(ee) is a participant in good standing in the E-Verify program; ‘‘(ff) does not have, as an owner, investor, manager, operator, or person meaningfully involved with the undertaking, any indi-vidual who has been the owner, investor, manager, operator, or otherwise meaning-fully involved with an undertaking that does not comply with item (cc) or (dd), or is the agent of such an individual; and ‘‘(gg) is not a successor in interest to an undertaking that does not comply with item (cc) or (dd). ‘‘(v) C
ONSTRUCTION OCCUPATIONS .—A permit for Construction and Extraction Occupations (as defined by the Department of Labor as Standard Occupational Classification Group 47–0000) may not be issued for any worker other than a worker described in paragraph (7)(B).’’; (D) in paragraph (4), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘or to Guam for the purpose of tran-sit only’’ after ‘‘except admission to the Commonwealth’’; (E) in paragraph (5), as redesignated, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Approval of a petition filed by the new employer with a start date within the same fiscal year as the current permit shall not count against the numerical limitation for that period.’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) R
EQUIREMENT TO REMAIN OUTSIDE OF  
THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(i) a permit for a Commonwealth Only Transitional Worker— ‘‘(I) shall remain valid for a period that may not exceed 1 year; and ‘‘(II) may be renewed for not more than 2 consecutive, 1-year periods; and ‘‘(ii) at the expiration of the second re-newal period, an alien may not again be eli-gible for such a permit until after the alien has remained outside of the United States for a continuous period of at least 30 days prior to the submission of a renewal petition on their behalf. ‘‘(B) L
ONG-TERM WORKERS .—An alien who was admitted to the Commonwealth as a Commonwealth Only Transitional Worker during fiscal year 2015, and during every sub-sequent fiscal year beginning before the date of the enactment of the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act of 2018, may re-ceive a permit for a Commonwealth Only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.004 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4747 June 5, 2018 
Transitional Worker that is valid for a pe-riod that may not exceed 3 years and may be renewed for additional 3-year periods during the transition period. A permit issued under this subparagraph shall be counted toward the numerical cap for each fiscal year within the period of petition validity.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OMMONWEALTH .—The term ‘Common-wealth’ means the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. ‘‘(2) C
OMMONWEALTH ONLY TRANSITION  
WORKER .—The term ‘Commonwealth Only Transition Worker’ means an alien who has been admitted into the Commonwealth under the transition program and is eligible for a permit under subsection (d)(3). ‘‘(3) G
OVERNOR .—The term ‘Governor’ means the Governor of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. ‘‘(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(5) T
AX YEAR .—The term ‘tax year’ means the fiscal year immediately preceding the current fiscal year. ‘‘(6) U
NITED STATES WORKER .—The term ‘United States worker’ means any worker who is— ‘‘(A) a citizen or national of the United States; ‘‘(B) an alien who has been lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence; or ‘‘(C) a citizen of the Republic of the Mar-shall Islands, the Federated States of Micro-nesia, or the Republic of Palau (known col-lectively as the ‘Freely Associated States’) who has been lawfully admitted to the United States pursuant to— ‘‘(i) section 141 of the Compact of Free As-sociation between the Government of the United States and the Governments of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia (48 U.S.C. 1921 note); or ‘‘(ii) section 141 of the Compact of Free As-sociation between the United States and the Government of Palau (48 U.S.C. 1931 note).’’. (b) R
ULEMAKING .— (1) S
ECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— Notwithstanding the requirements under section 553(b) of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall publish in the Federal Register, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, an interim final rule that speci-fies how the Secretary intends to implement the amendments made by subsection (a) that relate to the responsibilities of the Sec-retary. (2) S
ECRETARY OF LABOR .—Notwithstanding the requirements under section 553(b) of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary of Labor shall publish in the Federal Register, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, an interim final rule that specifies how the Secretary intends to implement the amendments made by sub-section (a) that relate to the responsibilities of the Secretary. (3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS OF THE GOVERNOR .— In developing the interim final rules under paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Labor— (A) shall each consider, in good faith, any written public recommendations regarding the implementation of this Act that are sub-mitted by the Governor of the Common-wealth not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) may include provisions in such rule that are responsive to any recommendation of the Governor that is not inconsistent with this Act, including a recommendation to re-serve a number of permits each year for oc-cupational categories necessary to maintain public health or safety in the Common-wealth. (c) DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR TECH-
NICAL ASSISTANCE .—Not later than October 1, 2019, and biennially thereafter, the Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report to Con-gress that describes the fulfillment of the Department of the Interior’s responsibilities to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands— (1) to identify opportunities for economic growth and diversification; (2) to provide assistance in recruiting, training, and hiring United States workers; and (3) to provide such other technical assist-ance and consultation as outlined in section 702(e) of the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 (48 U.S.C. 1807). (d) O
UTREACH AND TRAINING .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Secretary of Labor publishes an interim final rule in the Federal Register in accord-ance with subsection (b)(2), the Secretary shall conduct outreach and training in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands for employers and workers on the for-eign labor certification process set forth in section 6 of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolution to approve the ‘Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands in Political Union with the United States of America’, and for other purposes’’, as amended by subsection (b), in-cluding the minimum wage requirement set forth in subsection (d)(2)(C) of such section. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as specifically oth-erwise provided, this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act— (A) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (B) shall apply to petitions for Common-wealth Only Transitional Workers filed on or after such date. (2) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF HOMELAND  
SECURITY .—The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in the Secretary’s discretion, may delay the effective date of any provision of this Act relating to Commonwealth Only Transi-tion Workers until the effective date of the interim final rule described in subsection (b), except for provisions providing annual nu-merical caps for such workers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 5956. The Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands had a political union with the United States back in 1986. As part of that covenant, which has several dif-ferent elements that make it unique among all of the territories as well as the other States, it authorized a local level of established programs to permit foreign workers to enter into the Northern Marianas. In 2008, I believe it was, Congress es-tablished this law to create a standard with the goal of actually trying to re-duce the annual number of permits given to foreign workers—eventually, hopefully, to zero—to stabilize so that the workforce became more American. Three years later, they finally came up with a way of implementing that— relatively quick for U.S. Government standards. But the citizenship program that was established, the CW permit program, unfortunately, it doesn’t quite work as we had thought it might do. So, in 2017, GAO reported that, since 2013, demand for these permits had dou-bled, and in fiscal year 2016, the de-mand exceeded the numerical cap that we have on these particular permits. The bottom line is simple. This idea of having the American workforce is wonderful, but if you have an area with a small population with a good econ-omy, which means there is low unem-ployment, and for some reason there is not a whole lot of Americans who want to travel a 15-hour plane ride to get to their work destination, there is a need for a foreign workforce on these par-ticular islands. And in some areas, it is unique. It was estimated that 80 percent of all the hospitality and construction jobs need to be filled by a foreign work-force. In the hospitals there, if we don’t make a change in this, all of the nurses will no longer be eligible to stay on the island and do that needed service. And, actually, if we don’t make some kind of adjustments in these caps, it could have a negative impact on the economy of the Northern Marianas, anywhere between 30 and 60 percent, sharply changing their gross domestic product. The intent of this particular bill in this version is threefold: number one, we want to increase the percentage of U.S. workers in the total workforce in the Marianas while maintaining a cer-tain number of non-U.S. workers to meet the demands of the Northern Marianas economy; number two, en-courage the hiring of U.S. workers into the Northern Mariana workforce; and number three—and this is perhaps the important one—to ensure that no U.S. worker is at a competitive disadvan-tage compared to any non-U.S. worker or is going to be displaced by a non- U.S. worker. But until that is accomplished, this bill will have some flexibility on those caps, and it will be permitted to extend beyond the 2019 date to 2029 so we can see how it does or does not work. This bill gives necessary relief to the Northern Marianas. I want to thank the gentleman from the Northern Mar-iana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) for working with us on this bill. I am also grateful to the government of the Northern Mariana Islands. Governor Torres has been in constant communication with us. He is supportive of what we are at-tempting to do. Oddly enough, I want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.004 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4748 June 5, 2018 
to thank our colleagues in the Senate who are also supportive of this par-ticular idea, even if they drafted some-what of an inartful piece of legislation so we have to come at it one more time. But there is agreement that this is the proper thing to do so this Common-wealth can actually maintain a steady workforce and maintain an economy that will continue to grow in the fu-ture. All the significant players on the island in the territory are in support of what we are attempting to do. Mr. Speaker, I obviously urge adop-tion of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Chairman B
ISHOP has just provided an accurate statement of the economic rationale for the North-ern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act, H.R. 5956. The Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act will allow the Marianas economy to continue growing so there is ample opportunity for new business investments and for jobs. I want to use my time simply to emphasize that this bill is about jobs—jobs for U.S. workers in my district. The bill contains new requirements to ensure that no U.S. worker is ever passed over for a job and that wages and working conditions for U.S. work-ers are always maintained and pro-tected. It ensures the fees employers pay are put to effective use, providing better training and apprenticeship opportuni-ties for U.S. workers. The bill encour-ages the continuing conversion of the Marianas economy to one in which, nu-merically, U.S. workers are predomi-nant. That is why the legislation is ti-tled the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act. That is a statement of our purpose and our goal. I say ‘‘our purpose’’ because this leg-islation is the product of a bipartisan and bicameral working group. It in-cluded Chairman B
ISHOP and Ranking Member G
RIJALVA , their committee leader counterparts in the other body, the Judiciary Committee representa-tives, and myself. We began in late 2016 working first on the legislation that became Public Law 115–53. It was not easy finding common ground among such a diver-sity of views. But by listening to each other and because we share a common concern to better the lives of Ameri-cans—even Americans in the faraway Marianas—we succeeded in agreeing on this second bill, the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act, a very good bill with very good policy. As a Delegate, Mr. Speaker, I cannot vote for this bill. I can, however, give my vote of thanks to Chairman B
ISHOP  because even a good bill with good pol-icy has to navigate the twists and turns of the legislative process. And without the chairman’s leadership, we might not be here on the floor today considering the Northern Mariana Is-lands U.S. Workforce Act. I thank the gentleman and leadership on both sides of the aisle, whose atten-tion and cooperation helped me bring this bill to the floor, and thank all of the working group members who helped the people of the Northern Mari-anas by working with me to draft this legislation. Lastly, I thank my constituents. Over the last 10 years, they have shared their own experiences with me and given me their ideas on what Federal policy would best fit our islands. I lis-tened to them and spoke for them, and we have incorporated their experiences and their ideas into the Northern Mar-iana Islands U.S. Workforce Act. I be-lieve my constituents’ needs are well represented because this legislation has the full support of the Marianas Governor, the legislature, the business community, and the men and women who meet and talked with me in every-day life. In closing, I ask my colleagues for their support of the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act. Seeing no other speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands for helping me with this particular bill. I am very grateful also to Governor Torres of the Commonwealth and to the business community there. I think we have found a practical solution to a real problem that could create harm for this Commonwealth. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of that area. I visited it once, and I hope to go back there again and notice the eco-nomic growth that continues there in the Northern Marianas. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5956. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NORTH COUNTRY NATIONAL SCE-NIC TRAIL ROUTE ADJUSTMENT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1026) to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1026 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjustment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ROUTE ADJUSTMENT. 
Section 5(a)(8) of the National Trails System Act (16 U.S.C. 1244(a)(8)) is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘thirty-two hundred miles, ex-tending from eastern New York State’’ and in-serting ‘‘4,600 miles, extending from the Appa-lachian Trail in Vermont’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Proposed North Country Trail’’ and all that follows through ‘‘June 1975.’’ and inserting ‘‘‘North Country National Scenic Trail, Authorized Route’, dated February 2014, and numbered 649/116870.’’. 
SEC. 3. LAND ACQUISITION. 
Neither the Secretary of Agriculture nor the Secretary of the Interior may acquire for the North Country National Scenic Trail land in Minnesota or Vermont that was obtained through condemnation by a State or local gov-ernment. 
SEC. 4. ENERGY. 
Nothing in the amendments made by this Act that change the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in Minnesota or Vermont shall prohibit the development, produc-tion, conveyance, or transmission of energy in those States, with reasonable efforts made to preserve the nature and purpose of the North Country National Scenic Trail, and to mitigate any damage to that trail and its associated re-sources caused by such activities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. The North Country National Scenic Trail is about 4,000 miles and links sce-nic, national, historic, and cultural areas across seven States. It goes from basically North Dakota through New York and will eventually end up in Vermont. The issue at hand here is a section in Minnesota which is about 93 miles that has not been built because it is a swamp. You can’t build it there. b1645 So what this would do—and it is strange we have to pass legislation to do it—is simply authorize to build a trail and go around the swamp which may add some additional miles to it, maybe around 400. It also authorizes at the other end about, maybe 66 miles of potential road from Vermont so that they can all connect to the Appa-lachian Trail which will create one of the most significant trails, the longest trail that we have to be able to use in this country. I should say the National Park Serv-ice has studied this, they have ap-proved it; and nonetheless, it is still a good idea. I urge its adoption, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ISHOP for his thoughtful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.013 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4749 June 5, 2018 
consideration of this legislation and his very apt, clear, and concise expla-nation of what it does. I also want to thank our ranking member, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , and thank the bipartisan spon-sorship for this legislation adjusting, expanding, and finishing off this great North Country National Scenic Trail. As Chairman B
ISHOP explained, it starts up here at Sakakawea State Park and then travels all the way through the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, Superior National Forest through Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, New York, and Pennsylvania, all the way up to beautiful Lake Cham-plain and will connect with the great Appalachian Trail, which my family and I have enjoyed hiking on as well in years past. So I want to now note with gratitude the fact that virtually all—I am not sure everyone—but most all of the Members, Democrats and Republicans, whose district this trail goes through are cosponsors on the legislation. It en-joys wonderfully good bipartisan sup-port. Mr. Speaker, there are millions of people in this country who really enjoy hiking and the camaraderie, the exer-cise, and all the good things that go along with that. So with this in mind, Chairman B
ISHOP has already explained the fact that it gets us through this 100 miles of bog. Hats off to the State and local officials and the private land-owners. All have agreed to do this without any cost to the public and without any exercise of eminent do-main. Also hats off to the volunteers who enjoy so much of this hiking. I have ac-tually worked on some of the trails myself. Of course, coming out of the sawmill and the pallet construction business, why, I feel pretty good with an ax, a hatchet, and a chain saw, so I have been out myself and volunteered my services to expand these trails. So with that in mind, I want to thank my good friend from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) for his work, help, and support in bringing this trail all the way up to that beautiful Lake Cham-plain and then connecting it with the great Appalachian Trail as well. I think it is important to note that this legislation is not just about trails. It is about good jobs, and it is about good economic development. The fact is that there are millions of Americans who are out here hiking on these trails all the time. They get hungry and they get thirsty. They want to stop some-where, have a refreshment, have a bite to eat, and support all the local res-taurants. Secondly, hiking causes some exer-tion, which is why it is good exercise. So they get a little tired along the way, and they want to stop and spend a night or two in local hotels along the way. Of course, they also need some ad-ditional equipment or repairs or a new pair of shoes. The American Hiking Society has de-termined that, applying the multiplier effect here, this reaches and results in about $196 billion a year and supports about 768,000 jobs. I explained here how that happens. So along with the good-paying jobs, there is this enormous health factor. Experts are telling us now that our youth have a nature deficit in their thinking. In fancy terms it means the kids just don’t get out enough any-more. One study indicated that each day the average kid spends 7 minutes outdoors and 7 hours in front of a com-puter or a TV screen. So we need to get our kids outdoors so they can learn the values and appreciation of the great outdoors. They are probably not going to get a chance to spend any time at Walden Pond, but we can get them out and exercising. So it is a good bill for economic health; it is a good bill for business and economic development. I want to again thank the chairman for his support in his committee for this legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Minnesota for introducing this bill. As he said, the North Country Trail is really a gem that goes across seven States. But I take particular interest in it because the 173 miles that we are add-ing today are so close to the State of Wisconsin. I know there are many out-door enthusiasts in my district for whom it is very important to do what they can to complete the North Coun-try Trail. As was mentioned right now, to go through the trail you would wind up in an area that would be very difficult to get through. So I am sure there is an economic benefit to this to Minnesota, but to me far more than the economic benefit is the huge benefit so many of our American citizens take and experi-ence in the outdoors, particularly in the area that is relatively undeveloped. I encourage passage of the bill. Add the new 173 miles. I am sure there are plenty of constituents in Wisconsin’s Sixth Congressional District who look forward to walking across each one of those miles. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire how much time remains. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from the Northern Mariana Is-lands has 15 minutes remaining. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the distinguished gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) such time as he may consume. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from the North-ern Mariana Islands and my cosponsor, the lead sponsor, Mr. N
OLAN . I also want to thank Chairman B
ISHOP . Chairman B
ISHOP , I want to thank you as well. You did something for us in Vermont with the Missisquoi River, and everything is working out. You had your same skepticism of certain agencies, but Vermonters are very grateful. You helped us then, and you are helping us now. I will take issue with a little thing you said. You presented the fact that this is going to go into Vermont. I heard it as an afterthought. I may be a little sensitive, but the whole point of walking 4,600 miles is to get to Vermont. That is what it is about. This is covering all these States, starting up in the Plains and coming around that bog hopefully, and it is going to connect up to the Appalachian Trail that not only runs through Vermont, Mr. NOLAN , but runs by my house. I am going to wave to you next year when you have the time of being a retired Member of Congress and you are marching across that trail, when you get to Vermont, we are going to say hello and invite you in. The points you made are true. The economic benefit of this is really sub-stantial. It gets people out and around and into the communities. The spin-off economic benefit is very substantial. In Vermont, our whole trail system, which we are very proud of, as I note you are in Minnesota, we estimate that about one in seven Vermont jobs de-pends on outdoor recreation, about 51,000 jobs and about $5.5 billion in con-sumer spending. And that is a big deal. The other point you alluded to is something I really think is important. It is good for the bottom line, but it is good for the soul: the camaraderie, the family participation, the connection that people have to where they live and the beauty of where it is they live. It is interesting you have got spon-sors from all of the States through which this trail goes, and it didn’t mat-ter if it was Republican or Democrat because all of us have so much engage-ment with our citizens and ourselves where they have a sense of place in that location where the trail goes through their land, and they get out there, like you say, with the chain saws, and the amount of volunteer work that goes into making these trails passable in winter and summer is extraordinary. So this whole effort on this trail and in all of our trails is something that I think Congress should be doing as much of as it possibly can. It is good for the economy, it is good for the heart, and it is good for the soul. This is very, very important to us in Vermont. The Appalachian Trail goes through part of Vermont. The Green Mountain Corridor goes through all of Vermont, and we have a number of other trails that sometimes link up with snowmobile byways, some of which go across the land my wife and I own. And your legislation I think is building on a very, very ambitious and wonderful trail, the North Country Na-tional Scenic Trail. When you think about it, a person— you showed it on the map—can walk all that way. Do you know what? There are people who are going to do it. They are doing the Appalachian Trail, they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.017 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4750 June 5, 2018 
are doing the Pacific Coast Trail, and it becomes a lifetime effort for them. They plan it, and they arrange with friends to meet and do it. Whether you can do all of it, like Mr. B
ISHOP prob-ably could, and you could, or some of it, which I could do, it is an oppor-tunity out there that awaits us, our kids, our grandkids, and future genera-tions. So, Mr. N
OLAN , I have got to say that it has been an enormous pleasure to serve with you in Congress. You are one of the most direct and forthright people whom I have seen here. I think as a piece of legislation to pass upon the soon departure of your second round here in Congress, this is really something that generations of Ameri-cans, generations of Minnesotans, and generations of Vermonters are going to have very, very fond feelings, look back and thank you, R
ICKNOLAN , for taking up the leadership on this trib-ute to our land and to our people. I want to thank you for letting me be part of this effort. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will gently remind Members that they need to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of this legislation. I just want to say if it is really 4,600 miles, then that is the equivalent of a round trip between San Francisco and Honolulu, a distance which I frequently fly and don’t actually enjoy sitting down. Mr. Speaker, at this time I have no further speakers. I ask for support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to have been able to work on a bill that makes the assumption that someone actually does want to walk to Vermont. If in-deed you can find that individual, we will provide an opportunity for it to take place. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have five legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1026, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. SUSQUEHANNA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2991) to establish the Susque-hanna National Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2991 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Susque-hanna National Heritage Area Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) H
ERITAGE AREA .—The term ‘‘Heritage Area’’ means the Susquehanna National Her-itage Area established by section 3(a). (2) L
OCAL COORDINATING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘local coordinating entity’’ means the local coordinating entity for the Heritage Area designated by section 4(a). (3) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘man-agement plan’’ means the plan developed by the local coordinating entity under section 5(a). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Pennsylvania. 
SEC. 3. SUSQUEHANNA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Susquehanna National Heritage Area in the State. (b) B
OUNDARIES .—The Heritage Area shall include Lancaster and York Counties, Penn-sylvania. 
SEC. 4. DESIGNATION OF LOCAL COORDINATING ENTITY. 
(a) L OCAL COORDINATING ENTITY .—The Sus- quehanna Heritage Corporation, a nonprofit organization established under the laws of the State, shall be the local coordinating en-tity for the Heritage Area. (b) A
UTHORITIES OF LOCAL COORDINATING  E
NTITY .—The local coordinating entity may, for purposes of preparing and implementing the management plan— (1) prepare reports, studies, interpretive exhibits and programs, historic preservation projects, and other activities recommended in the management plan for the Heritage Area; (2) make grants to the State, political sub-divisions of the State, nonprofit organiza-tions, and other persons; (3) enter into cooperative agreements with the State, political subdivisions of the State, nonprofit organizations, and other organiza-tions; (4) hire and compensate staff; (5) obtain funds or services from any source, including funds and services provided under any Federal program or law, in which case the Federal share of the cost of any ac-tivity assisted using Federal funds provided for National Heritage Areas shall not be more than 50 percent; and (6) contract for goods and services. (c) D
UTIES OF LOCAL COORDINATING ENTI-
TY.—To further the purposes of the Heritage Area, the local coordinating entity shall— (1) prepare a management plan for the Her-itage Area in accordance with section 5; (2) give priority to the implementation of actions, goals, and strategies set forth in the management plan, including assisting units of government and other persons in— (A) carrying out programs and projects that recognize and protect important re-source values in the Heritage Area; (B) encouraging economic viability in the Heritage Area in accordance with the goals of the management plan; (C) establishing and maintaining interpre-tive exhibits in the Heritage Area; (D) developing heritage-based recreational and educational opportunities for residents and visitors in the Heritage Area; (E) increasing public awareness of and ap-preciation for the natural, historic, and cul-tural resources of the Heritage Area; (F) restoring historic buildings that are— (i) located in the Heritage Area; and (ii) related to the themes of the Heritage Area; and (G) installing throughout the Heritage Area clear, consistent, and appropriate signs identifying public access points and sites of interest; (3) consider the interests of diverse units of government, businesses, tourism officials, private property owners, and nonprofit groups within the Heritage Area in devel-oping and implementing the management plan; (4) conduct public meetings at least semi-annually regarding the development and im-plementation of the management plan; and (5) for any fiscal year for which Federal funds provided for National Heritage Areas are expended for the Heritage Area— (A) submit to the Secretary an annual re-port that describes— (i) the accomplishments of the local co-ordinating entity; (ii) the expenses and income of the local coordinating entity; and (iii) the entities to which the local coordi-nating entity made any grants; (B) make available for audit all records re-lating to the expenditure of the Federal funds and any matching funds; and (C) require, with respect to all agreements authorizing the expenditure of Federal funds by other organizations, that the receiving organizations make available for audit all records relating to the expenditure of the Federal funds. (d) PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF REAL P
ROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The local coordinating en-tity shall not use Federal funds provided for National Heritage Areas to acquire real property or any interest in real property. (2) O
THER SOURCES .—Nothing in this Act precludes the local coordinating entity from using funds from other sources for author-ized purposes, including the acquisition of real property or any interest in real prop-erty. 
SEC. 5. MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available to carry out this Act, the local co-ordinating entity shall prepare and submit to the Secretary a management plan for the Heritage Area. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The management plan for the Heritage Area shall— (1) include comprehensive policies, strate-gies, and recommendations for the conserva-tion, funding, management, and development of the Heritage Area; (2) include a description of actions and commitments that governments, private or-ganizations, and citizens will take to pro-tect, enhance, and interpret the natural, his-toric, scenic, and cultural resources of the Heritage Area; (3) describe a program of implementation for the management plan that includes— (A) performance goals and ongoing per-formance evaluation; (B) plans for resource protection, enhance-ment and interpretation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.018 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4751 June 5, 2018 
(C) specific commitments for implementa-tion that have been made by the local co-ordinating entity or any government, orga-nization, business or individual; (4) include an interpretative plan for the Heritage Area; (5) take into consideration existing State, county, and local plans; (6) specify the existing and potential sources of funding to protect, manage, and develop the Heritage Area; (7) include an inventory of the natural, his-toric, cultural, educational, scenic, and rec-reational resources of the Heritage Area re-lating to the themes of the Heritage Area that should be preserved, restored, managed, developed, or maintained; and (8) include an analysis of, and rec-ommendations for, ways in which Federal, State, and local programs, may best be co-ordinated to further the purposes of this Act, including recommendations for the role of the National Park Service in the Heritage Area. (c) A
PPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF MAN-
AGEMENT PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the local coordi-nating entity submits the management plan to the Secretary, the Secretary shall approve or disapprove the proposed management plan. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining whether to approve or disapprove the man-agement plan, the Secretary shall consider whether— (A) the local coordinating entity is rep-resentative of the diverse interests of the Heritage Area, including governments, nat-ural and historic resource protection organi-zations, educational institutions, businesses, and recreational organizations; (B) the local coordinating entity has pro-vided adequate opportunities (including pub-lic meetings) for public and governmental in-volvement in the preparation of the manage-ment plan; (C) the resource protection and interpreta-tion strategies contained in the management plan, if implemented, would adequately pro-tect the natural, historic, and cultural re-sources of the Heritage Area; and (D) the management plan is supported by the appropriate State and local officials, the cooperation of which is needed to ensure the effective implementation of the State and local aspects of the management plan. (3) D
ISAPPROVAL AND REVISIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary dis-approves a proposed management plan, the Secretary shall— (i) advise the local coordinating entity, in writing, of the reasons for the disapproval; and (ii) make recommendations for revision of the proposed management plan. (B) A
PPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL .—The Sec- retary shall approve or disapprove a revised management plan not later than 180 days after the date on which the revised manage-ment plan is submitted. (d) A
PPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS .—The Sec- retary shall review and approve or dis-approve substantial amendments to the man-agement plan in accordance with subsection (c). 
SEC. 6. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act af-fects the authority of a Federal agency to provide technical or financial assistance under any other law. (b) C
ONSULTATION AND COORDINATION .—The head of any Federal agency planning to con-duct activities that may have an impact on the Heritage Area is encouraged to consult and coordinate the activities with the Sec-retary and the local coordinating entity to the extent practicable. (c) OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Nothing in this Act— (1) modifies, alters, or amends any law or regulation authorizing a Federal agency to manage Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Federal agency; (2) limits the discretion of a Federal land manager to implement an approved land use plan within the boundaries of the Heritage Area; or (3) modifies, alters, or amends any author-ized use of Federal land under the jurisdic-tion of a Federal agency. 
SEC. 7. PRIVATE PROPERTY AND REGULATORY PROTECTIONS. 
Nothing in this Act— (1) abridges the rights of any property owner (whether public or private), including the right to refrain from participating in any plan, project, program, or activity conducted within the Heritage Area; (2) requires any property owner to permit public access (including access by Federal, State, or local agencies) to the property of the property owner, or to modify public ac-cess or use of property of the property owner under any other Federal, State, or local law; (3) alters any duly adopted land use regula-tion, approved land use plan, or other regu-latory authority of any Federal, State, or local agency, or conveys any land use or other regulatory authority to the local co-ordinating entity; (4) authorizes or implies the reservation or appropriation of water or water rights; (5) affects the licensing or relicensing of fa-cilities by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission within the proposed Heritage Area or upstream or downstream from the proposed Heritage Area on the Susquehanna River, including FERC Project No. 405-104; (6) diminishes the authority of the State to manage fish and wildlife, including the regu-lation of fishing and hunting within the Her-itage Area; or (7) creates any liability, or affects any li-ability under any other law, of any private property owner with respect to any person injured on the private property. 
SEC. 8. EVALUATION; REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years be-fore the date specified under section 9, the Secretary shall— (1) conduct an evaluation of the accom-plishments of the Heritage Area; and (2) prepare a report in accordance with sub-section (c). (b) E
VALUATION .—An evaluation conducted under subsection (a)(1) shall— (1) assess the progress of the local coordi-nating entity with respect to— (A) accomplishing the purposes of this Act for the Heritage Area; and (B) achieving the goals and objectives of the approved management plan for the Herit-age Area; (2) analyze the Federal, State, local, and private investments in the Heritage Area to determine the leverage and impact of the in-vestments; and (3) review the management structure, part-nership relationships, and funding of the Heritage Area for purposes of identifying the critical components for sustainability of the Heritage Area. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Based on the evaluation conducted under subsection (a)(1), the Sec-retary shall prepare a report that includes recommendations for the future role of the National Park Service, if any, with respect to the Heritage Area. (2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—On comple-tion of the report, the Secretary shall sub-mit the report to— (A) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. SEC. 9. TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY. 
The authority of the Secretary to provide assistance under this Act terminates on the date that is 15 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. b1700 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ), the author of this particular bill. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding, but, more importantly, for moving this bill through committee and allowing it to be brought up for a vote today on the floor. I rise today as the lead sponsor of H.R. 2991, the Susquehanna National Heritage Area Act. I am glad the House is taking up this important bill with bipartisan support from the Pennsyl-vania delegation. The concept of the bill is simple. It would make two counties in Pennsyl-vania, Lancaster and York Counties, both located in south central Pennsyl-vania, a national heritage area. National heritage areas are a con-gressional designation where ‘‘natural, cultural, historic, and recreational re-sources form a cohesive, nationally dis-tinctive landscape arising from human activity shaped by geography,’’ which describes this area very well. Accord-ing to the National Park Service, there are currently 49 national heritage areas in 32 States. I am very proud of the natural beau-ty that we find in our Pennsylvania communities, particularly in these two counties. We want to ensure we main-tain that safe and clean environment into the future for residents and visi-tors. The Susquehanna River and its sur-rounding landscape have played a star-ring role in American history. Our re-gion’s heritage reflects events and causes that exemplify the American experience, many flowing from the cen-tral historical role of the river. Along the Susquehanna, a tradition of public and private collaboration has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.006 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4752 June 5, 2018 
helped our region prosper from herit-age and outdoor tourism, and this na-tional heritage area designation will attract more visitors, stimulate our local economy, and preserve natural re-sources and historical landmarks. I want to thank the countless local officials and Members of Congress who have worked on this legislation for many years. Without their tireless work and the sustained input and sup-port from the residents of York and Lancaster Counties, we would not be here right now. This was a bottom-up effort led by grassroots support from these communities. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a list of the dozens of local organiza-tions that support this legislation. 
The following local organizations support the Susquehanna National Heritage Area Act: Amishview Inn & Suites/Miller’s Smor-gasbord/Plain & Fancy Farm; Borough of Co-lumbia; Bube’s Brewery; Colony Packaging & Machine; Downtown Inc.; Discover Lan-caster; Farm & Natural Lands Trust of York County; Historic Preservation Trust of Lan-caster County; Historic York, Inc.; Lan-caster Chamber of Commerce & Industry; Lancaster County Board of Commissioners; Lancaster County Conservancy; Lancaster County Parks & Recreation; Lancaster Coun-ty Planning Commission; Lancaster Farm-land Trust; Landis Valley Museum. LancasterHistory.org; Long Level Marina; Northern York County Historical & Preser-vation Society; PPL Corporation; Pennsyl-vania State Grange; Preservation Pennsyl-vania; Rivertownes PA USA; Shank’s Mare Outfitters; Susquehanna Glass; Susquehanna Valley Chamber of Commerce; York County Board of Commissioners; York County Con-vention & Visitors Bureau; York County De-partment of Parks & Recreation; York Coun-ty Economic Alliance; York County History Center. 
Mr. SMUCKER. Again, I urge passage of H.R. 2991. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill to es-tablish the Susquehanna National Her-itage Area in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Seen as ‘‘a new kind of national park’’ that leverages public-private partnerships with a focus on regional economic development, the first na-tional heritage area was signed into law by President Ronald Reagan in 1984. Since then, Congress has author-ized many successful heritage areas throughout the country, and this model makes a lot of sense for certain regions. However, it has been a while since the House passed a standalone bill to establish a new national herit-age area, so this is an encouraging sign. We appreciate the renewed interest in national heritage areas, particularly since some of my fellow Democratic colleagues have introduced heritage area proposals. We are eager to bring those proposals forward as well. That said, this is a good bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support its adoption. The communities of Lan-caster and York Counties have clearly demonstrated that their region de-serves recognition as a national herit-age area. I would like to congratulate Representative SMUCKER for his leader-ship on this proposal and Chairman B
ISHOP for guiding this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am in favor of this particular bill. Heritage areas have been, for us, some-what problematic in the past. There have been some of those who have looked simply on the Federal Govern-ment as a deep pocket to be robbed and used year after year after year. Some of them have ignored private property rights. Some of them have actually su-perseded legal governments’ preroga-tives and initiatives. In each of these areas, Mr. S
MUCKER  has done an incredibly good job to make sure those problems will not exist. The idea of simply being a funnel for money is not necessarily a part of this particular bill, and he has specifi-cally included the rights of property protection in this bill. What Mr. S
MUCKER has done here is a national heritage area done the right way for the right purpose and the right intent, and I hope, because of the way he has done that, it will not tend to be a problem in the future as heritage areas are re-looked at and renewed at some particular point. I want to com-mend him not only for taking up the specific issue that is important to his area, but for doing it the right way. That is why I am very happy to support this particular piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, again, I encourage support for this bill, and having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask my fellow Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of New York). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2991, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY OF JAMES WELDON JOHNSON BIRTHPLACE Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5005) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special re-source study to determine the suit-ability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon John-son in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5005 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY OF JAMES WELDON JOHNSON BIRTH-PLACE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a special resource study to de-termine the suitability and feasibility of es-tablishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson located at Adams & Lee Street in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the Na-tional Park System. (b) S
TUDY REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall conduct the study in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate a report that de-scribes— (1) the results of the study; and (2) any recommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This is a fairly significant but straightforward bill. It simply is ask-ing for a study on the potential of in-cluding James Weldon Johnson’s birth-place as part of our national park sys-tem. Mr. Johnson was a leader in the civil rights movement of his time. He had many talents. He was a diplomat, exec-utive director of the NAACP, the first African to be a member of The Florida Bar. He has also written songs. Having a special place in history, it is appropriate that we simply direct the National Park Service to inves-tigate the possibility of adding this to the historical sites of significance within the Park Service system. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. L
AWSON ). Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to thank Chairman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.021 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4753 June 5, 2018 
BISHOP for moving this fine bill through his committee. James Weldon Johnson was born in 1871 in Jacksonville. This is very sig-nificant and probably should have been done many years ago for his contribu-tions to education and the accomplish-ments he was able to make throughout his life. He also was not only the first African American admitted to The Florida Bar but also the first African American to teach at New York University. I think most significant was that he was ap-pointed by President Roosevelt to serve as a dignitary to Venezuela and Nigeria. His accomplishments are re-vered by everyone in the United States. He was a great writer. In fact, when he wrote ‘‘Lift Ev’ry Voice and Sing,’’ he wrote it to celebrate President Lin-coln’s birthday. His brother later put it into lyrics. It was adopted by the NAACP as the Negro national anthem. Ever since I was small, we would hear ‘‘Lift Ev’ry Voice,’’ ‘‘Lift Ev’ry Voice.’’ Little did we know that ‘‘Lift Ev’ry Voice’’ would be presented at every fes-tivity and graduation throughout America, at football games and every-where, because of Mr. Johnson’s con-tributions. I feel very honored to have this his-toric site among our Park Service so people can know the history of James Weldon Johnson, not only in the Jack-sonville community but throughout America. I think it would be fitting that many people have the opportunity to visit his birthplace to see the con-tributions he has made. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Representative L
AWSON ’s bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suit-ability of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson, located in Jacksonville, Flor-ida, as a unit of the National Park System. James Weldon Johnson was born in Jack-sonville to immigrant parents from the Baha-mas. He went on to become a respected law-yer, educator, and writer. President Theodore Roosevelt appointed James Weldon Johnson as U.S. Consult to Venezuela and Nicaragua during the early 1900’s. I applaud my colleague Representative L
AWSON for introducing legislation to honor the first African American executive secretary of the NAACP. I support passage of H.R. 5005. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has no further speakers, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5005. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
CAMP NELSON HERITAGE NATIONAL MONUMENT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5655) to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5655 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Camp Nel-son Heritage National Monument Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument Nicholasville, Kentucky’’, num-bered 532/144,148, and dated April 2018. (2) M
ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument established by section 3(a). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF CAMP NELSON HER-ITAGE NATIONAL MONUMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), there is established, as a unit of the National Park System, the Camp Nelson Heritage Na-tional Monument in the State of Kentucky, to preserve, protect, and interpret for the benefit of present and future generations, the nationally significant historic resources of Camp Nelson and its role in the American Civil War, Reconstruction, and African American history and civil rights. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The Monument shall not be established until after the Secretary— (A) has entered into a written agreement with the owner of any private or non-Federal land within the Camp Nelson Heritage Na-tional Monument boundary as depicted on the Map providing that such property shall be donated to the United States for inclusion in the Monument to be managed consistently with the purposes of the Monument; and (B) has determined that sufficient land or interests in land have been acquired within the boundary of the Monument to constitute a manageable unit. (b) B
OUNDARIES .—The boundaries of the Monument shall be the boundaries generally depicted on the Map. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (d) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may only acquire any land or interest in land located within the boundary of the Monument by— (1) donation; (2) purchase with donated funds; or (3) exchange. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the Monument in accordance with— (A) this Act; and (B) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including— (i) section 100101(a), chapter 1003, and sec-tions 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101 of title 54, United States Code; and (ii) chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (2) MANAGEMENT PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available to the Secretary for this purpose, the Secretary shall prepare a general man-agement plan for the Monument in accord-ance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (B) S
UBMIT TO CONGRESS .—On completion of the general management plan, the Secretary shall submit it to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. (f) P
RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .—No private property or non-Federal public prop-erty shall be managed as part of the Monu-ment without the written consent of the owner of such property. (g) N
OBUFFER ZONES .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Monument, or the management of the Monument shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Monument. The fact that an activity or use can be seen, heard, or detected from within the Monument shall not preclude the conduct of that activity or use outside of the Monument. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), whose bill this is. It is an excel-lent piece of legislation. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5655, the Camp Nel-son Heritage National Monument Act, which would establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in Jessa-mine County, Kentucky, as a unit of the National Park Service system. I would like to especially thank the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), chairman of the Natural Resources Committee, for his support of this leg-islation and for guiding us through this process and bringing it to the House floor. Throughout my time in Congress, Mr. Speaker, I fought to bring national attention and recognition to Camp Nel-son, a site that has the ability to unite our Nation and inspire a greater under-standing and appreciation for Civil War history, African American history, and a compelling story of the struggle for freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.024 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4754 June 5, 2018 
Camp Nelson was founded in 1863 as a Union Army supply depot, training center, and hospital for the Federal Ar-mies in Kentucky and Tennessee. The camp, located in southern Jessamine County, Kentucky, covered 4,000 acres, with over 300 buildings and fortifica-tions. It housed 2,000 to 8,000 troops, over 1,000 civilian employees, and, after 1864, over 3,000 African American refu-gees. The existing site contains several important Civil War resources that demonstrate the cultural and histor-ical themes prominent at the time. The most significant aspect of Camp Nelson’s history was its role as the third largest recruitment and training center for U.S. Colored Troops and home to many of their families. Be-cause of its proximity to the Confed-erate States, African American men fled to Camp Nelson to enlist and es-cape slavery. Because the Emanci-pation Proclamation did not apply to Kentucky, a slaveholding border State not part of the Confederacy, Camp Nel-son represented for a time the only av-enue for Kentucky slaves to achieve emancipation. b1715 By the time the 13th Amendment was ratified and ended slavery in 1865, 70 percent of Kentucky slaves had already been emancipated, largely in part be-cause of the efforts made at Camp Nel-son. Today, the site at Camp Nelson re-tains rich archeological evidence, in-cluding several earthen fortifications and other original landscape features dating back to the Civil War encamp-ment. Camp Nelson is recognized as a Na-tional Historic Landmark, a key re-quirement in the process of being in-cluded as a unit of the National Park System. It is also part of the Civil War Discovery Trail and the National Un-derground Railroad Network to Free-dom. Additionally, Secretary of the Inte-rior Ryan Zinke has recommended that this site become a national monument. I want to thank Secretary Zinke for his personal attention to this effort and for his support and recommending to the President designating Camp Nel-son as part of the National Park Serv-ice. Camp Nelson has proven its ability to unite the people not just of Jessamine County and the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky, but of the Nation as a whole. Even further, it has the potential to convey nationally significant informa-tion about the survival and persistence of African American soldiers and their families as they fought for their free-dom. Over the past few years, I have met with stakeholders and descendants of those who lived and worked at Camp Nelson. It is apparent that this site, based on their testimonies, is impor-tant not only to the history of the Commonwealth, but to the history of our Nation. I would like to thank these local stakeholders who shared their stories and educated me and my staff about the significant contributions of this historical site. Their advocacy and sup-port effectively demonstrated the posi-tive local sentiment about Camp Nel-son. Specifically, I would like to thank Reverend Robert Gates, Sr., the pastor of the historic First Baptist Church of Camp Nelson. His great-great-grand-father on his mother’s side was the Sergeant Reverend Jesse Tull, Sr., who was a member of Company C, 119th U.S. Colored Infantry and made great contributions at Camp Nelson. Also, Reverend Moses Lee Radford, pastor of the Nicholasville First Baptist Church; the County Judge Executive David West; former County Judge Executive Cassidy, who was a major contributor to acquiring the land for the county and preserving the history there; Dr. Stephen McBride, director of interpre-tation and archeology at Camp Nelson Civil War Heritage Park; and Mrs. Mary Kozak, special projects director for Jessamine County, Kentucky, who has worked tirelessly for about 20 years preserving the history of Camp Nelson. I also want to thank several others who contributed greatly to our efforts and assisted in gaining support for this effort, including Governor Matt Bevin; the Jessamine County Fiscal Court; the Lexington-Fayette NAACP chap-ter; the Jessamine Chamber of Com-merce; the Kentucky Historical Soci-ety; and my colleague Congresswoman M
ARCIA FUDGE from Ohio, among oth-ers. It is one of my goals in Congress to make Camp Nelson a place where the entire Nation can experience the rich history it has to offer and appreciate the amazing story it tells about the long march toward freedom for African Americans in Kentucky and beyond. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5655 designates the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monu-ment in Kentucky to preserve the his-toric resources of Camp Nelson and its role in the American Civil War. Camp Nelson was founded and con-structed by Major General Ambrose Burnside. The camp served as a supply depot for the Union Army during the Civil War and supported frontline ef-forts against the Confederacy. Camp Nelson was different from other mili-tary outposts because it was one of the largest recruitment and training cen-ters for African American soldiers dur-ing the Civil War. In fact, thousands of slaves who fled to the camp with their families later enlisted to protect the freedoms we enjoy today. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation. Having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this, to me, is an impor-tant piece of legislation, not just for the history of it, as an old history teacher, but this Camp Nelson is cur-rently a county park known as the Camp Nelson Civil War Heritage Park. In 2008, it was added to the National Park Service’s National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom. In 2013, it was designated as a National His-toric Landmark. More important than that, this is one of those areas which deserves to be a national monument, and what we are doing is the way national monuments should be created in this country. It has been an open process. We have had hearings. We have had open debate. There has been input from the local community. This is how Congress should be creating national monu-ments, not only now but in the future as well. So I am very grateful for that. It is a bill that has been properly drafted and properly vetted, and we are going through the process in the way the Constitution required for Congress to make these kinds of designations. For that reason, I am extremely proud of this particular piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for all the effort and the work he has put into doing this the right way. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this particular measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5655. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ROUTE 66 NATIONAL HISTORIC TRAIL DESIGNATION ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 801) to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 801 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Route 66 Na-tional Historic Trail Designation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF THE ROUTE 66 NA-TIONAL HISTORIC TRAIL. 
Section 5(a) of the National Trails System Act (16 U.S.C. 1244(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(31) R
OUTE 66 NATIONAL HISTORIC TRAIL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Route 66 National His-toric Trail, a trail that includes all the align-ments of U.S. Highway 66 in existence between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.027 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4755 June 5, 2018 
1926 and 1985, extending along a route of ap-proximately 2,400 miles from Chicago, Illinois, to Santa Monica, California, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘Route 66 National Historic Trail, Proposed Route’, numbered P26/141,279, and dated December 2017. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP .—The map de-scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of the National Park Service, De-partment of the Interior. ‘‘(C) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Route 66 Na-tional Historic Trail shall be administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. Such ad-ministration shall be conducted in a manner that respects and maintains the idiosyncratic nature of the Route 66 National Historic Trail. ‘‘(D) L
AND ACQUISITION .—The United States may not acquire for the Route 66 National His-toric Trail any land or interest in land— ‘‘(i) outside the exterior boundary of any fed-erally managed area without the consent of the owner of the land or interest in land; or ‘‘(ii) that extends more than an average of one-quarter of a mile on either side of the trail. ‘‘(E) N
O BUFFER ZONE CREATED .—Nothing in this Act, the acquisition of the land or an inter-est in land authorized by this Act, or the man-agement plan for the Route 66 National Historic Trail shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Trail. That activities or uses can be seen, heard, or detected from the acquired land shall not preclude, limit, control, regulate, or determine the conduct or management of ac-tivities or uses outside of the trail. ‘‘(F) E
NERGY .—Nothing in this Act, the acqui-sition of land or an interest in land authorized by this Act, or the management plan for the Route 66 National Historic Trail shall prohibit, hinder, or disrupt the development, production, or transmission of energy. ‘‘(G) E
MINENT DOMAIN OR CONDEMNATION .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary of the Inte-rior may not use eminent domain or condemna-tion.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD), despite the fact that he used to be a member of our committee and abandoned us, for which he will never be forgiven. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, as a former member of the Committee on Natural Resources, I want to thank the gentleman for his support, his assist-ance, and his friendship in helping to bring H.R. 801 to the floor here today. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 801 is the Route 66 National Historic Trail Designation Act, and we are happy to have it here today on this floor. I also want to thank my friend and Democratic col-league, Congresswoman GRACE NAPOLI -
TANO of California, for introducing this legislation along with me. Through our combined efforts, we have successfully built strong bipartisan support for this particular bill. I am proud to represent Illinois’ 18th Congressional District in Congress, es-pecially given its rich American his-tory. H.R. 801 focuses on a small piece of that, Route 66, also commonly known or referred to as the Main Street of America or the Mother Road. As many know, Route 66 spans eight States and runs from Illinois to Cali-fornia. Also of note, Route 66 will cele-brate its 100th anniversary in 2026. In my district, Route 66 passes through places like Lexington, Illinois; Towanda; Bloomington-Normal; At-lanta; Lincoln; Elkhart; Springfield; and stretches into the northern part of our State near Chicago. Route 66’s impact on small, rural communities in Illinois and across the country cannot be understated. For ex-ample, both Atlanta, Illinois, and Springfield, Illinois, have benefited from the recent renewed emphasis on Route 66. In Atlanta, we have seen an increase in tourism to the area. As a result, we have had an increase in sales tax revenue. In Springfield, which is our State capital, we have seen revital-ization in several parts of town. These are just two examples, but I can say with confidence that the high-way’s significance has become a key driver of attracting both domestic and international tourism as well as local economic activity for the areas and States that many of us in Congress rep-resent. On any given day, you will find peo-ple flying into Chicago, into O’Hare Airport, and renting motorcycles or cars or getting on buses and driving along this iconic roadway through America. It should also be known that the Fed-eral Government already recognizes the importance of Route 66. The high-way currently benefits from the Na-tional Park Service’s Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program, but this pro-gram is scheduled to sunset in 2019. My legislation, H.R. 801, is simple and straightforward and improves upon current efforts. If signed into law, it will designate Route 66 as a national historic trail, ensuring that the Na-tional Park Service will have the au-thority to assist and support States and local communities in preserving, promoting, and economically devel-oping Route 66 for generations to come. Importantly, in 1995, a Route 66 spe-cial resource study was conducted by the National Park Service, as author-ized by Congress. The study determined that Route 66 meets the criteria in the National Trails System Act for des-ignation as a national historic trail. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  10 letters of support from Route 66 as-sociations and organizations across the country which back the legislation. OCTOBER 11, 2016. Re Route 66: The Road Ahead Partnership T
OWHOMITMAYCONCERN : I am pleased to write this letter of endorsement on behalf of the Route 66 Alliance in support of Route 66 being designated as a National Historic Trail. The Route 66 Alliance, based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, is committed to the preservation and marketing of the entire 2,448 miles of historic Route 66. Its key role in the develop-ment of the United States is beyond ques-tion. And efforts in Tulsa have begun in ear-nest to highlight this iconic road, and the important role that Tulsa played in its de-velopment. Recently, the Mayor of Tulsa established a Route 66 Commission to oversee the en-hancement, development, visitor experience, and revitalization of the authentic Route 66, twenty-four miles of which pass through Tulsa County. This Commission, which I chair, is comprised of City Councilors, Coun-ty Commissioners, business owners, Main Street Program directors, and other pas-sionate supports of the Mother Road, all committed to maintaining and enhancing this culturally significant treasure. Since 1999, when the National Park Service established the Route 66 Corridor Preserva-tion Program, tremendous progress has been made in revitalizing significant historic properties all along the road. This in turn has lead to increased tourism, both national and international, as well as enhanced eco-nomic vitality in these communities. Despite its reauthorization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Pro-gram is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Estab-lishing Route 66 as a National Historic Trail will ensure a federal focus that will continue the work of the Route 66 Corridor Preserva-tion Program for generations to come. Thank you for your consideration. Kind regards, K
ENBUSBY , Executive Director & CEO. 
SEPTEMBER 19, 2016. This letter is to indicate the National His-toric Route 66 Federation’s support for the designation of Route 66 as a National His-toric Trail. Beginning in the 1920s, Route 66 built a ro-bust economy in the regions it passed through by serving the travelling public with restaurants, motels, gas stations, stores and entertainment. However, it was doomed by progress. In the mid 1950s, it began to be re-placed by interstate highways. By the mid 1980s it was no longer a Federal highway. Motorists chose the multi-lane, high speed interstates over the two lane, slower speed highway, and numerous businesses—even en-tire towns—closed down. Then, in 1999, the National Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote the his-toric road. This program has been an impor-tant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor. It has resulted in the restoration of many historic properties, increased tourism and contributed to significant economic growth. The continuation of these economic bene-fits may be in jeopardy, however. Despite its reauthorization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Securing National Historic Trail designa-tion will permanently ensure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of the Corridor Preservation Program. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote col-laboration among the communities, busi-nesses, non-profit organizations, and state 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.012 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4756 June 5, 2018 
agencies to help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66. Sincerely, D
AVID KNUDSON , Executive Director. 
OCTOBER 1, 2016. The Route 66 Association of Illinois sup-ports the designation of Route 66 as a Na-tional Historic Trail. This designation will provide much needed support to preserve the ionic features of Route 66 and maximize the benefits available to Heritage tourism. In 1999 the National Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, and this has assisted with the domestic and international tourism destination. Illinois has benefitted from 26 of these grants since 2001. These grants, totaling over $248,000.00 were all matching grants that ben-efitted businesses and communities through-out the entire state. The continuation of these economic bene-fits is in jeopardy. The Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset (end) in 2019. Securing the National Historic Trail designation will permanently ensure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of The Corridor Preservation pro-gram. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among the com-munities, non-profit organizations, and state agencies that help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66 to discover America. The National Trail will provide a cohesive experience along the route, assisted by the individual state associations and byway programs. The Route 66 Association of Illinois strong-ly supports this designation. C
ATHIE STEVANOVICH , President, Route 66 Association of Illinois. 
ROUTE 66 A SSOCIATION OF MISSOURI , February 6, 2017. The Route 66 Association of Missouri sup-ports the designation of Route 66 as a Na-tional Historic Trail at this time but re-serves the right to amend our decision when other details become available. This designa-tion will provide much needed support to preserve the iconic features of 66 and maxi-mize the benefits available through heritage tourism. Route 66 has served as an economic engine since the 1920s. It brought significant com-merce in serving the travelling public with restaurants, motels, gas stations, and mer-chandise. Unfortunately, it was eventually replaced with the interstate system. As a re-sult, many communities, businesses, attrac-tions, and individuals suffered economic loss. In 1999 Congress created the Corridor Preser-vation Program to help revitalize and pro-mote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating Route 66, helping reinvent the road as a do-mestic and international tourism destina-tion. The Route 66 Corridor Preservation Pro-gram is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Securing National Historic Trail designation will per-manently ensure a Federal focus on Route 66 that will help preserve and promote Route 66 and its historic role in developing America through strong partnerships between the Na-tional Park Service and the communities, non-profit organizations, and state organiza-tions along this important historic road.’’ National Historic Trail designation for Route 66 will be of significant economic and cultural benefit. Accordingly, the Route 66 Association of Missouri supports the des-ignation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. Sincerely, TOMMY G. P IKE, President. 
SEPTEMBER 20, 2016. The Kansas Historic Route 66 Association supports the designation of Route 66 as a Na-tional Historic Trail. This designation will provide much needed support to preserve the iconic features of Route 66 and maximize the benefits available through heritage tourism. Route 66 has served as a true economic en-gine since the 1920s. First it brought signifi-cant commerce in serving the travelling pub-lic with restaurants, motels, gas stations, and merchandise. Unfortunately, it was soon replaced with the interstate system and the communities that are located along the 13.2 mile stretch in Kansas such as Galena, Riv-erton and Baxter Springs suffered economic loss as a result. However, in 1999 the Na-tional Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigo-rating the Route 66 Corridor, reinventing the road as a domestic and international tourism destination. This has resulted in: Tourism visits both foreign and domestic Sales tax revenue Grants for revitalization of the Phillips 66 Visitor Center, Rainbow Bridge and the Ga-lena Viaduct Established museum or tourism center Opened new businesses like Cars on the Route, Angels on the Route and Cafe ´on the Route Festivals Bus tours, Motorcycle tours and Bicycle tours Protecting our historic resources, estab-lishing Historical Districts and placing Icons on Historical registers The continuation of these economic bene-fits may be in jeopardy, however. Despite its reauthorization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Securing Na-tional Historic Trail designation will perma-nently ensure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of the Corridor Preservation Program. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among the communities, non-profit organi-zations, and state agencies that help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66 to discover Amer-ica. National Historic Trail designation for Route 66 will be of significant benefit to our 13.2 miles of Route 66 in Kansas and the com-munities along that route. We strongly sup-port designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. Sincerely, R
ENEE CHARLES , President, Kansas Historic Route 66 Association. 
APRIL 28, 2017. The New Mexico Route 66 Association strongly supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail Memorializing Route 66 as a National Historic Trail will provide much needed support to preserve and promote iconic features of Route 66 in New Mexico, as well as across the other seven states through which the Mother Road runs. In 1999, the U S. Congress authorized the National Park Service to create the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this historic road This Corridor Preservation Program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Cor-ridor, helping to reinvent the road as a do-mestic and international tourism destina-tion However, with that program scheduled to sunset in 2019, the virtually unanimous congressional support for the internationally popular road will not be sustained Although Congress reauthorized the ten-year Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program in 2009, we are told that another reauthorization is un-likely The National Historic Trails program, with assured permanent funding and connec-tion with many other historic corridors will sustain federal focus and provide a far more secure and more broadly supportive haven. We are totally dedicated to the preserva-tion, promotion, and enjoyment of the his-toric corridor in New Mexico and are com-mitted to helping insure that National His-toric Trail designation will continue the work of the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program. In the process, a Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among communities, non-profit organiza-tions, and state organizations such as our New Mexico Route 66 Association that help preserve and promote Route 66. Warmly, MELISSA LEABEASLEY . 
OCTOBER 3, 2016. The Oklahoma Route 66 Association sup-ports the designation of Route 66 as a Na-tional Historic Trail. This designation will provide much needed support to preserve the iconic features of Route 66 and maximize the benefits available through heritage tourism. Route 66 has served as a true economic en-gine since the 1920s. First it brought signifi-cant commerce in serving the travelling pub-lic with restaurants, motels, gas stations, and merchandise. Unfortunately, it was soon replaced with the interstate system and Oklahoma Route 66 communities suffered economic loss as a result. However, in 1999 the National Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revi-talize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for thereinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, re-inventing the road as a domestic and inter-national tourism destination. This has resulted in Overnight tourism visits Sales tax revenue Grants for revitalization of many places and signs Bus tours Protecting our historic resources Assisted city governments with revitaliza-tion projects The continuation of these economic bene-fits may be in jeopardy. Despite its reauthor-ization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Cor-ridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Securing National Historic Trail designation will permanently ensure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of the Corridor Preservation Pro-gram. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among the com-munities, non-profit organizations, and state agencies that help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66 to discover America. It also creates an updated version of the trails program with the inclusion of a more modern-day trail. National Historic Trail designation for Route 66 will be of significant benefit to the Oklahoma Route 66 Association. We strongly support designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. Sincerely, B
RADNICKSON , President, Oklahoma Route 66 Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.019 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4757 June 5, 2018 
[From Arizona’s Historic Route 66 National Scenic Byway Program, May 30, 2017] 
SUPPORT FOR THE ROUTE 66 NATIONAL TRAILS  
INITIATIVE  On behalf of the Arizona Historic Route 66 National Scenic Byway Program, a Route 66 community’s grass-roots collaborative, I ap-preciate this opportunity to show support for the Historic Route 66 National Trails Initia-tive. We believe this all-important, non-pa-trician initiative is key to the successful preservation, protection, and promotion of America’s most iconic route into the future. We appreciate you sharing our letter of sup-port with the appropriate entities. As you know, Historic Route 66, dotted with mom and pop businesses, neon signs, and eclectic roadside attractions tells the story of America’s historical move west. Contrasted with the other highways of its day, the creation of this 2,448-mile ‘‘super highway’’ in 1926 did not follow a tradition-ally linear course. Instead its diagonal path linked hundreds of rural communities across eight states and became the principal east- west artery making it the Main Street of America. Like the country that the road tra-versed, history was made and imprints were left by the Roaring Twenties, the Great De-pression, the war years, and the road trips of the fifties and sixties Recognizing the significance of Route 66 as an economic driver and historic treasure, in 1999 the U.S. Congress authorized the Na-tional Park Service to create the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program. This pro-gram has guided the eight states through historic preservation projects, and reestab-lishing the Route as a one-of-a-kind travel experience. It has also opened lines of com-munication between communities as well as between states and other key component for future successes. Gratefully Congress reauthorized the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program in 2009, but this stand-alone program is once again due to end in 2019 and there is still much work to be done. Exploring a more se-cure future for Historic Route 66, it became clear early on that Route 66 would be a per-fect addition to the National Historic Trails Program adding an American treasure to the collection, and opening new avenues for con-tinued historic preservation and promotion of Route 66. The Arizona National Scenic Byway Program is committed to making this important initiative become a reality for the future of our communities and at-tractions. S
HARLENE FOUSER , Byway Coordinator, Arizona’s Historic Route 66 All-Amer-ican Road. 
SEPTEMBER 26, 2016. The Old Route 66 Association of Texas sup-ports the designation of Route 66 as a Na-tional Historic Trail. This designation will provide much needed support to preserve the iconic features of Route 66 and maximize the benefits available through heritage tourism. Route 66 has served as a true economic en-gine since the 1920s but when it was replaced with the interstate system in the 1970s, the Texas Panhandle from Shamrock to Glenrio was changed forever. However, in 1999 the National Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this his-toric road. This program has been a signifi-cant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, reinventing the road as a domestic and international tourism destination. For Texas’ stretch of Route 66 this has re-sulted in— increased visitation, especially from inter-national tourists. increased local and state sales tax revenue. new and reopened businesses along the route. regional and national festivals along the route. bus tours including Texas in their Route 66 itineraries. cooperative marketing amongst federal, state and local organizations. increased awareness of protecting our his-toric Route 66 resources. The continuation of these economic bene-fits may be in jeopardy, however. Despite re-authorization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is sched-uled to sunset in 2019. Securing National His-toric Trail designation will permanently en-sure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of the Corridor Preserva-tion Program. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among the communities, non-profit organizations, and state agencies that help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66 to discover America. National Historic Trail designation for Route 66 will be of significant benefit to the Texas Panhandle. The Old Route 66 Associa-tion of Texas strongly supports this designa-tion. Sincerely, DORAMERONEY , President, Old Route 66 Association of Texas. 
OCTOBER 1, 2016. The California Historic Route 66 Associa-tion strongly supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. This national commemoration will provide much needed support for preserving and promoting iconic features of Route 66 in California, as well as across the other seven states through which the Mother Road passes. In 1999, the U.S. Congress authorized the National Park Service to create the Route 66 Corridor or Preservation Program to revi-talize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, helping to reinvent the road as a domestic and inter-national tourism destination. However, with that program scheduled to sunset in 2019, the virtually unanimous con-gressional support for the internationally popular road will not be sustained. Although Congress reauthorized the ten-year Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program in 2009, we are told that another reauthorization is un-likely. The National Historic Trails pro-gram, with assured permanent funding and connection with many other historic cor-ridors will sustain federal focus and provide a far more secure and more broadly sup-portive haven. We are totally dedicated to the preserva-tion, promotion, and enjoyment of the his-toric corridor in California and are com-mitted to helping insure that National His-toric Trail designation will continue the work of the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program. In the process, a Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among communities, non-profit organiza-tions, and state organizations such as our California Historic Route 66 Association that help preserve and promote Route 66. Sincerely, G
LENDUNCAN , President, California Historic Route 66 Association. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, with that, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ) will control the rest of the debate for the minority. There was no objection. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 801, which establishes Route 66 as the 20th national historic trail as part of the National Trails System. I want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative LAHOOD, for introducing the legislation and letting me be a co-sponsor. I want to thank Chairman B
ISHOP and Ranking Member G RIJALVA  for their support in moving this bill through the committee. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. L
AHOODstated, it is an economic boon for the cities that have Route 66. It runs east and west through my district, known as Foothill Boulevard and Huntington Drive, in the cities of La Verne, San Dimas, Azusa, Duarte, and Monrovia. In fact, one of my cities is already highlighting and doing celebrations of Route 66. At swap meets, they are al-ready selling Route 66 T-shirts and par-aphernalia. Our local restaurants, our shops, our businesses, like so many others dotting the highway from the heartland to the West Coast, provide rest breaks for travelers, allowing them to sample the local flavors of communities that are proud to be connected by the iconic road. H.R. 801 is needed because the cur-rent preservation under the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is ex-piring in 2019. So we need to, under H.R. 801, continue to recognize and pro-mote Route 66 through the national historic trail designation, which will bring Federal resources for the reha-bilitation and improvement of this Mother Road. It runs from Chicago all the way to Santa Monica in the State of California. We have cities that are very excited about being able to celebrate it in the 100th year. This Federal assistance will be used in coordination with cities and stakeholders for the preservation of property, artifacts, memorabilia, and other historical items. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 801, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I want to add my support to this par-ticular bill. We are talking about 2,400 miles going from Chicago to Santa Monica. It was, at one time, called the Main Street of America. It is unique in American history. I was just talking to the sponsor of this particular piece of legislation who does not remember the TV show. I still remember ‘‘Route 66’’ as one of my fa-vorite shows. I still want to go on that route and in the same Corvette that they had. Mr. Speaker, if others are too young to remember that, learn history. That is why we are history teachers around here. I will yield to Mrs. N
APOLITANO to ask if she remembers the show. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.028 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4758 June 5, 2018 
b1730 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, yes, I do. Not only that, but I remem-ber the song that included Route 66. He will remember that, if he is young enough. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, it is running through my head right now. This is a good piece of legislation. This is more than just nostalgia. This actually helps preserve our history. It is the right thing to do. I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 801, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FREE VETERANS FROM FEES ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3997) to waive the application fee for any special use permit for vet-erans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3997 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Free Veterans from Fees Act’’. 
SEC. 2. WAIVER OF SPECIAL USE PERMIT APPLI-CATION FEE FOR VETERANS DEM-ONSTRATIONS AND SPECIAL EVENTS. 
(a) W AIVER .—The application fee for any spe-cial use permit solely for a veterans demonstra-tion or special event at war memorials on Fed-eral land shall be waived. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
EMONSTRATION ; SPECIAL EVENT .—The terms ‘‘demonstration’’ and ‘‘special event’’ have the meaning given those terms in section 7.96 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code. (3) V
ETERANS DEMONSTRATION OR SPECIAL  
EVENT .—The term ‘‘veterans demonstration or special event’’ means a demonstration or special event whose primary purpose is to commemo-rate, or honor either a group of people because of their service as veterans or immediate family members of veterans. (4) W
AR MEMORIAL .—The term ‘‘war memo-rial’’ means any tangible object which has been erected or dedicated to commemorate— (A) war, conflict, victory, or peace; (B) casualties who served in, were affected by, or killed as a result of war, conflict, or peace-keeping; or (C) those who died as a result of accident or disease while engaged in military service. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to any special use permit application submitted after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) APPLICABILITY OF EXISTING LAWS.—Permit applicants remain subject to all other laws, reg-ulations, and policies regarding the application, issuance and execution of special use permits for a veterans demonstration or special event at war memorials on Federal land. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. N
APOLI -
TANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), the author of this par-ticular piece of legislation. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I also thank the chairman, as well as members on the Subcommittee on Federal Lands, especially Chairman T
OMMCCLINTOCK , for their unanimous support of my bi-partisan bill, the Free Veterans from Fees Act. I would also like to thank my colleague, the Congresswoman from Hawaii, T
ULSI GABBARD , in co-leading this bipartisan effort. Throughout the year, veteran groups visit our national war memorials to take part in honor buses and honor flights and other commemorations that require special use permits issued by the National Park Service. The permit application requires, without excep-tion, that a fee be submitted along with the completed permit application. Specifically, here in our Nation’s Cap-ital, The National Mall charges $120 for public gatherings and special events. The Free Veterans from Fees Act would waive the application fee associ-ated with special use permits for any veteran demonstration or special event at war memorials on Federal land. We have a solemn obligation to stand with our veterans. They stood for us. We must stand for them. This simple bill is about fostering a culture in which all veterans are valued for their service and sacrifice to our country. The least we can do is to make it easier for groups of veterans and their fami-lies to visit national war memorials so they can honor the contributions of our men and women in uniform. I have the privilege of serving the many military members and veterans who live and work in western Pennsyl-vania. Many of these veterans come to-gether to help their fellow veterans and their families by pooling their time, energy, and financial resources to orga-nize bus trips. In fact, a recent trip from western Pennsylvania happened just this past month. I had the privilege to welcome these veterans and their families to the World War II Memorial here in Wash-ington, D.C. This honor bus was orga-nized by a remarkable couple, Jerry and Lydian Fisher of Beaver County, who have a heart for service and a real commitment and devotion to these trips since 2006. Veterans want to help each other, and this is proof. I consider it a privi-lege to meet the men and women whom Jerry and Lydian bring to Washington. On the most recent trip, we even wel-comed a 100-year-old World War II vet-eran, Charles Wiggins from Wilkinsburg. The men and women who are willing to die for this country should be given every opportunity to commemorate their service, the sacrifices of their fel-low servicemembers, and the hardships faced by those left behind. Assessing fees from the very people these memo-rials were built to honor is unaccept-able and unnecessary. Our veterans were willing to stop at nothing to defend our Nation. We, as a nation, should stop at nothing to en-sure our obligation to honor them is fulfilled. Our veterans deserve this leg-islation. It is just one more simple step to honor them. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3997 waives the special use permit application fees for veterans’ demonstrations and special events at national war memorials. I agree with my colleague. It is time that we recognize that our veterans de-serve to be able to use this holy land for special events at national war me-morials. This is a commonsense bill that will make it easier for veterans’ groups to organize events at national memorials and other public lands. I thank Mr. B
ISHOP from the major-ity for helping us work to ensure that the bill covers Gold Star families. I thank him very much for that. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this is a very good piece of legislation. For those who have served well, to subject them to another application fee is just ridiculous. If there was ever an example of a good idea, a no-brainer piece of legislation, this is it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, our vet-erans, our servicemembers, and their families sacrificed greatly in service to our country, with some paying the ul-timate price, sacrificing all. For those who do come home, there are often visible and invisible wounds that they carry with them for a very long time—if not for the rest of their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.032 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4759 June 5, 2018 
lives. It is our solemn responsibility as a country to stand by them, to ensure that they receive the care and the serv-ices and the respect that they have earned and that they deserve through their service. So the fact that, today, a veteran or a Gold Star family member who wants to use a national war memorial for a special event—whether it is a vigil, a religious service, a parade, or any other kind of event—is slapped with an application fee by the National Park Service costing anywhere from $70 to over $100 is, frankly, unacceptable. Our war memorials are often a place of healing, a place where our brothers and sisters in uniform, our fellow vet-erans, gather to remember those whom they served with who never made that trip home, for Gold Star family mem-bers to go and pay homage to and share new memories with their loved one that has been lost. This is a gathering place that is so important both for those who have served and those who remember and honor those who have sacrificed everything. It is unaccept-able that our Nation’s heroes have to pay a fee to honor our fallen brothers and sisters in this way. This legislation is necessary, and we have the oppor-tunity to get it passed today. I appreciate the leadership of my col-league from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), someone who I know person-ally is deeply committed to serving and honoring our veterans and never for-getting the cost of war and who pays the price. We introduced this legislation to waive the application fee for veterans and Gold Star families applying for a permit at war memorials on Federal land because this legislation honors the special bond between veterans that spans across conflicts and generations that we see displayed in this country, most prominently on Veterans Day and Memorial Day, but something that goes on throughout the year. We must continue to honor this into the future. This simple change in this legislation will lift this financial and bureaucratic burden that our veterans face as they pay their respects, remember the lives and sacrifices of their friends, and our Gold Star family members of their loved ones. I want to thank the men and women of the National Park Service who work to make sure that our war memorials are kept up and reflective places for healing, and I thank my colleague for his leadership and the support of the committee to bring this bill to the floor today. I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I have no more speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, we have no more speakers, but may I add that I agree with what Ms. G
ABBARD  said. It is unnecessary to bill any kind of fee to our veterans or the organiza-tions that honor them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3997, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 40 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
EED) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 5005, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2991, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 5655, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY OF JAMES WELDON JOHNSON BIRTHPLACE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5005) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special re-source study to determine the suit-ability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon John-son in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 374, nays 5, not voting 48, as follows: [Roll No. 231] YEAS—374 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.034 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4760 June 5, 2018 
Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—5 
Amash Biggs Harris Jones Massie 
NOT VOTING—48 
Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bilirakis Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Ca´rdenas Cummings Denham Duncan (TN) Ellison Gaetz Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hunter Hurd Issa Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham, M. McKinley McNerney Noem O’Rourke Palazzo Perlmutter Polis Richmond Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rosen Sa´nchez Sherman Sires Smith (MO) Swalwell (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1855 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 231. 
f 
SUSQUEHANNA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2991) to es-tablish the Susquehanna National Her-itage Area in the State of Pennsyl-vania, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 373, nays 9, not voting 45, as follows: [Roll No. 232] YEAS—373 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—9 
Amash Biggs Buck Garrett Gosar Griffith Jones Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—45 
Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bilirakis Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Ca´rdenas Cummings Denham Duncan (TN) Ellison Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hunter Issa Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham, M. McNerney Noem O’Rourke Palazzo Perlmutter Polis Richmond Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rosen Sa´nchez Sherman Sires Smith (MO) Swalwell (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1905 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CAMP NELSON HERITAGE NATIONAL MONUMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5655) to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 376, nays 4, not voting 47, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.017 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4761 June 5, 2018 
[Roll No. 233] YEAS—376 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—4 
Amash Griffith Harris Jones 
NOT VOTING—47 
Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bilirakis Black Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Ca´rdenas Collins (GA) Cummings Denham Duncan (TN) Ellison Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hunter Issa Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham, M. McNerney Noem O’Rourke Palazzo Perlmutter Polis Richmond Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rosen Sa´nchez Sherman Sires Smith (MO) Swalwell (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1913 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, June 5, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and was unable to make votes that evening. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall 231, H.R. 5005—To direct the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a special re-source study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Flor-ida, as a unit of the National Park System; rollcall 232, H.R. 2991—Susquehanna Na-tional Heritage Area Act; and, rollcall 233, H.R. 5655—Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument Act. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 2846 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 2846, a bill originally introduced by Representative Farenthold of Texas, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. NORMAN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania? There was no objection. 
f 
b1915 PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPON-SOR OF H. RES. 282 Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the pri-mary sponsor of H. Res. 282, a resolu-tion originally introduced by Rep-resentative D
ENTof Pennsylvania, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings, pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
f 
WITHDRAWING AND REVISING PREVIOUSLY PROPOSED RESCIS-SIONS OF BUDGET AUTHORITY— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–130) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: In accordance with section 1014(c) of the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 685(c)), I am withdrawing four previously proposed rescissions and re-porting revisions to six rescissions pre-viously transmitted to the Congress. The withdrawals are for the Federal Highway Administration Miscellaneous Appropriations and Miscellaneous Highway Trust Funds accounts of the Department of Transportation, the En-vironmental Programs and Manage-ment account of the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Inter-national Disaster Assistance account of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. The six revised rescissions, totaling $896 million, affect the programs of the Departments of Agriculture, Housing and Urban Devel-opment, Labor, and the Treasury, as well as the Corporation for National and Community Service. The details of the rescission with-drawals and each revised rescission are contained in the attached reports. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 5, 2018. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SAVE DURING PRIDE MONTH (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.021 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4762 June 5, 2018 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate Pride Month, I would like to congratulate SAVE, S-A-V-E, an or-ganization in my congressional district that works around the clock to pro-mote, protect, and defend LGBTQ equality. For many years, I have been proud to partner with SAVE to create much- needed public understanding of gender identity and, hence, foster an even more inclusive south Florida commu-nity. This Friday, June 8, this wonderful organization will host its 25th anniver-sary gala, where it will honor the 2018 equality champions: Miami Beach Po-lice Chief Daniel Oates and the head of business operations of our very own Miami Heat, Eric Woolworth. It is because of groups like SAVE, champions like Daniel and Eric, and committed individuals throughout our communities that we will guarantee that our American values of freedom and opportunity are shared by all. So, thank you, Daniel and Eric; and thank you to my pal and SAVE’s Exec-utive Director, Tony Lima, and to the entire SAVE team for all that you do to promote LGBTQ inclusion and make our slice of paradise in south Florida an even better place in which to live. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize June as Gun Violence Aware-ness Month and to ask my colleagues across the aisle: How many lives must we sacrifice at the altar of the gun lobby before Congress says enough is enough? I saw in the news today that David Hogg, one of the Parkland survivors, wore a price tag instead of his tassel to his graduation. It is said that he is worth about $1.05. That is how much David calculated the NRA spent per student to help elect an NRA-aligned United States Senator in Florida. Mr. Speaker, our children deserve more. Mr. Speaker, our children are worth more. The NRA spends millions of dollars in our elections, but all the American people get is ‘‘no Republican action’’— NRA—because that is what the gun lobby pays for. Well, Mr. Speaker, our young people know what is up, and they are reg-istering to vote because they know they are worth more than just a dollar and a nickel. 
f 
FIGHTING ALZHEIMER’S (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, 5.7 mil-lion Americans cope with Alzheimer’s every day. Every 65 seconds, another American contracts the disease. It is the sixth leading cause of death in our country, and two-thirds of its victim are women. Alzheimer’s is a very progressive dis-ease where dementia symptoms gradu-ally worsen over a number of years. We don’t yet have a cure for Alz-heimer’s, but we’re helping provide the resources now to find that cure. The re-cent budget that we just passed in-cludes a $414 million increase in fund-ing for research into Alzheimer’s, for a total of $1.8 billion. I am also proud to be a cosponsor of the BOLD Infrastructure for Alz-heimer’s Act, a bipartisan bill which dedicates new resources to the fight against Alzheimer’s, because it is time, Mr. Speaker, we put an end to a disease that is costing Americans $277 billion every year. f 
GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize National Gun Violence Awareness Month and the 33,000 Amer-ican lives lost each year to gun vio-lence. These tragedies are preventable, Mr. Speaker, and it is truly shameful that Congress has yet to take meaningful action to address this epidemic. Even more appalling is the fact that 1,300 of these deaths are children, young lives cut short by meaningless and avoidable violence. Last month I introduced the Child Gun Access Prevention Act, which would prevent children from accessing guns by holding gun owners responsible when they leave their firearms un-locked. Millions of children live in homes with unsecured guns, Mr. Speaker, and they are at an increased risk of unin-tentional shootings and youth suicides. We have also seen the devastation caused when a child takes a parent’s gun to school with the intention of causing harm. A child should never ac-cess a gun unsupervised. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. We absolutely must do more to protect our children from gun violence. 
f 
LOPEZ MEXICAN RESTAURANT (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I know the people watching back home can’t see my tie, but this tie is a tribute to great Mexican food. It has tortilla chips, a bowl of queso, and jalapenos. Why do I have on this special tie? It is a tribute to a Fort Bend icon: Lopez Mexican Restaurant. The husband and wife to my left, Rodrigo and Bertha, started Lopez in 1979. They were joined by their kids: Jonathan, Jose, and Ana. Lopez was always full. We prayed a new one would open. Those prayers were answered last month. The second Lopez opened next to another Houston icon: Mattress Mack. For 40 years, the Lopez family has had one solemn promise: Every day, and for generations to come, the res-taurant will focus on service, value, and cleanliness to ensure the guest al-ways leaves satisfied. Those promises have been kept. ‘‘Welcome to your new home,’’ ‘‘bienvenidos a su casa nueva.’’ f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, in our increasingly competitive world, a 4-year college may not be for everyone, but a postsecondary edu-cation has to be. As we address this reality, it is vital that we recognize the vital role of ca-reer and technical education. That is why I am proud to have served as the Democratic lead on the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act and to have worked with my colleagues from both parties throughout this process. Our bill will bring the Carl D. Per-kins grant program into the 21st cen-tury by increasing funding and bring-ing educators and business leaders to-gether to develop curricula to prepare students for in-demand fields. The House passed this bill unani-mously last year, and now I want to en-courage the Senate to take up this leg-islation. Through investing in our citi-zens and our economy, this bill will help families across the country join and stay in the middle class. 
f 
NEW YORK’S RUN FOR THE FALLEN (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, it is vi-tally important to remember the sac-rifices of America’s fallen servicemem-bers and their families every day. Today I rise to recognize a special trib-ute to those who paid the ultimate sac-rifice. This weekend, the New York Run for the Fallen will travel across the 22nd District to pay homage to our Nation’s fallen heroes. The run seeks to honor the families and the sacrifices of those who answered the call to serve our great Nation. Leading the charge in our commu-nity is Kristi Mangine, an advocate for our veterans and member of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.045 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4763 June 5, 2018 
Colgate University community. She is also a core runner for the New York chapter and has recruited a number of members of our community to partici-pate in this great tribute. The event is a 175-mile run across the State of New York, each mile rep-resenting one hero killed who served during the war on terror, including Op-eration Iraqi Freedom, Operation En-during Freedom, and Operation New Dawn. I would like to thank Kristi Mangine and those involved in this year’s run for inviting me to participate in this important event to honor those who paid the ultimate sacrifice in our Na-tion’s longest running overseas con-flict. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to also join us, as well as any community members who have a moment to pick up a time slot for one of our fallen he-roes and give them a special tribute to their sacrifice. 
f 
DEFENDING OUR COAST (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve policies that will protect our planet, keep loved ones healthy, and preserve access to clean air, water, and land for future genera-tions. Lately, there has been a relentless assault on the environmental policies that were crafted to protect us, includ-ing the commonsense prohibition of offshore drilling in the Atlantic. De-spite the Defense Department stating that offshore drilling may impede and hamper military readiness activities, the American people were told that our oceans were open for exploitation. Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable. That is why, today, I introduced the bi-partisan Defend Our Coast Act with my friend, Congressman W
ALTER JONES of North Carolina. The Defend Our Coast Act will prohibit the Department of the Interior from issuing leases for the exploration, development, or produc-tion of oil and gas on the Outer Conti-nental Shelf in the mid-Atlantic. Prior tragedies such as Deepwater Horizon’s oil spill proved that drilling accidents can be dangerous, expensive, and life-threatening. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to bring the Defend Our Coast Act up for a vote. Offshore drilling neg-atively impacts our coastal commu-nities. It is not worth the risk. Let us commit ourselves to leaving the Earth a healthier and safer place for future generations. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CASS COUNTY SHERIFF’S DEPUTIES (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, every community has peace officers who put their lives on the line every day to pro-tect their communities, and we don’t say thank you nearly often enough. Today I rise to recognize four very special school resource deputies of the Cass County Sheriff’s Office who have been given the Model Agency Award, which is the top honor that is given by the National Association of School Re-source Officers. This award recognizes the work of law enforcement officers who promote safer schools and safer children, and they singled out the Cass County pro-gram as ‘‘a shining example of the school resource officers program.’’ The deputies work with students at Kindred, Maple Valley, Central Cass, Northern Cass, and Mapleton Elemen-tary Schools. Supervised by Sergeant Tim Briggeman and under the com-mand of Captain Jesse Jahner, the dep-uties are Jason Scott, Joe Crawford, Chris Potter, and Dan Hermann. Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney calls these officers the ‘‘best of the best.’’ On behalf of all North Dakotans, I congratulate them and thank Sheriff Laney and his entire staff for the high bar of excellence they deliver in serv-ing all the citizens of Cass County. f 
b1930 HONORING THE LIFE OF TARA ROE SMITH (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Tara Roe Smith. Tara attended the Route 91 fes-tival in Las Vegas on October 1. She lived in Okotoks, Alberta, Canada, where she was a wonderful mother to her two kids, Lennon and Louis, and was a loving wife to her husband Zach. Tara was a hard worker who modeled with Sophia Models International, worked as an educational assistant with children with autism, and was about to be promoted to be a manager at a restaurant where she was a wait-ress. Tara was very active and loved danc-ing, swimming, and being at her favor-ite summer spot, Clear Lake. Going to the Route 91 festival was an annual tradition for Tara and her husband. They would be there every year to cele-brate their anniversary. Tara was dedicated to her commu-nity, and if she had survived, her hus-band has no doubt that she would have done everything she could to help those who were victims of the Las Vegas shooting. She was a very caring spirit who greeted everyone with a friendly face. I would like to extend my condolences to Tara Roe Smith’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. REPEAL FEDERAL EXCISE TAX ON HEAVY TRUCKS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on behalf of a bill I have introduced, H.R. 2946, which would re-peal the burdensome 12 percent Federal excise tax on heavy trucks, known as the FET. It was first created to help fund World War I—that is right, World War I, 100 years ago. The antiquated FET is the highest excise tax levied by the Federal Government today. The finan-cial and regulatory burdens created by the FET hurts truck retailers, drivers, and businesses across the country. It depresses the market for newer heavy- duty trucks, which are cleaner, more efficient, and everybody in government seems to be clamoring for them to be replaced for those reasons. A repeal of this outdated legislation would seek to promote the use of more modern trucks on our roads—again, something government seems to want and demand. By incorporating this re-peal effort into any future infrastruc-ture funding measure, Congress can re-build our Nation’s crumbling road sys-tem while ensuring our commercial truck fleet is both cleaner and safer. I urge my colleagues to support in-clusion of this bipartisan bill and re-peal the FET, which only hampers eco-nomic growth and discontinues truck replacement, which is what everybody seems to want. 
f 
BENEFITS OF TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material in the R
ECORD on this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, when I last had the honor to host a Special Order, the House was de-bating the merits of tax reform, and in that debate, supporters of the tax re-form promised higher wages, a stronger economy, greater opportunity, and shared prosperity. Six months after President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law, the results are in, and we can now confidently say that the days of a weak and sluggish economy are behind us. America is again a rising Nation. America is again a Nation where fami-lies are able to keep more of what they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.046 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4764 June 5, 2018 
earn. America is growing and advanc-ing to the economic prosperity that our workers and our businesses well de-serve. But the American people don’t need us to tell them that because they are feeling the effects of tax reform every single day. Capital One, Wells Fargo, Waste Management, JetBlue, Comcast, American Airlines, Walmart, BB&T, and Nationwide Mutual Insurance are among the hundreds of businesses, large and small, across this land that have given pay raises and bonuses and 401(k) match increases to their hard-working employees because of the his-toric tax reform that we were able to achieve. These bonuses are not going just to a lucky few, because the statistics are in as well. More than 4 million Ameri-cans, and counting, have already re-ceived tax reform bonuses. Thanks to tax reform, at least 95 utilities have lowered their rates, and that means that some 87 million Americans not only have more money in their pock-ets, they are paying lower electric bills and gas bills and water bills, and that really matters. Additionally, unemployment is down and confidence is up. We are looking at 3.8 percent unemployment rate. It is the lowest it has been in nearly 20 years, and 90 percent of Americans are experiencing a higher take-home pay. According to the Gallup Poll organi-zation, nearly 7 in 10 Americans believe now is a good time to find a quality job, and they were not incorrect in that assumption. There are now more job openings in America than there are Americans seeking jobs. America is back. For years, the previous administra-tion attempted to control the Amer-ican economy from Washington, but the results speak for themselves. The free enterprise system inevitably out-performs central planning because it places its confidence in the people in-stead of in the government. The economic principles put in place by this Congress have had an immeas-urable impact. It is continuing every day, and hardworking Americans are enjoying more of the fruits of their labor, industry is growing, and the Na-tion is becoming more confident as the economy strengthens. For the remainder of this hour, Mr. Speaker, a number of Members of this Congress are going to address this same issue, and I would now yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gen-tleman for putting this Special Order together. It is very important. Mr. Speaker, in the 1980s, it was known for big hair, big bangs—I know my sister had bangs about to here. I made that up. Maybe it was here— parachute pants, mullets, and all sorts of other things that we now recognize were awful ideas. We have updated our thoughts, but we were still living with a Tax Code from the 1980s, a Tax Code that was 32 years old, a Tax Code that simply made the United States uncompetitive in re-gard to other nations. Mr. Speaker, if you think about it for just a minute, if we served hamburgers right here and, across the street, you had a place that served the exact same product and they sold it for half the price, how long would we be in busi-ness? How long would we still have a restaurant right here? It wouldn’t exist. It would eventually go out of business because, across the street, they have the same product for half the price. Mr. Speaker, the Tax Code of the United States was placing that burden, that penalty, or that uncompetitive nature on businesses in the United States. They were able to go out and invest in other countries and pay a fraction of the price that they were paying in the United States. So we updated the Tax Code in De-cember, as the gentleman, the previous speaker noted. Back in the 1980s, and— excuse me, the 1960s, just to give some metric for comparison—17 of the top global companies had headquarters right here in the United States. Yet, last year, it dropped down to just 6— just 6, because companies were going to other countries where they could get that lower rate. And, as the gentleman noted, we have seen billions of dollars invested in companies invested in workers. We are seeing the lowest unemployment rate in years for women, for African Ameri-cans, for Hispanics—6.6 million jobs available today, one of the highest numbers we have seen in history in available jobs today. This is working. Mr. Speaker, this is being com-plemented with regulatory relief. This is being complemented with removing or rescinding old regulations, updating and making it more efficient so we can compete on a global scale with coun-tries around the world. The tax bill is working, and it is extraordinary the success that we are seeing. For example, back in April, we saw the highest tax surplus in history for that month. I believe it was $213 billion in surplus revenues collected. It is ex-traordinary growth we are seeing, and as the previous speaker noted, America is back. We are taking the handcuffs off of American businesses, allowing American employment opportunities to be available, allowing for better wages, better jobs, and better competi-tion here in the United States. Mr. Speaker, back in my home State of Louisiana, we have seen companies like Spillway Sportsman, where I have spoken to Scott, the owner, expanding facilities and offering more services to customers. We have seen LHC Group, a healthcare company, raising wages, providing more in retirement benefits to their employees, and we have seen Gulf South Bank raising their min-imum wage and investing in bonuses in their employees to ensure that those employees are reaping the benefits from these changes in the Tax Code and the increased competitiveness in the United States. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I will say this again. The tax bill is working. You can look at black and white metrics. You can look at the statistics. You can look at the fundamental change in eco-nomic growth that is happening. And, most importantly, Mr. Speaker, you can see the increased wages. You can see the better employment opportuni-ties that are being offered to American workers as opposed to investments going overseas. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to another gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ) of the Third District. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for al-lowing us to address ‘‘We, the people’’ regarding this very important topic. Mr. Speaker, over the course of the past 500 days, this Congress has worked with President Trump to pass historic tax cuts and regulatory reform. As a result, this is the strongest economy we have seen in two decades. Many of my colleagues across the aisle, whom I respect, continue to pos-ture otherwise, ignoring the facts. They have dismissed our efforts as crumbs, saying that tax cuts are Arma-geddon. But outside of this Chamber, outside of the small bubble that is D.C., the real America exists and real Americans who get it. People concerned with earning an honest living and providing for their families, because of tax reform, those families are seeing new jobs created. They are seeing real wage growth. They are seeing new investments in their communities. Mr. Speaker, I travel throughout the district that I represent. I speak di-rectly to the citizens that I serve. In Lafayette, Abbeville, New Iberia, Lake Charles, everywhere we go, there are real people telling real stories about how tax cuts are improving their lives. Americans that I represent, they have shared their stories about how they are using their tax cut to pay bills, to save for retirement, or to buy new school clothes for the kids. Small business owners across south Louisiana have shared how they are expanding operations and investing in their em-ployees. That is the real impact on families in Louisiana and across Amer-ica. This body spent months debating the merits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I and many of my colleagues projected more jobs, more investment, and a stronger economy. We were right. Those projections have become reality: nearly 3 million new jobs since Presi-dent Trump was elected; 1 million new jobs since we passed historic tax cuts; unemployment at its lowest point in half a century; consumer confidence at a 17-year high; small business opti-mism at an all-time high; and real GDP growth projected at over 4 percent for 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.049 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4765 June 5, 2018 
Let me share that I have read the Book of Revelation. This is no Arma-geddon. This is a historically strong economy fueled by tax cuts and regu-latory reform. Mr. Speaker, America is back. We are open for business, and Americans will continue to benefit from the pro- growth conservative policies of Presi-dent Trump and this Republican Con-gress. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I yield to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ). Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and thank him for his leadership in leading this discussion tonight. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor this evening to discuss the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As a CPA, I knew that re-forming our broken Tax Code would make us competitive in a global econ-omy and would lead us to jobs and prosperity for the American people. I saw firsthand the old Tax Code was a nightmare to comply with, adding ex-cessive time for companies and individ-uals alike to file. b1945 Doubling the standard deduction and streamlining the alternative minimum tax are just two examples within the legislation to simplify the taxpayer ex-perience for millions of Americans. Mr. Speaker, the rhetoric around here and in the press can get out of hand at times, so let’s take a look back at some of the biggest claims about the bill and what the reality is. One of the most common claims I have heard as a Representative from Kansas was that this act was simply the Kansas tax plan on steroids, but that was never the case. Where Kansas eliminated income taxes on certain businesses, the Federal act simply re-duced taxes on all businesses at a com-parable rate to other businesses. With the new Federal rates, all businesses, regardless of size, continue to pay Fed-eral income taxes, just at a lower rate. In fact, the truth is, instead of break-ing the bank, thanks to this bill, the State of Kansas is seeing new revenue to the tune of nearly $140 million or more a year. Mr. Speaker, another one of the most egregious claims was the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would raise taxes on the mid-dle class. Not only was this claim de-bunked by fact checkers, here is what the reality is in my district. A typical family of four in my dis-trict is seeing a Federal income tax cut of just over $2,200. This is on top of bo-nuses paid and utility companies, like Westar Energy and Kansas City Power and Light Company, announcing they would lower utility rates as a result of this tax reform. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, there were claims made that companies would keep the benefits of tax reform and not use it to grow jobs or wages. I would like to share with you an example from my district, which sets the record straight on this notion. The Lawrence Paper Company, which employs hundreds of workers across three locations in Kansas and Ne-braska, has recently committed to in-creasing their post-tax reform invest-ment to $13 million in equipment. The company’s president attributes this in-creased investment as a direct result of the lower taxes and favorable business climate generated by the recently en-acted tax reform. Couple that fact with the same com-pany’s employees receiving hundreds of large bonuses that went toward recov-ering holiday expenses, paying down bills, or reinvesting in their local com-munity, and my point is even more clear. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is put-ting more money in Kansans’ pockets and creating a system that allows our businesses to compete in a global mar-ketplace. I could not be more pleased that Kansans and Kansas businesses are doing their part to get my State and the national economy moving again. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her expertise and testimony. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to speak this evening about the positive effect the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has had back in Arkan-sas’ First District. Major industries, businesses, and families are already ex-periencing financial relief and enjoy having a few more dollars in their pockets. Agriculture is the number one indus-try in my district and in the State, adding around $16 billion to the Arkan-sas economy each year. Considering this, it was imperative that we pass a tax reform package that brings relief to farmers and ensures the next gen-eration will be able to transition into the industry. The old adage that farm-ers die land rich but cash poor pre-sented a serious problem under the pre-vious estate tax exemption. Farming families often struggled to pass the business from one generation to the next. However, by doubling the estate tax exemption in H.R. 1, we are able to bring much-needed support to farming families as they cope with the loss of a loved one and a new genera-tion takes over the farm. Businesses in my district have also experienced savings from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that they passed along to their customers and employees. Be-cause of the lowered corporate tax rate, Entergy Arkansas, which provides electricity to all of the counties in my district, reduced rates for residential and business customers. Ryder truck rental, which has loca-tions in Jonesboro and Stuttgart, pro-vided a one-time bonus to eligible em-ployees. In February, Walmart, which has several locations throughout the State, increased the starting wage rate for all employees to $11 an hour, ex-panded maternity and parental leave benefits, and provided a one-time cash bonus to eligible employees of up to $1,000. Most important are the savings Ar-kansas families will see from taking home more of their hard-earned pay-checks. A middle-income family of four in Arkansas will see a tax cut of $1,900. That is almost $2,000 extra to spend at businesses throughout the State. I am proud to go home to my district and tell my constituents that I voted ‘‘yes’’ on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act because Arkansas farmers, businesses, and fam-ilies are already benefiting from this legislation. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Louisiana for the oppor-tunity to speak tonight in the House Chamber on what the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has had across our country and, particularly, in the Second Congressional District of Ar-kansas. Like for most Americans, Arkansans are actively benefiting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, signed by President Trump at the end of last year, through lower withholding rates—all Americans should check your check and look at the difference in withholding this year versus last year—a streamlined tax fil-ing process, a doubled child tax credit, a doubled standard deduction, Mr. Speaker, that now says 9 out of 10 Ar-kansans living in the Second District can file a simple tax reform and not have to go through the paperwork of itemizing, and flexibility in tax advan-taged savings for their kid’s education has expanded to K through elementary and high school. This helps our fami-lies, Mr. Speaker. I hear numerous examples from Ar-kansans and business people across the district of how they are seeing that benefit manifested besides the changes in their paycheck. My friend, Mr. C
RAWFORD , referenced Entergy Arkansas. All C corps that are utilities in this country are required to share the benefits of our tax cut di-rectly with the households in their electricity bills and their gas bills. Those rates are falling directly propor-tionate with the reduction in tax cut rates to the point that Arkansans will save about $20 a month on a typical electrical bill. I had a woman write me just a few months ago, right after the law passed, saying that she checked her check in February on withholding, and she found that the change in withholding now paid for the health insurance pre-mium that she is covering for her daughter. These are not crumbs, as al-leged by certain leaders in Washington. These are dollars our families get to spend in a way that benefits them. A local banker in my district an-nounced $500 bonuses for each of their 800 employees, Mr. Speaker. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.050 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4766 June 5, 2018 
real money, in addition to the tax sav-ings. That executive at the bank said: 
The tax reform has created the oppor-tunity for us to reward our employees who are working hard each day to both serve our customers and enrich relationships in our communities. 
Those are not crumbs, Mr. Speaker. And to make a statement like calling you keeping more of your money crumbs, that just shows you how out of touch some political leaders are up here in the beltway. Real families in Arkansas and across our country want to have more income for our families. Our businesses want more money to invest because if we in-vest money, we grow our companies faster. We add employees, and we boost the GDP. We are part of that American Dream that we are witnessing with the lowest unemployment rates in decades, the highest optimism in decades. Arkansans and Americans should know that House Republicans are working hard on policies to com-plement the tax reform package to help them keep more of what they earn. I commend my colleagues for the work that we have done to bring Amer-ican families and businesses tax relief. For years to come, there will be bene-fits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. It was a long wait for 30 years to get this change, but it is reminiscent, back in 1963, of President John Kennedy when he argued for tax cuts, stating the goal is to achieve the most prosperous, ex-panding economy. Exactly right, Presi-dent Kennedy. House Republicans share that vision, and we have set a foundation for communities across the country to reap the benefits of their hard work and their contributions to our Nation. These reforms are not only good for our families, they are necessary for faster economic growth. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
OMACK ). Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Lou-isiana for hosting this very important discussion about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As has been mentioned many times in the last several presentations, there is no question that the tax re-form plan passed in this Chamber and in the Senate and signed into law by President Trump is working. Because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the economy is taking a turn for a brighter and much more prosperous fu-ture. Americans are getting to keep more of their hard-earned paychecks. More jobs are being created, and wages are on the rise. Since tax reform was signed into law, the good news keeps coming for hard-working Americans. American busi-nesses are more empowered to invest in their workforces, expand their oper-ations, and simply give back to their communities. In fact, more than 500 businesses, and counting, have in-creased wages, improved employee ben-efits, or awarded bonuses. In Arkansas, the impact is very tan-gible. My friend from the Second Dis-trict, FRENCH HILL, talked about what Entergy Arkansas has been able to do by providing energy customers across our State with $466 million in credits towards the cost of heating and cooling their homes. Families in my district—Arkansas’ Third—are seeing their taxes go down by nearly $2,000 on average, and Third District companies are benefiting Americans nationwide. My friend from Arkansas, Mr. C
RAWFORD , talked about Walmart. Walmart is headquartered in my dis-trict. It increased its starting hourly wage to $11 for more than 1.5 million U.S. associates. The company also ex-panded parental leave benefits, pro-vided a one-time cash bonus for eligible employees of up to $1,000, and is now empowering its employees to obtain a college education. All of this made pos-sible by something as simple as allow-ing companies, businesses, and individ-uals to keep a little more of their hard- earned money. Tyson Foods in my district, Amer-ica’s market leader in protein produc-tion, headquartered in Springdale, is also using this bill to invest in its peo-ple. Tyson Foods provided a one-time bonus to more than 100,000 team mem-bers of between $500 and $1,000. So you can see, Mr. Speaker, thanks to tax reform, there is, indeed, a great-er optimism about the Nation’s eco-nomic future. This fact was confirmed by the Con-gressional Budget Office’s annual base-line, which echoed this apparent opti-mism. As a direct result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, CBO expects that employment will rise, wages and in-come levels will increase, and potential output will grow. Now, who can be op-posed to that? Even more good news. Unemploy-ment, as has been mentioned, is at an 18-year low, and CBO expects busi-nesses will continue to invest in the economy and, over the next 11 years, create nearly 1 million new jobs. Mr. Speaker, I was a proud supporter of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am proud of the benefits it has brought to the American people. I look forward to witnessing its long-lasting benefits for America. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for hosting this. Also, it is an honor to follow my three colleagues from Ar-kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, specifically in the Fourth District of Arkansas. One of the greatest advantages that H.R. 1 provides residents of Arkansas’ Fourth District is an increased stand-ard deduction of $12,000 for single filers and $24,000 for joint filers. In my district, 81.5 percent of resi-dents choose the standard deduction when filing their taxes, and they will now be taxed on a smaller portion of their income. In addition, the child tax credit has been doubled to $2,000 and made partially refundable, a boost for low-income families. Those who itemize their deductions will find most of their previous options still avail-able, including the interest deduction for most mortgages, capital gains de-ductions, and deductions for charitable contributions. An overwhelming number of low- and middle-income Arkansans have bene-fited from the first major tax reform in 36 years. At the same time, these changes have simplified our complex tax laws and encouraged businesses of all sizes to invest in their commu-nities. b2000 Many have committed to increasing wages, paying bonuses to employees, and reinvesting in American jobs and infrastructure, as my colleagues have previously mentioned. Businesses in Arkansas are thriving, and the biggest concern that I hear right now are where do they find labor. We have got a low unemployment rate and there is a huge competition for labor in my district. H.R. 1 also maintained the Federal historic tax credit that was originally championed by Ronald Reagan. Cities, like my hometown of Hot Springs, have relied on the historic tax credit to revi-talize downtowns and create jobs. This tax credit has been used to re-furbish, revitalize, and reinvigorate properties and communities across the Fourth District of Arkansas and across the country. This not only brings eco-nomic prosperity back to these towns and back to these historic areas, but it allows us to keep our history alive for future generations. Passage of tax cuts and the continu-ation of the Historic Tax Credit will continue to propel the economy of Ar-kansas and the country forward. I am proud to have supported it and proud to stand up with my colleagues from The Natural State and around the country to praise its benefits. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for putting this to-gether tonight. Mr. Speaker, Iowa’s economy is hum-ming, paychecks are growing, employ-ers are hiring and investing, unemploy-ment is low. Not too long ago, during National Small Business Week, I visited with the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce to talk about the benefits of the new Tax Code. A small businessowner told me: ‘‘When the new income tax cal-culations came out, my employees all asked why their paychecks were big-ger.’’ The businessowner told them it was because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. They thought there was a mistake. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.052 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4767 June 5, 2018 
But, no, this is real, and workers are feeling the benefits of the tax relief law. A constituent from the Des Moines metro area called the office one day to share with us that his monthly income had gone up $300 because of tax relief. That is real money to Iowans. A resident of Council Bluffs shared he was receiving over $100 more in each paycheck, which he and his wife are using to make their car payments. It is helping Iowans. A small brewery in Glenwood, Iowa, in Mills County called Keg Creek is ex-panding their operations and investing in new equipment as they grow. A manager at Jethro’s BBQ in west-ern Des Moines said: ‘‘Our employees are bringing home more money. Every-one across the board is taking home more money. I can’t be more clear about that.’’ He continued: ‘‘It is helping the peo-ple that work for us.’’ Mr. Speaker, the new tax law is help-ing people across the Third District, throughout all of Iowa, and the coun-try. We see this reflected in data and we just heard it through testimonials. Since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was passed, 1 million jobs, we have heard, have been created; unemployment is at the lowest rate in 50 years; and for the first time in 17 years, two-thirds of Americans say it is a good time to find a quality job. Consumer confidence is the highest it has been in nearly 2 decades. Com-pensation increases for workers at small businesses are at the highest level in 20 years. Average hourly and weekly earnings are 3.4 percent higher than this time a year ago. We hear the statistics, because the evidence is clear, and we hear the voices of our constituents telling us this as well. Our pro-growth policies, tax relief, and commonsense regulatory reform are working. I look forward to seeing our economy continue to grow and flourish and to see American workers and their families continue to thrive. Allowing workers to keep more of their hard-earned dollars is simply the right thing. And when you do the right thing, good things happen. Good things are happening in Iowa because of this tax relief. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend from Louisiana, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is help-ing families and businesses in my home State of Kansas and throughout our country. Since Republicans in Congress and the President enacted tax reform, 400 companies have announced $4 billion in bonuses and investments, impacting 4 million workers. In my community, Spirit AeroSystems announced new invest-ments in training and technology. Fi-delity Bank announced $1,500 bonuses for its 400 Wichita area employees. Cox Communications announced up to $2,000 bonuses for its 900 area employ-ees. Recently, small businessowner Bob Aldrich of railroad car parts supplier, Wichita Railway Services, gave his em-ployees $3,000 to $6,000 bonuses, the largest in the country, thanks to the new law. In addition to the bonuses and the new jobs being created, 90 percent of Americans began seeing more monthly take-home pay in February. For Kansans, that meant a middle class family of four will see a tax cut of nearly $2,300. These numbers are not crumbs. No, they are not crumbs at all for millions of families across the country. And de-spite those doomsday predictions, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already boosting our economy. Just last week, the unemployment rate fell again to 3.8 percent, the low-est in 18 years. And when families and businesses file next year under the new Tax Code, hardworking Americans will keep even more of their money. In fact, Wichita tax accountant Ar-chie Macias analyzed his clients’ 2017 tax returns and found that approxi-mately 95 percent of his clients will pay less in taxes next year due to the new law. These numbers are staggering. But behind all of these statistics are peo-ple. Whether it is a small general avia-tion parts manufacturer in Newton or a wheat farmer in Pratt, Kansans from all backgrounds and in all sectors are seeing growth in our economy once again. Republicans are delivering on our promise to cut taxes and cut regula-tions, and I look forward to continuing our pro-growth agenda to help Amer-ican workers and their families. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and all my colleagues who have participated tonight in this Special Order. I have spoken quite a bit, we all have, about the national benefits of tax reform, because I think the wage in-creases and the job creation and the business investment and the consumer confidence should not be ignored, and I am so grateful that has been high-lighted tonight. But I also want to talk about what tax reform means to our folks back home in Louisiana and in my Fourth Congressional District. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce pre-dicted that enacting the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would lead to the creation of more than 13,000 jobs in Louisiana and effectively give middle class families in our State a raise of roughly $2,000. But I would like to highlight the benefits the U.S. Chamber specifically predicted for my constituents in the 15 parishes, or counties as they are known every-where else in the country, in north-western and west Louisiana. That is my district. We have over 53,000 taxpayers in the Fourth District of Louisiana that will be able to claim a larger child tax cred-it, just by one example. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act increased the child tax credit from $1,000 per child to $1,600 per child. Nearly 50,000 taxpayers in the Fourth Congressional District derive their in-come from small businesses, and we know the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act re-duces taxes for small businessowners. Everyone ultimately will benefit from that. For small businessowners, tax reform implements a new, lower, 9 percent tax rate on the first $75,000 of net business income for owners earning less than $150,000. Tax reform reduces taxes on small business investment overall by creating a new 25 percent small busi-ness tax rate. Over 4,000 taxpayers that used to have to pay the alternative minimum tax will no longer have to do that. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as we know, eliminated the AMT. Even the stress that comes from fil-ing taxes is now going to be reduced. What used to take many, many hours for most Americans has now been re-duced substantially. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act doubled the standard deduction, meaning that many taxpayers will have much sim-pler returns to fill out now every year and could potentially even file their re-turns on a document the size of a post-card. Yes, it is true. And 6 months after enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the good news just keeps coming in. We can scarcely keep up with all the happy headlines that have come out of this. That is ex-actly what we hoped, exactly what we predicted, and it is all coming to pass. But rather than just talking about the sum of the benefits, I would like to talk about a specific success story, be-cause when we relate this to real peo-ple and what it means to real, average, everyday, hardworking Americans, that is where we understand the real benefit. I want to talk about the success story of Canal Coffee shops, owned and operated by Bossier City native Rodrick James. Starting in 2016, Mr. James and Pris-cilla Mayfield opened their anchor store in downtown Kinder, Louisiana, and quickly saw success in the coffee shop and light lunch business model. Remarkably, Mr. James built his business from the ground up without taking a small business loan. He expanded his business to include shops in Oberlin and Shreveport, Lou-isiana. And now with the implementa-tion of pro-growth policies, Mr. James has announced that he plans to open a fourth and then a fifth store in the very near future. The self-described entrepreneur is anxious to make a difference, and he said: ‘‘The latest tax reform bill will definitely be good for me. I am grow-ing’’—my business is growing—‘‘and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.054 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4768 June 5, 2018 
this tax relief will help me continue that growth.’’ He continued: ‘‘I pay my employees well already, but there is a lot I can do to grow faster with the extra money.’’ See, our district is full of small businessowners like Rodrick James. They are working long hours. They are sacrificing. They are playing by the rules. They are giving their all to achieve their own version of the Amer-ican Dream. In fact, that is how we define the American Dream. If you are willing to sacrifice, you are willing to work hard, you are willing to play by the rules, you ought to be able to make a better life for yourself and your family, for your children that come after you, and now we are enabling that again. This Congress has delivered a fairer, simpler Tax Code that has allowed small businessowners, just like Rodrick, to keep more of their hard- earned dollars and reinvest in their em-ployees, businesses, and community. Mr. James served our Nation in the U.S. Army for 8 years before becoming a businessowner, and now he strives to remain community-focused. He has do-nated over $7,000 to students in our area, and as his business continues to grow, we are certain he is going to con-tinue to sow those good seeds back into the community. His story is truly inspiring. It em-bodies the essence of what it means to be an American. I am proud to rep-resent him and his business right here in this Congress. All around the Fourth District, throughout Louisiana, and every cor-ner of our great Nation, you can find remarkable people who share Mr. James’ experience. Their dreams, that they work hard every day to achieve, can become even bigger with tax re-form. This is a big thing for the coun-try. As my colleagues have said and reit-erated here tonight, Mr. Speaker, America is back, and we are humbled to have been a part of it. I am grateful to all my colleagues who participated in this Special Order this evening. For all the reasons we have articulated, we just want to high-light, once again, that this is an impor-tant and proud moment for our Nation, and we are all truly grateful to have been a part of this history. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
IG-
GINS of Louisiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 min-utes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, so we hear today from the Mueller investiga-tion, as he was appointed by a man named Rosenstein that we now know was completely disqualified from being able to select or name a special counsel for a number of reasons. For one thing, he would be a witness, because one of the issues was did President Trump ob-struct justice when he fired Comey. And the President relied totally, or largely, on the memo that was pre-pared by Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein. He would be a material witness. You can’t be involved in an inves-tigation if you are a material witness. Rosenstein, as it would happen, also had worked with a guy named Mueller and Weissman when they were working on an investigation into Russia’s ille-gal efforts to get U.S. uranium. And, in fact, they kind of had to jointly and severally put the quash on information about that investigation, because if they didn’t, then the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S., CFIUS, including Hillary Clinton, would not have been able to vote to allow the sale of uranium that would end up in Russia’s hands. And if that sale hadn’t gone through, there is no question all those stockholders that benefited would not have been so anx-ious to put $145 million in the Clinton Foundation and probably Russia wouldn’t have been as quick to pay $500,000 for a speech from former Presi-dent Clinton. b2015 But there are all kinds of implica-tions there. Of course, we know from previous special counsels from the De-partment of Justice, all of them, until Rosenstein and Mueller, made a thor-ough effort to select lawyers and inves-tigating officers who appeared to have no political bias going in. What did Mueller do? He specifically went for the people that loved Hillary Clinton and hated Donald Trump, went out of his way to do that. Some have complained, well, Weissmann has a history of putting in-nocent people out of work, destroying lives, not only making them unem-ployed, but making them unemploy-able and, as the Supreme Court has said, all for things that were not even crimes. That doesn’t seem to deter him, just as it has never deterred Rob-ert Mueller from destroying people’s lives, people of integrity, honest, up-standing people, whether it was Ted Stevens—heck, Colin Powell, one of the previous Cabinet members, decorated military man, had nothing but just ac-colades to say about Ted Stevens and what an honorable, honest, upright man he was. And the Mueller FBI framed him. They hid information that not only would have raised a reasonable doubt that showed unequivocally he was not guilty of having a gift of hundreds of thousands of dollars of addition to his cabin because not only did he pay for it, he paid about 20 percent more than the value because, as he had said be-fore: I have to go above and beyond just to keep people at bay who might want to come after me. I have got to keep my nose so clean. Yet I guess it could be argued, well, maybe Mueller didn’t know that the FBI framed Ted Stevens and convicted him immediately before his election. Well, there is no question he would have known about it as the FBI agent who was singled out by another FBI agent as having engaged in the mali-cious prosecution, the hiding of evi-dence, the failure to produce evidence that they had that was exculpatory. Well, we know that the FBI agent that signed the whistleblowing affi-davit, he was driven out of the FBI; and the one that there is evidence under oath that she framed Ted Ste-vens, she continued to work in the Mueller FBI, which is kind of like Mueller when he was in Boston. As far as I know, there is no direct evidence that Mueller knew that his FBI agents in Boston were framing Whitey Bulger’s competition, but he certainly had to have known that those four people were innocent when he kept putting pressure on the parole board not to release those innocent people, which I guess is another reason it cost taxpayers $100 million to the two indi-viduals and then the two families of the two people who died in prison. Or Curt Weldon, that was the Mueller FBI. I kept wondering my freshman term, Curt would come to this micro-phone right here—and maybe that should be a warning to me: if you make Mueller mad, he destroys your life. But somebody’s got to stand up to a mean- spirited bully like Robert Mueller. If everybody is afraid of a guy like that, then, I mean, we are Third World gov-ernments. But I kept thinking, you know, Curt Weldon keeps saying the FBI had infor-mation before 9/11, they could have done things to stop it, and he kept rais-ing serious questions. I thought Mueller has surely got to answer these. And, yes, I know he had only come to the FBI right before 9/11, so chances are he was not implicated because of his recent arrival as FBI Director be-fore 9/11. But surely he has got to re-spond somehow. These are serious alle-gations Curt Weldon was making. Well, he ultimately did respond. The FBI did a raid on Curt Weldon’s adult daughter’s lawyer office before, I think it was around 6 a.m., and, amazingly, the only people who knew were FBI; and yet all of the media was there to witness the raid, on television, news-print, radio. They all showed up. And they are not the only ones to whom it was leaked, because protestors showed up immediately at Curt Weldon’s office accusing him of crimes, caught red-handed, stuff like that. That was 2 weeks before his election that he narrowly lost. Apparently, that is how Mueller re-sponds. You know, with all the complaints about bullies these days, you would think that adults in Congress would say: Do you know what? We don’t want adult bullies either. We don’t want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.055 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4769 June 5, 2018 
give adults the power, unlimited, un-bridled power, to just go after anybody they want any time they want. Manafort doesn’t seem like somebody I’d ever want to hang out with, but, for heaven’s sake, to knock down his door in the wee hours, drag him out of bed at gunpoint, when you just want to do a search—in fact, it would have been better, from a law enforcement stand-point, if they had done the raid when no one was home. But it wasn’t about finding something; it was about raw, sheer intimidation. So what do we hear in the way of raw, sheer intimidation from the Mueller cartel? Well, now we are told that a message that Manafort sent to a partner, somebody he did business with, that that was a crime. It is all about threatening people. It is all about bullying and scaring people. And what authority is it that Mueller has? Well, that’s interesting, because he doesn’t want to produce that docu-ment. Congress has asked for it. We have absolute authority, and if we were doing our job, we would stop the Mueller investigation, pass an imme-diate law that not one penny could be spent without committing a crime on any investigation Mueller is under-taking until he shows us what author-ity he has. You can’t just give somebody unbri-dled authority, and then he doesn’t even have to report to anybody unless it is the person who was disqualified that appointed him to be special coun-sel when he, himself, should have been disqualified. If he had had any decency or ethics about him he would have said: ‘‘Do you know what? This is going to involve Russia. I was involved in the Russia investigation. I was FBI Direc-tor and, actually, there are some touchy issues there I was involved in, and I could be a witness because, you know, actually, the truth is we closed up information so that the sale could go through that Russia would get our uranium, and then Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation get $145 mil-lion. So, yeah, I was really involved in that.’’ The last people who ought to be in-volved in an investigation now as spe-cial counsel about Russia would be Robert Mueller, Weissmann, and Rosenstein, but there they are, back together, investigating, while the stat-ute of limitations is running out on any potential crime they may have committed that should be investigated by a second special counsel. I have been saying this for a year now: We need a second special counsel. This is serious stuff, and people across the country, even some Democratic friends of mine, are realizing: Wait a minute. Trump’s not getting the same treatment that Hillary Clinton got. It is pretty clear there are two different standards of justice. Some people who care about justice— and, yeah, they are politically in-volved, but they care about righteous-ness and justice—don’t want to see us go into being a Third World banana re-public, which it appears to much of the world we have moved into becoming. This latest allegation Mueller throws out about tampering with a witness, well, you know, under section 1512: If you kill or attempt to kill somebody, it might be a witness—nope, that doesn’t apply. Or if you use physical force or threat of physical force—no, that didn’t apply. Cause or induce a person to withhold testimony—no, didn’t do any of that. Didn’t hinder, delay, prevent commu-nication—nope. Let’s see. Well, did he knowingly use intimidation, threats, or corruptly per-suade? No. No, that really didn’t apply. All right. How about whoever cor-ruptly alters, destroys, mutilates? No, he didn’t do any of that. So how about obstructs or influences or impedes any official proceeding? No, really didn’t do that, didn’t attempt to do so. Or intentionally harasses another person, thereby hinders, delays, pre-vents, or dissuades anyone from at-tending or testifying—nope, that didn’t happen. Reporting to law enforcement—nope, that didn’t happen. He didn’t even turn the message over to the FBI. Arresting or seeking to arrest—nope. Now, Mueller may be involved in these, but it doesn’t sound like Manafort is. Causing a criminal prosecution—no, none of those apply. Oh, well, maybe. Oh, that is an affirmative defense. You know, there is something Mueller’s good at: scare people, throw out highbrow allegations just trying to intimidate. It is like the Federal judge said, Mueller’s folks don’t care, and Mueller doesn’t care about Manafort, anything that happened 20 years ago. We have seen it throughout Mueller’s history. He finds somebody, whether it is Ste-ven Hatfill, Ted Stevens, Curt Weldon, you know, people who got put in jail for crimes Whitey Bulger was involved in, though he was their FBI informant. I mean, he finds people he dislikes, and then he goes about trying to find a crime that he can pin on them. And even if they are not really guilty, he is fine with keeping people in prison for crimes they didn’t commit if he thinks they are not good people, he doesn’t like them. That is how he could tell President Bush that he was 100 per-cent certain Dr. Steven Hatfill was the guy that was the anthrax killer. He didn’t like him. No evidence—none, zero—yet they destroyed the guy’s life. So it cost taxpayers—Mueller’s ac-tions, other people’s actions in Bos-ton—$100 million for the way he de-stroyed Steven Hatfill’s life, another $6 million or so payout. You know, he leaves a terrible wake of devastation, lives wrecked, and he doesn’t care. The one thing he is consistent in say-ing is: I don’t owe anybody an apology for anything I have done. Yeah, it is the way bullies are. Well, we have got another problem here in the House. We had an IT worker named Imran Awan, who worked for between 40 and 50 of my Democratic colleagues. Now, he sent, apparently, over $100,000 back to Pakistan where he still has family, and he got that from a loan here in the U.S., and he is charged with making a false statement to get the loan. Yet that is a fraction of what we find from just the reporting of Luke Rosiak, the Daily Caller, this article from October 3, 2017. Unfortunately, the only thing they have indicted Mr. Awan for is basically making a false statement to get a loan, things related to that. But there are dozens and doz-ens of felonies in which he is impli-cated from his work here on Capitol Hill. b2030 This article says: ‘‘A now-indicted IT aide to various House Democrats was sending money and gifts to government officials in Pakistan and received pro-tection from the Pakistani police, mul-tiple relatives claim. ‘‘A Democratic aide also said Imran Awan personally bragged to him that he could have people tortured in Paki-stan. Awan’s lawyer acknowledged that he was sending money to a member of the Faisalabad police department, but said there was a good explanation. ‘‘The relatives said Awan and his brothers were also sending IT equip-ment, such as iPhones, to the country during the same period in which fraud-ulent purchase orders’’—and by the way, from what we have seen, there were clearly dozens of fraudulent pur-chase orders. Say, for example, an iPad cost $799 and Awan puts down it is $499 as a cost, maybe $300 for an insurance policy or something, but $499, that means it is under the $500 limit for things that do not have to be kept in inventory. So, as long as Awan kept prices on these in-voices below $500, he didn’t have to have a listing of all of the equipment. So he could keep buying iPads, iPhones, and all of these kinds of things for different Members of Con-gress’ offices, and there is no record kept of where those items are. They don’t record the serial numbers or any-thing, as long as it is $499. The trouble for Mr. Awan is, every time he put $499 on one invoice for something that costs $799, it is a Federal felony, and he is implicated in dozens of these. The evi-dence abounds. Yet some of us had an informal hear-ing and heard testimony about this matter, and he was bragging to people about all of the iPhones and iPads he was sending to Pakistan to the police there, to intelligence friends there, these kinds of things. And because he listed them at $499, they are not on an inventory so they don’t have to be written off when they disappear. That is pretty handy. But the FBI has had opportunities to have those invoices presented to them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.058 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4770 June 5, 2018 
And each time they have instructed: Don’t bring any of those documents. We don’t want to see any of that. We just want to talk to you. And as I un-derstand, even this week, they contin-ued to report—the FBI investigating— that, yeah, we still found no evidence of anything other than this false state-ment on a loan. Why? Because they have instructed: We don’t want to see the documents that prove those cases. They are readily available for any-body, any Federal officer who wants to see them, but they don’t want to see them. So they can keep reporting to the new U.S. attorney that there is no evidence. No, there is just nothing there. They can tell the Attorney Gen-eral, yeah, we have looked into it, and there is nothing there. And yet we hear from the reporter, he continues to talk to the witnesses— Luke Rosiak—and it was 80 percent of the witnesses that have personal infor-mation about the crimes the Awan car-tel—crime family, whatever you want to call it—have committed, was 80 per-cent; now between 70 and 80 percent of those witnesses have never been inter-viewed by the FBI. That way they can still report to the new U.S. attorney, to the Attorney General; we looked into it. There is nothing there. There is no evidence. Yeah, because you don’t want to look at it. It abounds. And then when we hear that Mr. Awan is spreading the word among his friends from Pakistan that: I have just got to get this deal done and work out a plea where I don’t get jail time, and I am already assured I will be able to work back on the Hill. I was staggered to find out when we took testimony that actually about 3 to 9 months of every year for the last 13 or 14 years that Mr. Awan has been doing work as a computer technician for 40 to 50 Democrats here on the Hill, that he had never had a background check, but 3 to 9 months out of each year he was in Pakistan, and he was using the Pakistani internet to work on three or four dozen Members of Con-gress’ computer systems. We also learned that, at one point, they put over 40 Members of Congress’ data on one server so that anybody that Awan wanted to could access the server and get information on all of these other people. And what hap-pened? Well, that server with that se-rial number has disappeared, but the FBI has no interest whatsoever—at least so far—in investigating what hap-pened to the server on which Awan put 40-plus Members of Congress’ data. One, we do know some of the files that existed. We don’t know what were in the files, but Awan had actually or-ganized files that had Members of Con-gress’ emails in them. Well, gee, why would Awan want to take Members of Congress’ emails and put them in one file? That sure would make it easy if you were going to transfer somebody’s emails to somebody else. You just put them all in a file. Put them on one server that lots of people have access to. It is phenomenal the kind of breach that has occurred on the Hill. There are two kinds of justices, and it breaks my heart. There is the Hillary Clinton kind of investigation, and there is the Donald Trump investigation. This is really tragic. So taxpayers are paying for Imran Awan’s lawyer be-cause he says he is destitute. Yet he sent $100,000 or more over to Pakistan in one transaction, and we know that he has property listed in his bank-ruptcy. We know that he was in busi-ness, took a loan from a guy from Pakistan who has known ties to Hezbollah, and they owed him money. We can’t seem to get the FBI inter-ested in that. There are too many hold-overs, apparently, from Mueller’s day, and Comey’s day. We need to know what was compromised. And I don’t care who the person works for, congressional computers should not be serviced from Pakistan. From information and belief, folks that should know, they tell me Pakistan would be one of the last places you would want somebody getting into con-gressional computer systems. He said: Well, what difference does it make? It is just emails and calendars. Well, there are people that would pay a lot of money to have all of the emails from a Member of Congress. We just need the FBI more interested. Again, I understand, the last guy that started making charges talking about FBI’s lack of duty, he ended up being defeated by the FBI raid on his office and his daughter’s office 2 weeks before the election. I understand, but somebody has got to stand up and say: Right is right. Wrong is wrong. There are so many FBI agents that have given their lives, day after day, not making the kind of money they could elsewhere, but enforcing the law. And to have people like Mueller and Comey come along and put a blot on the reputation they poured their hon-est lives into is a travesty. And the only way we remove the blots is to call out those and make them responsible for the damage that they have done. And it is not happening. Anyway, I realize I am running out of time. Luke Rosiak has great informa-tion here. He has done so much more investigation than the FBI has. I know there are a lot of FBI agents that I know personally that could take this case. I mean, just not listing a piece of property in your forms here that you have to file, the financial disclosure, could be a crime if you do it inten-tionally. Sometimes you forget, but for heaven’s sake, he didn’t forget when he filed bankruptcy. He has got property. He has got all kinds of things that he has never listed, and those are the kinds of things that are important when people are servicing congres-sional computers. People need to know. We need people that will be honest enough not to lie to the U.S. attorney and not to lie to the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General—I don’t guess it matters to them—but for other people who are honest and trying to follow and enforce the law and the Con-stitution as their oath requires. We need a second special counsel. We need to investigate Rosenstein, Mueller, Comey, and Weissmann. And we need somebody assigned to the Awan case that will protect Congress from further breaches and from the Awan crime family for the future. Now, today, there was a continuance filed moving Awan’s hearing from this Thursday to July 3. It sounds like they are trying to do just what Awan has been bragging, that he is going to get a deal. It is not going to say anything about all of the breaches of security, all of the felonies committed in the forms that he filed, none of that. And so he is telling people—at least he has assured people—he can come right back and start servicing dozens of Members’ computers on the Hill again. For heav-en’s sake, we need somebody in the FBI to step up and do their job. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
AFFORDABLE POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government became heavily involved in the Nation’s postsecondary edu-cation system when Congress passed the Higher Education Act of 1965. Over time, well-intentioned but mis-directed policies and requirements have put special interests ahead of stu-dents’ interests. It is time to develop a system designed to support students in completing an affordable postsec-ondary education that will prepare them to enter the workforce with the skills they need for lifelong success. The Education and the Workforce Committee is moving us in that direc-tion, Mr. Speaker, by passing last De-cember the PROSPER Act. The PROS-PER Act, the word ‘‘PROSPER’’ stands for: Promoting Real Opportunity, Suc-cess, and Prosperity through Education Reform. b2045 It is a really apt title for what it is that the committee is proposing. I em-phasize this is a work of the Education and the Workforce Committee and the 23 Republican Members who are on that committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.060 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4771 June 5, 2018 
What the PROSPER Act does is it ex-pands student access to higher edu-cation in many different ways: It allows students to use Federal stu-dent aid, including Pell grants, for shorter term programs that will help students get into the workforce more quickly. It expands the availability of indus-try-led earn-and-learn programs that lead to high-wage, high-skill, and high- demand careers. It improves early awareness of post-secondary Federal financial aid options for students in high school. It makes the application for Federal student aid easier for middle class fam-ilies by streamlining the Free Applica-tion for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA, making the FAFSA available on a mobile application and ensuring both the app and the online form are consumer tested, clear, and easy to use. We hear from parents all the time about how difficult the FAFSA is to complete. It repeals unfair requirements that limit low-income students’ access to career-focused institutions. It supports at-risk and minority stu-dents by reforming the TRIO programs to better evaluate the effectiveness of these programs, expand access to these programs for students, and encourage institutions to create programs using evidence-based innovations like P4Success. The PROSPER Act improves student aid in the following ways: simplifying student aid into one grant program, one loan program, and one workstudy program to ease confusion for students who are deciding the best options available to pay for their college edu-cations. Let me give you an example, Mr. Speaker, of the complications of the loan programs as they currently exist. There are six different loan programs, nine repayment options, and 32 deferment and forbearance options. What has that gotten us? It has gotten students $1.4 trillion into debt. We find that unacceptable, and PROSPER will help change that. We give a Pell grant bonus to recipi-ents who enroll in the number of cred-its necessary to complete their edu-cation in what is considered on time. That will vary: for students in commu-nity colleges, 2 years; and for students in a baccalaureate program, 4 years. We add $14.5 billion back into stu-dents’ pockets by eliminating hidden origination fees on Federal student loans that add unnecessary costs to college. Mr. Speaker, I talk every day to Members who have been misled by col-leges and universities in their districts about what PROSPER does. Many well- meaning, I am sure, administrators and college presidents are calling Members and saying: The PROSPER Act cuts fi-nancial aid for students. Mr. Speaker, it does nothing of the sort. Because of the way we restructure the loan programs, however, it does save the taxpayers, right now, based on CBO’s score, $15 billion. However, it makes available to students 12 million more dollars just in financial aid, not to count what we are talking about in the $14.5 billion in origination fees. By providing access to a new ONE Loan with reasonable loan limits and creating an easily accessible income- based repayment option, it offers an af-fordable monthly payment option to all borrowers, and it caps interest ac-crual. This is something else that the schools misunderstand. We do help the students with their loan programs not while they are in school, but when they are out of school. Many people have misunderstood the legislation and the wording in the PROSPER Act, so I have encouraged my colleagues to share with me the concerns they hear from colleges and universities so we can make sure that what they are being told are the facts and not either a misunderstanding of the legislation, because people aren’t used to reading the legislation, or an out-and-out fabrication of what is in the bill. We reward the institutions in the workstudy program by helping the most vulnerable students complete their education and expand the ability of students to receive Federal workstudy dollars while gaining valu-able work experience in a field of their choice. Mr. Speaker, I have been in edu-cation for a long, long time. I know 40- some years ago we had studies that showed that students who participated in the workstudy program made better grades, made better use of their time, graduated at a higher rate, and were much more likely to get a job after graduation. What we do is we actually double the amount of money in the workstudy program and allow a por-tion of that money to be used by stu-dents in an industry- and institution- approved program in the private sec-tor. We all know that internships often turn into jobs, and we know it is much more likely that a student would get a job in the private sector if he or she is able to do an internship and workstudy funds can be used to cover those in-ternships. Another thing that the PROSPER Act does is it reimagines how institu-tions best serve students in these ways, providing students access to new pro-viders of postsecondary education by allowing those providers to partner with traditional colleges and univer-sities for up to 100 percent of a stu-dent’s educational program. We are living in a vastly changing world with all types of opportunities available now to students to gain an education and to gain the skills they need. We need to stop living in the 16th century, as much of education is doing in this country, and come up to speed with what is available to us through technology. We, in the PROSPER Act, encourage competency-based education by cre-ating a clear pathway for competency- based education programs to be eligible for Federal student aid to help stu-dents attain a less costly degree based on their own learning rather than time spent in a seat. Mr. Speaker, when I taught many years ago at Appalachian State Univer-sity, at Mayland Community College, and at Caldwell Community College, I often encouraged students to partici-pate in activities outside the classroom because so much impressive learning can go on outside of sitting in a seat listening to a teacher lecturing. We need to do more of that. Students, again, have access to so many opportunities where they could be deemed proficient in an area and be able to get credit for that which would speed up their earning a degree. We repeal the antiquated and rigid definition of distance education mak-ing it possible for institutions to de-velop more creative methods of deliv-ering postsecondary education. We allow, through the PROSPER Act, minority-serving institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities to use grant funds for certain initiatives such as pay for success, dual enrollment, and the development of ca-reer-centered programs. It is time, again, Mr. Speaker, for us to acknowledge that there are many, many opportunities out there for stu-dents to gain the skills that they need to be able to be certified and be able to get the credentials that they need to lead a successful life in our country, and what we are doing with the PROS-PER Act is advancing those opportuni-ties. I want to quote from an article that was recently published that encourages the passage of the PROSPER Act. The article was written by Rachelle Peter-son, who is the policy director at the National Association of Scholars, and I am going to give a few quotes from that article. She says: ‘‘It has been 53 years since President Lyndon Johnson signed the Higher Education Act into law, and 10 years since it was reauthorized, under President Obama. Over the years, the law—which touches nearly every as-pect of higher education—has turned into a special interest bonanza. It shields traditional colleges from mar-ketplace competition, weaves a lab-yrinthine web of student aid options, packs on the pork, and in the last ad-ministration served as a pretext for the Department of Education to invent po-litically charged regulations.’’ I couldn’t have said it better myself, Mr. Speaker. She goes on to say: ‘‘The PROSPER Act . . . would streamline Federal pro-grams, relax burdensome regulations, forbid the Secretary of Education from acting outside the scope of the law, and protect the key principles of free speech and religious freedom.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is hard to get a pack-age of legislation that would do all of those things, but she goes on: ‘‘Today, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.062 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4772 June 5, 2018 
my organization, the National Associa-tion of Scholars, released a top-to-bot-tom review of the PROSPER Act, con-cluding that it represents the best op-portunity to reform higher education in decades. With a few tweaks, the PROSPER Act should be passed at once. Two especially important areas— Federal student aid reform and protec-tions for freedom of speech and associa-tion—show why.’’ I am very, very grateful to the Na-tional Association of Scholars and Rachelle Peterson for her kind words about the PROSPER Act. She goes on to say: ‘‘Currently, Fed-eral student aid is a complicated sys-tem that encourages students to take on unmanageable debt and incentivizes colleges to raise tuition.’’ She mentions the different loan pro-grams, grants, and ways to get loans forgiven. She talks about the PROS-PER Act simplifying Federal student aid, reining in costs, and making it easier for students to see their options. She goes on to say: ‘‘PROSPER also gives colleges ‘skin in the game’ by making them financial stakeholders in students’ success. Individual programs whose students have low loan repay-ment rates would become ineligible for accepting Federal student loans, forc-ing these low-performing programs ei-ther to improve their quality or to lower their costs. When students drop out, colleges would become liable to repay a portion of the students’ Fed-eral aid, creating an incentive to adopt high admissions standards.’’ She goes on to say: ‘‘ . . . the PROS-PER Act does a remarkable job of cut-ting bureaucratic overgrowth to return Federal student aid to its core purpose: helping students who are prepared for college find ways to afford it. . . . ‘’ b2100 She goes on and on. I am not going to continue to quote from her, but I in-clude in the R
ECORD this material so that every person reading the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD has an opportunity to read her excellent article. 
[From The Hill, May 23, 2018] C
ONGRESS , PASS THE PROSPER ACT FOR  F
EDERAL STUDENT AIDREFORM  (By Rochelle Peterson) It has been 53 years since President Lyn-don Johnson signed the Higher Education Act into law, and 10 years since it was reau-thorized, under President Obama. Over the years, the law—which touches nearly every aspect of higher education—has turned into a special interest bonanza. It shields tradi-tional colleges from marketplace competi-tion, weaves a labyrinthine web of student aid options, packs on the pork, and in the last administration served as a pretext for the Department of Education to invent po-litically charged regulations. The PROSPER Act, introduced in Decem-ber by Rep. Virginia Foxx (R–N.C.), would re-authorize the Higher Education Act and clean up the mess it has become. The bill would streamline federal programs, relax burdensome regulations, forbid the Sec-retary of Education from acting outside the scope of the law, and protect the key prin-ciples of free speech and religious freedom. Today, my organization, the National As-sociation of Scholars released a top-to-bot-tom review of the PROSPER Act, concluding that it represents the best opportunity to re-form higher education in decades. With a few tweaks, the PROSPER Act should be passed at once. Two especially important areas— federal student aid reform and protections for freedom of speech and association—show why. Currently, federal student aid is a com-plicated system that encourages students to take on unmanageable debt and incentivizes colleges to raise tuition. The system has six loan programs, numerous grants, and some four dozen options for paying off or getting loans forgiven. The PROSPER Act simplifies federal stu-dent aid, reining in costs and making it easi-er for students to see their options. It caps the amount of money parents and students can borrow from the federal government. It streamlines federal student aid into a single loan program, a single grant program, and a single repayment program. It eliminates spe-cial interest projects, such as public service loan forgiveness, which privileged govern-ment employees by forgiving their loans after 10 years of payments. PROSPER also gives colleges ‘‘skin in the game’’ by making them financial stake-holders in students’ success. Individual pro-grams whose students have low loan repay-ment rates would become ineligible for ac-cepting federal student loans, forcing these low-performing programs either to improve their quality or to lower their costs. When students drop out, colleges would become liable to repay a portion of the students’ fed-eral aid, creating an incentive to adopt high admissions standards. The bill misses some important elements of student aid reform, such as making in-come-share agreements enforceable and re-quiring colleges to spend a minimum per-centage of endowment income. It also main-tains the Department of Education’s monop-oly on government student aid, rather than transferring financial authority to the states. But overall, the PROSPER Act does a re-markable job of cutting bureaucratic over-growth to return federal student aid to its core purpose: helping students who are pre-pared for college find ways to afford it, with-out driving up costs. The PROSPER Act also takes an impor-tant stand for freedom of speech and associa-tion, principles that colleges have recently given scant attention. The Act prevents col-leges from discriminating against religious student groups by denying them official rec-ognition and other standard benefits, such as access to campus facilities. And it protects the rights of religious institutions to govern themselves in a manner consistent with their religious missions. The PROSPER Act also addresses the need for free speech on campus, although its pol-icy changes, while laudable, need to be shored up. Currently, many colleges des-ignate ‘‘free speech zones’’ as the only places students and faculty can engage in public speech. In response, the PROSPER Act offers the ‘‘sense of Congress’’ that free speech zones are ‘‘inherently at odds’’ with the First Amendment—a principled though legally un-enforceable statement. A key amendment by Rep. Tom Garrett (R- Va.) requires colleges and universities to dis-close any speech codes, providing sunlight that will help watchdog organizations and free speech litigators target bad campus policies. The amendment also authorizes the secretary of Education to investigate col-leges that are accused of using unpublished rules or selective enforcement to target cer-tain types of speech. This is important for students whose free speech has been abridged, because they currently have little recourse but to file a lawsuit, an expensive and time-consuming endeavor. These are key changes that go a long way toward restoring freedom of speech on cam-pus. But no bill is perfect, and the PROSPER Act misses some opportunities. It should also authorize the secretary of Education to investigate whether colleges’ policies are ac-tually conducive to free speech in the first place. Colleges should be required to report to Congress annually on the state of free speech on their campuses, including details on any violations of free speech, punishment for offenders, and steps taken to protect free speech going forward Colleges repeatedly found to be malfeasant at protecting free speech should lose eligibility for Title IV federal student aid. Students deserve a college education that is rigorous, affordable, dedicated to intellec-tual freedom, and focused on scholarship, not politicization. The PROSPER Act is a step in the right direction. Ms. FOXX. My reason for doing this is to say that it is not just members of the committee, it is not just Members of Congress who support the PROSPER Act. It is people who understand the situation that exists in our country and want to see us make things better for students. Mr. Speaker, I grew up extraor-dinarily poor, but I knew that edu-cation was my key to getting out of poverty. I had to work hard, but I also had to get credentials. In this day and time, we know that having credentials is more important than ever. So I want to say again, the PROS-PER Act, which stands for Promoting Real Opportunities, Success, and Pros-perity through Education Reform, is a key to doing that. This will do more to help poor students get out of poverty than almost anything that I have seen in a long, long time. Every Member of Congress hears every day that employers do not have people to fill the 6 million jobs that are out there that are vacant right now. What we do with PROSPER is make it possible for 7 million more students to get Pell Grants. And part of our reason for doing that is to help students get into short-term programs that will give them skills, give them credentials, and allow them to build on those skills over time, hopefully, to create a de-gree. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned, what we are doing with PROSPER is allowing people to be able to get to participate in short-term programs where they will gain skills that will make them em-ployable. They will be able to build on their credentials over time and, we hope, become life-long learners and ul-timately earn degrees. But the main thing is, we have right now 6.6 million jobs vacant in this country. We have employers crying for people to fill those jobs. They cannot find those people now in this country. We have many people who could fill the jobs if they were able to gain the skills for them. By opening up Pell Grants to 7 million more students, we think we will get a match. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.063 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4773 June 5, 2018 
It is clear right now, Mr. Speaker, that post-secondary education is un-workable for far too many individuals trying to enter the workforce. Ameri-cans deserve a better system that works for them. The PROSPER Act advances bold, commonsense solutions that will trans-form post-secondary education, better serve students, protect taxpayers, and set America up for long-term economic success. We are doing things in the bill that colleges and universities asked us to do. We are getting the Federal Govern-ment out of the way by repealing out-dated Federal regulations and prohib-iting the Secretary from exceeding her authority under the law. Again, the institutions have asked us for this. By doing this, everybody wins, Mr. Speaker. The PROSPER Act sim-plifies and improves Federal student aid by moving to one grant, one loan, one workstudy system, making it easi-er for students to understand their op-tions. The bill encourages institutions to evolve, but holds them responsible by rethinking the post-secondary edu-cation accountability system. The bottom line is this bill is about getting people into jobs with the skills they need to succeed. To do that, it cuts through the morass of Federal red tape, eliminates the maze of Federal aid programs, and unleashes innova-tion to a sector stuck in the 20th cen-tury—I would argue maybe even the 19th century. I am going to make one or two more general comments about what PROS-PER does, because I think it is so im-portant that the American people un-derstand what it is we are attempting to do here. Since 2007, Mr. Speaker, the pub-lished in-state tuition and fees at insti-tutions increased at an average rate of 3.2 percent beyond inflation. If that had happened with the average auto-mobile in this country, the average car today would be costing $80,000, instead of probably about $27,000. That is the inflation that has occurred in post-sec-ondary education. We have a 6-year completion rate of only 54.8 percent. That is unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. Every year that a student is forced to stay in a college or univer-sity is costing that student $68,000 in lost wages and tuition and fees. The numbers go on and on. Eighty- one percent of parents say 4-year schools charge too much. Fifty-four percent of parents think 4-year schools are accessible to middle class Ameri-cans. In other words, many middle class Americans have given up on the hope of their child going on to school. Only 13 percent of people in this country believe college graduates are well prepared for success in the work-force. Fewer than two in five managers believe college graduates are well- equipped for a job in their field. Mr. Speaker, as I said, I made my liv-ing for a long time in education. I love education. I want everybody to get a great education. I know that it is the ticket to success in this country. But our current system is not working. What we do with the PROSPER Act, Promoting Real Opportunity, Success, and Prosperity through Education Re-form will give Americans a much bet-ter chance to gain the skills they need and be successful. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 3249, PROJECT SAFE NEIGHBOR-HOODS GRANT PROGRAM AU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2017; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 8, WATER RESOURCES DE-VELOPMENT ACT OF 2018; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. WOODALL (during the Special Order of Ms. F
OXX), from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–711) on the resolution (H. Res. 918) providing for consideration of the Senate amend-ment to the bill (H.R. 3249) to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 5, 2018, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 3663. To designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. H.R. 4910. To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 6, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and sec-ond quarters of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DANIEL SILVERBERG, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 28 AND MAY 3, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Daniel Silverberg ..................................................... 4 /29 5 /03 Saudi Arabia ................................. ........ .................... 1,450.00 .................... 11,983.00 .................... .................... .................... 13,433.00 5 /03 5 /03 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,450.00 .................... 11,983.00 .................... .................... ...... .............. 13,433.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. DANIEL SILVERBERG, May 7, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN7.065 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4774 June 5, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at the right to so ind icate and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, May 22, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,  EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 2 /22 2 /25 Austria ........................................... ....... Euro 1,302.11 .................... 10,776.71 .................... .................... .................... 12,078.82 Mark Milosch ........................................................... 2 /19 2 /21 Poland ...................................... ............. Zloty 485.84 .................... 4,344.12 .................... .................... .................... 4,829.96 2 /21 2 /24 Austria .................................................. Euro 1,200.59 .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... 1,200.59 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,988.54 .................... 15,120.83 .................... .................... ...... .............. 18,109.37 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Co-Chairman, May 15, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4990. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Strategic and Critical Materials Operations Report To Congress: Operations under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Pil-ing Act during Fiscal Year 2017’’, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 98h-2(a); June 7, 1939, ch. 190, Sec. 11(a) (as amended by Public Law 103-35, Sec. 204(d)); (107 Stat. 103); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4991. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Kevin M. Donegan, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4992. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Repeal of DFARS Provision ‘‘Alter-nate A, System for Award Management’’ (DFARS Case 2017-D044) [Docket No.: DARS- 2017-0015] (RIN: 0750-AJ54) received May 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4993. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Repeal of DFARS Provision ‘‘Alter-native Line Item Structure’’ (DFARS Case 2017-D045) [Docket No.: DARS-2017-0016] (RIN: 0750-AJ55) received May 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4994. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Repeal of DFARS Clause ‘‘Right of First Refusal of Employment-Closure of Military Installations’’ (DFARS Case 2018- D002) [Docket No.: DARS-2018-0032] (RIN: 0750-AJ54) received May 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4995. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Repeal of DFARS Provision ‘‘Rep-resentation Regarding Combating Traf-ficking in Persons’’ (DFARS Case 2018-D003) [Docket No.: DARS-2018-0016] (RIN: 0750- AJ67) received May 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4996. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Repeal of Restrictions on Chemical Weapons Antidote (DFARS Case 2018-D006) [Docket No.: DARS-2018-0025] (RIN: 0750- AJ70) received May 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4997. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Delegation of Special Emergency Procurement Authority (DFARS Case 2018- D024) [Docket No.: DARS-2018-0026] (RIN: 0750-AJ86) received May 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4998. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Modification of DFARS Clause ‘‘Riding Gang Member Requirements’’ (DFARS Case 2018-D026) [Docket No.: DARS- 2018-0030] (RIN: 0750-AJ88) received May 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4999. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Micro-Purchase Threshold (DFARS Case 2017-D027) [Docket No.: DARS-2018-0027] (RIN: 0750-AJ34) received May 29, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5000. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Report in Response to the Sunscreen Innovation Act (P.L. 113-195) Section 586G’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5001. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-376, ‘‘Anna Cooper House TOPA Ex-emption Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5002. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-377, ‘‘Lawrence E. Boone Elementary School Designation Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5003. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-375, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 221, S.O. 17-26363, Act of 2018’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5004. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-374, ‘‘Pools Without Penalties Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5005. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-373, ‘‘Home Composting Incentives Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5006. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-346, ‘‘Walter Alley Designation Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.031 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4775 June 5, 2018 
2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5007. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-347, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Certified Business Enterprise Preference Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5008. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-348, ‘‘Ernest Everett Just Court Des-ignation Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5009. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-349, ‘‘Lois Mailou Jones Alley Des-ignation Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5010. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-350, ‘‘Watkins Alley Designation Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5011. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-351, ‘‘Israel Baptist Church Way Des-ignation Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5012. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-352, ‘‘Business Improvement Districts Tax Exemption Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5013. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-353, ‘‘Parcel F1 Easement Disposition Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5014. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-354, ‘‘Swampoodle Park Designation Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5015. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-372, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 5196, S.O. 17-26544, Act of 2018’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5016. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-371, ‘‘Closing of Public Alley in Square 748, S.O. 16-21105, Act of 2018’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5017. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-364, ‘‘Personal Delivery Device Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5018. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-370, ‘‘405 53rd Street, N.E., Disposition Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5019. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-365, ‘‘Grocery Store Restrictive Cov-enant Prohibition Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5020. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-369, ‘‘Solar Expansion for Cooperative Associations Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5021. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-368, ‘‘Study of Mental Health and Sub-stance Abuse in Immigrant Communities Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5022. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-367, ‘‘Consumer Protection Clarifica-tion and Enhancement Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5023. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-366, ‘‘Maternal Mental Health Task Force Establishment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5024. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-355, ‘‘Southwest Waterfront Exemp-tion Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5025. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s Office of Inspector General Semi-annual Report to the Congress for the re-porting period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, Pursuant to Sec. 5 of the In-spector General Act of 1978; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5026. A letter from the Director, Congres-sional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Office of the Inspector General Semiannual Report to Congress for the period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5027. A letter from the Acting Director, Bu-reau of Ocean Energy Management, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Comprehensive Inventory of U.S. Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Natural Gas Resources — 2018 Update’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 15912(b); Public Law 109-58, Sec. 357(b); (119 Stat. 720); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5028. A letter from the Director, Adminis-trative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting the Department’s twelfth an-nual report to Congress on crime victims’ rights, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3771 note; Pub-lic Law 108-405, Sec. 104(a); (118 Stat. 2265); to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: Committee on Ap-propriations. Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2019 (Rept. 115–710). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 918. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3249) to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes; providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for im-provements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conserva-tion and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–711). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. C RIST, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. P
LASKETT , and Mr. M AST): H.R. 5996. A bill to reauthorize and amend the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): H.R. 5997. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to ensure prompt coverage of breakthrough devices under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5998. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a loan re-payment program under which health profes-sionals agree to conduct prevention activi-ties, as employees of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, in consideration of the Federal Government agreeing to make payments on the principal and interest of the educational loans of such health professionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5999. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise section 230.163 of title 17, United States Code, to apply the exemption offered in such section to communications made by underwriters and dealers acting by or on behalf of a well- known seasoned issuer; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6000. A bill to provide for the transfer of the TARAWA class amphibious ship USS NASSAU (LHA-4) to Japan; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 6001. A bill to safeguard certain tech-nology and intellectual property in the United States from export to or influence by the People’s Republic of China and to protect United States industry from unfair competi-tion by the People’s Republic of China, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05JN7.000 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4776 June 5, 2018 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 6002. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish a grant program for the construction of schools in overcrowded areas, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 6003. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to provide for enhanced pen-alties for the transmission of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information with the intent to trigger an emergency re-sponse; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself and Mr. T
URNER ): H.R. 6004. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing medical assistance at a residential pediatric recovery center to in-fants with neonatal abstinence syndrome; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. S OTO, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas): H.R. 6005. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram under the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration to improve the preparation and rep-resentation of certain students in aviation- related fields.; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6006. A bill to direct the Commis-sioner of Social Security to implement cer-tain record keeping recommendations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. L
AMALFA (for himself and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ): H.R. 6007. A bill to release certain Federal land in California from wilderness study, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. M
CEACHIN (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 6008. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to withdraw the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic planning area from disposition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6009. A bill to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to provide for the automatic appointment of judges to the Dis-trict of Columbia courts without the advice and consent of the Senate, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. P
ITTENGER , and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 6010. A bill to require an unclassified interagency report on the political influence operations of the Chinese Government and Communist Party with respect to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas): H.R. 6011. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize a court to reduce the term of imprisonment imposed on cer-tain defendants convicted as an adult for an offense committed and completed before the defendant attained 18 years of age, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER ): H.J. Res. 135. A joint resolution supporting Israel’s right to defend its borders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. M
EAD-
OWS, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B UDD, Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina, Mr. B LUM, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. B UCK, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. L
ESKO , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , and Mr. D ESANTIS ): H. Res. 919. A resolution recognizing the national debt as a threat to national secu-rity; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. H
ASTINGS ): H. Res. 920. A resolution expressing support for the designation of June as National Gun Violence Awareness Month, and calling on Congress to address gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland): H. Res. 921. A resolution expressing support for the designation of 2018 as the ‘‘Year of the Anacostia’’ and recognizing the Wash-ington metropolitan area’s efforts and part-nerships to restore the Anacostia River wa-tershed; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
205. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Oklahoma, relative to Enrolled House Joint Resolution 1043, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to pro-pose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5996. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. D
ELBENE: H.R. 5997. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (a) Article I, Section 1, to exercise the leg-islative powers vested in Congress as granted in the Constitution; and (b) Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives Congress the authority ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof; By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5998. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5999. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6000. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 6002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 6003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 6004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6005. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution grants Congress the power to ‘‘lay and col-lect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05JN7.100 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4777 June 5, 2018 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. L
AMALFA: H.R. 6007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.R. 6008. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6010. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 6011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the enumerated power to es-tablish a judicial system. U.S. CONST. art. I, §8, cl. 9. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.J. Res. 135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 51: Mr. T URNER . H.R. 57: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 62: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 66: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 110: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 173: Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 184: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 466: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 502: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 592: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 750: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 756: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 761: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 914: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 959: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 975: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 1017: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 1150: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 1171: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 1187: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1271: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1300: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1318: Mr. Y
ODER and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 1322: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1377: Mr. C
LYBURN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1447: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 1511: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1516: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1661: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 1783: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1820: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 1823: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1824: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1825: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 1861: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1881: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 1904: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 1925: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 1939: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1953: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1983: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2092: Mr. S
CHIFF and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2095: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2215: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2290: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 2315: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2418: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2421: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2439: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2476: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2587: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2598: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. C
ROWLEY , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 2651: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2670: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2691: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2757: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2784: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2797: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 2851: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 2853: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2856: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 2913: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3009: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 3010: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3013: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3238: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 3303: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3305: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3348: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3378: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. G RAVES  of Missouri. H.R. 3400: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 3464: Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 3478: Ms. N
ORTON and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 3497: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3528: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3666: Mr. O
LSON and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3692: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. K ING of New York, and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3730: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 3773: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 3861: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 3988: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 4005: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 4018: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4028: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4044: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4082: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 4094: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4129: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4143: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 4202: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4206: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 4253: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 4260: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 4265: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 4290: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4362: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 4419: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 4424: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 4473: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali- fornia. H.R. 4525: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4556: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4638: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 4691: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4693: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4704: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M ENG, and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 4732: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4737: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 4739: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4779: Mr. C
LAY, Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4786: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4815: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4824: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4825: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4837: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4893: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 4897: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 4953: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4978: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5011: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 5034: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5038: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 5041: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 5105: Mr. G
OODLATTE , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 5106: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 5125: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 5132: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 5141: Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, and Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 5160: Mr. M
ARSHALL and Ms. C LARKE  of New York. H.R. 5176: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5281: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 5282: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C
OLE, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. B
UDD, and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 5329: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 5353: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5358: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 5365: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5383: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5385: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5413: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 5414: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 5431: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi. H.R. 5474: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 5476: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 5517: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 5528: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5533: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
ONES , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 5534: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 5536: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5553: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5588: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5606: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5671: Mr. V
ELA, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C
OHEN , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5684: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 5694: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 5701: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 5716: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5717: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 5723: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 5753: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5761: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5762: Mr. M
EADOWS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.033 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4778 June 5, 2018 
H.R. 5773: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5795: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. T URNER , and Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5796: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 5814: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5857: Ms. M
OORE and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 5889: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 5899: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 5900: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 5912: Mr. P
ETERSON and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 5920: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 5922: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5924: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 5941: Ms. M
OORE and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 5942: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 5950: Mr. G
OMEZ , Ms. D ELAURO , and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 5954: Mr. D
EUTCH and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 5958: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 5988: Mr. PETERSON , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 5991: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.J. Res. 61: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. P EARCE . H.J. Res. 91: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. R
USSELL . H. Con. Res. 10: Ms. K
APTUR . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. N
ORTON . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C
RAMER , and Mr. P EARCE . H. Res. 15: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H. Res. 28: Mr. B
ACON . H. Res. 31: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. C LAY, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. W
ELCH . H. Res. 199: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H. Res. 274: Ms. L
EE. H. Res. 318: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H. Res. 405: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Res. 750: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Res. 766: Mr. P
ANETTA and Mr. D EFAZIO. H. Res. 871: Mr. N
OLAN and Ms. K APTUR . H. Res. 894: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Res. 907: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H. Res. 915: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. S IRES, and Ms. E
SHOO . PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
105. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to remonstrating against the enactment of any legislation by Congress which would offer amnesty, forgiveness, or a path to citizenship, to any person who is not a citizen of the United States and who is physically within the United States in viola-tion of the laws of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 106. Also, a petition of the Oberlin, OH City Council, relative to Resolution No. R18-04 CMS, calling on the U.S. Congress to intro-duce and then pass a carbon fee and dividend legislation and declaring an emergency; which was referred jointly to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN7.026 H05JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2973 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 2018 No. 92 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Holy One, Light of Light, You con-tinue to reveal Yourself to us. Because You know our thoughts before we think them, we lay before You our lives to be purified and strengthened by the power of Your Spirit. Lord, prepare us to absorb the fragrance of Your for-giveness, as we trust You to keep us from stumbling or slipping. Today, use our lawmakers for Your glory. May they be salt and light to this generation. Give them the knowl-edge and wisdom to startle the world with the confidence of their hope in You and with the generosity of their love. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, yesterday, the Senate advanced the nomination of Robert Wier to serve on the Eastern District Court of Kentucky by a vote of 90 to 1. This was a needless delay, but I look forward to confirming this well-qualified nominee later this morning. Next, the Senate will turn to Fer-nando Rodriguez, Jr., the President’s selection to be a U.S. district judge for the Southern District of Texas. Mr. Rodriguez is a graduate of Yale and the University of Texas. He earned recogni-tion for his tireless efforts to combat human trafficking. His peers praise his work ethic and his knack for tackling complicated issues. President Trump continues to send us impressive judicial nominees with sterling qualifications. I would urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting to promptly confirm this slate. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, on another matter, Madam President, the Senate took a major step forward on behalf of our national defense. After years of harmful spending caps undermining the combat readiness of our armed serv-ices, we brokered a 2-year spending agreement that included the largest year-on-year increase in defense fund-ing in 15 years. This significant accom-plishment laid out a roadmap to de-liver on the promises we make to our warfighters. Now it is time to take the next step and authorize the programs that are most needed. That is why the Senate will soon be turning to the John S. McCain National Defense Au-thorization Act. Each year, reviewing the President’s budget request provides an opportunity to hear directly from our Nation’s mili-tary leaders about their needs. Months of hearings and markups allow Con-gress to direct resources and authorize programs, equipping our brave service men and women to confront emerging challenges. The Armed Services Committee should be commended for their earnest, bipartisan work this year. The legisla-tion they have produced is strong. Following our agreement that elimi-nated harmful and arbitrary caps on defense spending, this legislation will add to the process of untying our com-manders’ hands. It authorizes $716 bil-lion for national defense, enough for the Department of Defense to imple-ment the national defense strategy and replenish and modernize America’s fighting forces—as long as we meet our overall responsibility and pass the De-fense appropriations bill later this year. This authorization would expand our capabilities on the sea and in the air, provide long-term certainty and sup-port for our All-Volunteer Force, renew oversight efforts, streamline personnel management, modernize acquisitions, and eliminate duplicative and wasteful programs. It sends a clear message that we have our warfighters’ backs. How fitting, then, that it is named for our colleague, Senator M
CCAIN—a stalwart champion for our service men and women if this Chamber has ever seen one. I look forward to discussing this leg-islation at length in the coming days. 
f 
JOB CREATION AND THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, on a final matter, Madam President, I spoke yes-terday about the new job opportunities flooding into the U.S. economy. It is all thanks to the ingenuity of Amer-ican workers and job creators, with an assist from Republican policies. Just this year, more than 1 million new jobs have been created, more than 3 million new jobs since January of 2017. The unemployment rate has sunk to 3.8 percent. It hasn’t been that low in 18 years. In a big shift from the deeply uneven Obama era, commu-nities all across America are getting in on the action. Rural areas led the whole Nation in relative job creation last year. Let me say that again. Rural areas led the whole Nation in relative job creation last year. Republicans are proud of the historic tax reform and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.000 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2974 June 5, 2018 
dramatic regulatory reform that helped make that happen. In addition to these nationwide poli-cies, we are also delivering targeted strategies to help the specific commu-nities that have suffered the most. In many parts of the country, includ-ing my home State of Kentucky, the Obama-era economic lag has inter-twined with another major problem: the opioid epidemic. By one estimate, in 2016, more than 2 million Ameri-cans—2 million—were addicted to opioids. This crisis that is shattering families and communities is not an isolated medical issue. There is a reason experts describe many of these fatalities as ‘‘deaths of despair.’’ It is, in part, a symptom of declining opportunity and communities literally falling apart. Recent studies suggest that opioid use increased the most in precisely the communities where employment rates have fallen the most, particularly in the manufacturing sector. Complex problems demand com-prehensive solutions, and that is ex-actly what this Congress will continue to deliver. We are attacking this from all angles. In a strong bipartisan fash-ion, we passed the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to bolster preven-tion, treatment, and law enforcement. I recently introduced the CAREER Act to help recovering addicts find jobs and stable housing to get back on their feet, and the Senate allocated billions in resources for treatment and preven-tion on the frontlines. The robust Federal response is help-ing our first responders and profes-sionals combat the dangers of abuse, but, as is always the case, major chal-lenges are rarely solved here in Wash-ington. Congress can provide resources and support to vulnerable commu-nities, but often we do the most good by getting government’s foot off the brake and letting American innovators get back to business. For example, I recently heard some great news from one private sector problem-solver in my home State of Kentucky. In my hometown, US WorldMeds has spent the last 15 years working to bring relief to millions of Americans touched by opioid addiction. They have been working on intro-ducing a medicine in the United States to help ease the symptoms of with-drawal. Just last month, we got word that they have received FDA approval. US WorldMeds’ CEO, Breck Jones, be-lieves this nonnarcotic medicine can help more addicts kick the habit alto-gether. I had the opportunity to visit US WorldMeds’ facility last year. I was so impressed by what I saw. Now that team can scale up their efforts and begin getting their treatment into the hands of Americans whose lives it could help transform—all of it made easier when Washington offers targeted support where it is needed but mostly gets out of the way of the innovators. Talk about a winning combination. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, over the past few weeks, we have all endured the increasingly novel legal theories dreamt up by the President and his lawyers regarding the special counsel’s investigation into the Rus-sian interference in the 2016 election. Over the weekend, we learned the President’s lawyers wrote a memo that asserted unfettered authority over all Federal investigations. Rudy Giuliani actually suggested that the President could have ‘‘shot James Comey’’ and not been indicted or prosecuted be-cause, according to him, ‘‘in no case can [the President] be subpoenaed or indicted.’’ Is that incredible? The President himself tweeted yes-terday that he had the absolute right to pardon himself and that the appoint-ment of the special counsel was uncon-stitutional, despite the fact that he regularly called for a special counsel to look into Hillary Clinton during the 2016 campaign. The two-facedness, the hypocrisy of saying Hillary should have it but, no, it is unconstitutional now that it applies to him—how can the American people tolerate that kind of thinking in a President? This morn-ing, again, President Trump faulted Attorney General Sessions for recusing himself from the probe instead of help-ing to end it. The President’s tweet regarding At-torney General Sessions this morning is part of a pattern where the President admits out loud and shamelessly that he was trying to take steps to end the Russia probe. First, in a television interview, the President admitted that stopping the Russia probe was his mo-tivation for firing Director Comey. Now he says he would never have hired Sessions if he had known he was going to recuse himself, even though recusal was required by Department of Justice rules. This latest stunning admission is just more evidence that the President may have something to hide. If he did nothing wrong, President Trump should welcome a thorough investiga-tion to exonerate him. Each of the claims that I have men-tioned has the same theme: That the President believes he is above the law. Of course, we know the idea that any-one in America is above the law is anti-thetical to the very idea of America, antithetical to the very idea of democ-racy, and antithetical to what millions of Americans have fought for and hun-dreds of thousands—millions—have died for in the course of our history. We don’t have a King. We have a Presi-dent, bound by the same Constitution and the same laws that govern the av-erage American citizen. The Founding Fathers didn’t set out to create a monarchy; they set out to construct a system of government en-tirely distinct from the monarchies of their time. That is why they installed checks and balances and devolved power between three branches to en-sure the liberty of the people and guard against the encroachment of tyranny. That was their great gift to us, and their ideas have kept American democ-racy alive for two and one-half cen-turies and the admiration of the world for an equal period of time. Trump is besmirching all of that with his recent activities. So despite what the President and his allies may feel about his authority or his absolution from legal repercus-sions, the Constitution and the found-ing principles of our country tell us he is dead wrong. President Trump: We are not a monarchy. You are not a King. We are a constitutional democ-racy, so act like it. 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS  
Madam President, on another mat-ter, this week the Senate is processing a number of judges. Some of these judges are noncontroversial. As I have said in the past, Democrats are com-mitted to working with the majority to process these noncontroversial nomi-nees, but there are several highly con-troversial nominees after this slate that bear attention. Tomorrow, the Senate Judiciary Committee will consider the nomina-tion of David Porter for the Third Cir-cuit Court of Appeals, despite the fact that Senator C
ASEY has not returned a blue slip on Mr. Porter, who was nomi-nated by the White House over the home State Senator’s repeated objec-tions. Mr. Porter, like so many of the nominees submitted by this President, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.002 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2975 June 5, 2018 
is far outside the judicial mainstream. Throughout his career, he has main-tained affiliations with anti-LGBT or-ganizations and expressed personal views that are contrary to the interests of American workers—the very people President Trump defends: the Amer-ican working people. He appoints judges who undo their rights, their op-portunities, their ladders up. This is an example. Unfortunately, the majority is, once again, bucking a century-old tradition of respecting the opposition of home State Senators and moving forward with the consideration of yet another hard-right, anti-working class ideologue. On Thursday, the Judiciary Com-mittee will consider the nomination of Ryan Bounds for a circuit court seat in Oregon, although neither Senator W
YDEN nor Senator M ERKLEY , the two Senators from Oregon, have returned a blue slip on his nomination. Recently, we learned that Mr. Bounds had some rather offensive writings that he failed to disclose to the bipartisan Federal Judicial Selection Advisory Committee established by the two Oregon Senators to recommend potential nominees. Nonetheless, of course, the Republican majority, prodded on by the hard-right ideologues, is moving ahead with his nomination, over the tradition of the blue slips, over these recent revela-tions. Next week, the Senate will likely move to the pending nomination of Thomas Farr to the Eastern District of North Carolina, currently the longest vacancy in the United States. Part of the reason the State seat has remained open for so long is because Republican Senators blocked an Obama nominee, Jennifer May-Parker, for nearly 3 years. With Mr. Farr’s nomination, we have another example of a vacancy that only exists because Democrats recognized and respected the blue-slip tradition—a tradition the Republicans have so unceremoniously discarded. Not only has Mr. Farr spent his long legal career working against the rights of unions and the rights of workers to organize, Farr has demonstrated him-self to be a partisan. After challenging multiple congres-sional maps drawn by North Carolina’s Democrats, Mr. Farr vigorously de-fended the most recent maps drawn by North Carolina’s Republicans which, in fact, were overturned by the Supreme Court for discrimination. Mr. Farr also defended North Carolina’s restrictive voter ID law passed by the Repub-licans, arguing that voter ID was a ‘‘minor inconvenience’’ for voters. Might I remind my colleagues, this is the same voter ID law that the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals determined was passed with ‘‘discriminatory in-tent’’ and which ‘‘targeted African Americans with almost surgical preci-sion.’’ Those are the Fourth Circuit’s words, not mine. That is whom we are putting on the bench—people who sup-port laws that blatantly discriminate against people of color. What are we coming to in this country? Where are our ideals when it comes to picking people for the bench? I am sure they can find conservative folks who don’t have these kinds of egregious pieces of behavior. I have long argued that we should judge our judges on three metrics: ex-cellence, moderation, and diversity. By dint of his legal career in defense of partisan Republican issues, Mr. Farr clearly lacks moderation and is even willing to defend the most strident at-tempts by North Carolina Republicans to game the congressional maps and make it more difficult for minorities to vote. I will strongly—strongly—oppose his nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. THE ECONOMY  
Finally, Madam President, on the economy, during the 8 years of Presi-dent Obama’s term, Democrats worked to turn the economy around, to dig our country out of the recession, and get back to growing the economy and the middle class. Now that Republicans are in charge, their policies are almost the reverse. Instead of focusing on the middle class and those struggling to get there, Republicans have elected to turn over the keys to big corporations and the superwealthy—their benefactors. In-stead of trying to bring down the cost of everyday items, Republican eco-nomic policies have driven up the costs of things like healthcare and gasoline. By sabotaging our current healthcare system, President Trump and Repub-licans have caused insurance rates to increase by double digits across several States. Yesterday, insurers in the States of Washington and New York both announced an average rate in-crease of about 20 percent, similar to double-digit increases in Virginia and Maryland. Americans were already struggling with the high cost of healthcare before these increases. Re-publican policies have only made these problems worse. What about gas prices? By pulling out of the Iran deal and failing to get tough with OPEC, President Trump has contributed to the increase in gas prices. He hangs out and seems to be friendly with the Crown Prince, head of the UAE, even President Putin. Why isn’t he jawboning them, his so-called friends, to help the average American family not have to pay increases in the high price of gas? President Trump was quick to blame President Obama when gas prices went up. Well, what is good for the goose is good for the gander. American families are now paying over $3 for a gallon of gas in many places, and prices are ex-pected to continue to rise over the summer. Meanwhile, as costs go up for the middle class, in many, many cases far outweighing any break they got on the tax bill, corporations and the rich are reaping a windfall from the Republican tax bill. Listen to this. So far, in 2018, corporations have announced plans to spend more than $450 billion in cor-porate stock buybacks, a maneuver that directs profits into the pockets of wealthy executives and shareholders but does little for workers. Even Re-publican Senator MARCO RUBIO has said that ‘‘’there’s no evidence whatsoever’ that the corporate tax cut Republicans passed last year is overwhelmingly benefiting workers.’’ In a nutshell, this is the new Repub-lican economy: a bonanza for the cor-porations and the rich, higher costs for everybody else. In November, the American people will get to decide if they want a government that works on their behalf or more of the same top- down, trickle-down policies that have failed time and again—and are failing once again. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE REPUBLICAN -LED 
CONGRESS  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I want to take just a few minutes to talk about the last 18 months and what a Republican-led Congress has done dur-ing the first 500 days of the Trump ad-ministration. I heard my friend the Democratic leader call this a Republican economy, and I am proud to embrace that for the reasons I will mention here in just a moment and contrast that to life in America postrecession, in 2008, where slow economic growth, high unemploy-ment, and a disproportionate number of people not even seeking work were accepted as the new norm. The American people understand they don’t have to accept that as the new normal—that we can aspire to bet-ter, and we can do better, and that is exactly what we have seen manifested in the American economy. The rank- and-file American worker, every Amer-ican family, and everybody in this country—regardless of race, ethnicity, whatever identity you might want to talk about—have benefited. There have been many accomplish-ments, but perhaps the greatest, as I said, is the new energized state of the economy. There is a sense of hope and optimism once again. We can see that reflected in people’s retirement ac-counts mainly invested in the stock market. The stock market has boomed since the Trump election, and that is not just for the big corporations. That is for the teachers, the pension funds, the firefighters, the first responders— for average Americans who invest their retirement savings in mutual funds or in the stock market—and they have benefited. The unemployment rate has reached a 48-year low—a 48-year low—and 14 States have hit record low unemploy-ment as well. My friend from New York talked about gasoline prices. Oil output jumped to the highest on record in March, including a 4-percent increase in production in my home State. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.003 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2976 June 5, 2018 
other words, we are depending less and less on imported oil from Saudi Arabia and Middle East countries, which have been the focus of our geopolitics for so many years because they have been the main source of the energy that drives the world economy, and now we are producing more of that here in Amer-ica. That means more jobs and more national security right here at home. Consumer confidence is at a 17-year high. People are feeling optimistic and hopeful about the future. Nearly 3 mil-lion jobs have been created since Presi-dent Trump took office, including 304,000 in the manufacturing sector, 337,000 in construction, and 223,000 in May alone. What I hear time and again when I go back to Texas is employers saying: We are having a hard time finding the workers we need because there is so much demand for workers, for laborers, that now employers are having to com-pete for the workforce they need in order to perform the jobs they have now, as a result of the growing econ-omy. What does that mean? It means that paychecks go up as there are labor shortages, and employers have to com-pete more for that workforce. Sixty- seven percent of Americans believe that now is a good time to find a qual-ity job. The biggest challenge we have, given the rapidly evolving nature of our glob-al economy and of technology and the jobs that are being created, is to train and equip the workforce of tomorrow for the jobs that will be available. That is why we have invested so much money in our community colleges and workforce training, in partnerships with industry—to make sure that more and more people can qualify for those good, well-paying jobs. I am thinking about a single mom, a Hispanic woman in Amarillo, TX, who worked as a jail guard—until she went to Amarillo community college and learned how to be an aircraft me-chanic. Today, she works on the pro-duction line for the V–22 Osprey tiltrotor aircraft, one of the most ad-vanced air platforms in the world. My recollection is that she is making $18 an hour now. That is a real solution for a real problem, and I bet every Member of this Chamber could talk about simi-lar stories. In Houston, as a result of the natural gas renaissance in this country— thanks to the science, thanks to the creativity and innovation of the Amer-ican energy companies—we are now seeing a huge influx of petrochemical companies reestablishing themselves in places where they can get access to low-cost feedstock fuel. What that is doing is creating even more jobs. In the Pasadena Unified School Dis-trict and around the Houston area, they are working with San Jacinto community college to help people who don’t yet have the skills they need get the certificates they need in order to qualify for those good, well-paying jobs. Not everybody needs to go to a 4- year liberal arts college. If they want to, I am all for it. But many people want to get a good job, enjoying the solid middle class, and do jobs that need to be done. They need access to training in order to get the qualifica-tions they need. That, to me, is one of the big challenges that confront us, particularly as the economy changes so quickly because of technology. Another big reason the economy has taken off like a rocket is the tax re-form package we passed last summer. That has been perhaps the biggest game changer. The problem my friend the Democratic leader has is that every single Democrat voted against it. Re-member, N
ANCY PELOSI called the bene-fits of that ‘‘crumbs.’’ What it has done is open doors and new opportunities for American families. According to the White House, Amer-ican families will receive $3.2 trillion in gross tax cuts, and they have seen the child tax credit double. The top corporate rate was lowered from 35 to 21 percent so that American businesses could be more productive. When President Obama talked about the need for America to be more com-petitive by lowering that corporate rate, he talked about our need to com-pete in the global economy. When we debated the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Democrats called it a corporate give-away. That is absolutely indefensible. The results of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act have been profound, indeed. More than 500 companies have used these tax savings to benefit their employees. They have announced pay raises, 401(k) match increases. There have been cuts to utility rates for seniors and people on fixed incomes because investor- owned utilities have had to lower their charges in order to comply with the law, which allows them a reasonable rate of return. They can’t charge what the market will bear; they need to comply with their local laws. So what we have seen is that many investor- owned utilities have lowered utility rates for seniors and people on fixed in-comes. We have seen other businesses offer substantial bonuses and other benefits. A recent survey by the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers showed that 77 percent of manufacturers in America intend to increase hiring, and 93 per-cent of them have a positive outlook. One of the things President Trump talked about during his campaign was that so much of our manufacturing had moved overseas. But what these num-bers indicate is that the manufacturing sector is alive and well here in the United States when given the oppor-tunity to compete on a level playing field. This is the kind of optimism I am hearing when I visit places like College Station, Austin, and Amarillo, home of the Big Texan 72-ounce steak. If you can eat it in an hour, along with a baked potato, you can get the meal for free. I didn’t try that, but some people do, and some people get the free meal— but not a lot of people, would be my guess. In Austin, I visited with one of the owners of Wally’s Burgers and met with other small businesses—pest con-trol companies and the like—and they talked about the benefits they are see-ing in their small businesses from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The stories just go on and on and on. I have also had constituents write to my office, explaining how the boost in their monthly paychecks is making a big difference when it comes to buying groceries, paying bills, and starting long-delayed projects. Maybe no Demo-crat voter lives paycheck to paycheck, but I can tell you, some of my con-stituents do, and they appreciate the additional money in their paycheck as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I think what happened, when our Democratic colleagues unanimously voted against the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, they were making a big bet that we would fail to deliver that bill, and it would somehow be an embarrassment and setback for this side of the aisle. Well, they bet against the American people, and they bet against our com-mitment to make sure the benefits of this bill would be delivered to the aver-age American family. In one recent piece of news, Costco, which has ten locations in Texas, an-nounced they would be increasing wages for 130,000 employees, not be-cause the government mandated it but because they need to do that in order to be competitive, and they are passing the benefits on to their employees. But that is just the tip of the iceberg. Amidst all of this good news, we also need to remember that there are two specific targeted measures that are often overlooked. It repealed ObamaCare’s burdensome tax on the middle class, who refused to purchase Washington-mandated health insur-ance. This is the so-called ObamaCare mandate. It basically was a tax on poor and middle-income people who couldn’t afford to buy the high-price ObamaCare policies. We also opened up something that has been a point of contention for many, many years—the Arctic Na-tional Wildlife Refuge to energy explo-ration. Senator S
COTT from South Carolina talked about his Opportunity Zone pro-vision, which provides tax benefits to businesses that start a business and grow a business in poor and blighted areas. Senator F
ISCHER from Nebraska talked about her tax provision, which provides encouragement to employers to provide family leave when families need that in order to deal with a family illness or a newborn child or whatever the case may be. Those are real and tangible benefits to the people we serve. And our col-leagues want to talk about corporate giveaways? That is pure demagoguery, short and simple. What else do you have when you have made a bet and you lost that bet by betting against the benefits from this bill? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.004 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2977 June 5, 2018 
It is not just the economy that de-serves mention; another important ac-complishment has been the confirma-tion of judges who will interpret the Constitution faithfully and say what the law is, not what, because of their personal policy preferences, they wish it might be. In a former life, I served on the bench—the State bench, not the Fed-eral bench—for 13 years at the trial court level and on the Texas Supreme Court. I believe very strongly in the importance of having judges—that third branch of government—who will understand and appreciate their role in the U.S. Government. In other words, the reason we don’t elect judges is be-cause we don’t expect them to gauge public opinion. The reason we don’t ex-pect them to campaign on an agenda— we expect them to interpret the law, including the Constitution of the United States, the fundamental law, not to promote policies based on their preference or based on some ideology. To me, that is the opposite of what we want judges to do. The Trump administration has seen confirmed 21 circuit court judges. These are the intermediate appeals court judges who essentially are the court of last resort for most cases since the U.S. Supreme Court now only hears about 80 cases a year. They provide the guidance in the most difficult cases, where the circuit courts are divided. This now means that one in eight ap-peals court judges has been appointed by President Trump and confirmed by the U.S. Senate. These are people who will serve not just 4 years, not just 6 years, not just 8 years, but perhaps 20 years or 30 years or longer—a lifetime tenure. These circuit courts will hear appeals from district courts that set binding precedent for those lower courts on a wide range of issues. It is worth pointing out that Presi-dent Obama’s 21st circuit court nomi-nee was not confirmed until 33 months into his administration. So it is not just that we are confirming good judges; we are doing it at a very good clip, comparatively speaking. The President has appointed and we have confirmed two judges to the Fifth Circuit who serve the State of Texas— Don Willett, a former justice on the Texas Supreme Court, and Jim Ho, the former Texas solicitor general. We have one in the queue who has been voted out of committee, Andy Oldham, the counsel to our Governor, who has been nominated to the Fifth Circuit. And that is not to mention some very talented district judges, the people who are at the ground level of our civil jus-tice system, people like Karen Scholer and David Counts. We hope to have one more Federal district judge confirmed before the end of this week—Fernando Rodriguez, whom Senator C
RUZ and I recommended to the President and he has nominated. The other major accomplishment of this administration over the last 18 months is repealing burdensome over-regulation from the previous adminis-tration. Many of these regulations were passed by the Obama administra-tion as they were heading out the door, without a real opportunity for public input and review. We have repealed a historic number—16 of them—using the Congressional Review Act. Previously, there had been only one example where Congress had repealed a regulation using the Congressional Review Act. Thanks to the junior Senator from Pennsylvania, we have also repealed something that was a bullying tactic by the Federal Government. This was a scheme by the previous administration to use guidance from Federal agencies where they didn’t pass a rule, where they were required under the law to gain input as part of that rulemaking process. So what they would do is they would issue guidance. You can imagine how that was treated by people in the private sector. They didn’t want to have to defend a lawsuit, so they grudgingly complied with the guidance even though there wasn’t any process and input from the public on what that guidance should be. Thanks again to our colleague Senator TOOMEY , we have successfully repealed those sorts of quasi-regulations, as well, using the Congressional Review Act. Our use of the Congressional Review Act has been referred to as the most ambitious regulatory rollback since Ronald Reagan. As I talk to people, the job creators in our country, they tell me that not only has it been the tax cuts, but it has been the regulatory rollback and it has been the signal that Washington is sending that businesses small and large will have more freedom to pursue their ends, their dreams, without the wet blanket of government regulation. President Trump has also used his executive branch pen to issue 22 de-regulatory actions for every new regu-latory one. These are big wins, includ-ing for our farmers and energy pro-ducers. On top of that, when it comes to ObamaCare, one of the aspects of ObamaCare was something called the Independent Payment Advisory Board. We repealed that in our budget agree-ment earlier this year, which will allow seniors and their families to take greater control of their healthcare de-cisions without being subjected to the whims of unelected bureaucrats. What ‘‘unelected bureaucrats’’ trans-lates into is ‘‘unaccountable bureau-crats.’’ In other words, if you don’t like what the bureaucrat is doing, you have almost no recourse, and that is by de-sign in this Independent Payment Ad-visory Board. When it comes to your healthcare, you want to maintain your ability to petition your representatives if you feel the government is not treat-ing you correctly, which this Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board eliminated. A fourth major accomplishment is providing relief to our community and midsized financial institutions, which have been hit hardest by some of the one-size-fits-all rulemaking approaches under Dodd-Frank. We all remember that Dodd-Frank was a response to the financial crisis of 2008, followed by the great recession. Congress, as it often does, went too far. The pendulum swung too far and affected our commu-nity banks and credit unions. I tell my community bankers in Texas: You weren’t the target, perhaps, but you were the collateral damage. We want small businesses and work-ing families to succeed. We want them to get access to credit, the credit they need in order to succeed. Regulating community banks out of business is not the answer. This bill was sponsored by the senior Senator from Idaho, Mr. CRAPO , and was passed on a bipartisan basis. This bill, which just passed the House, is a big win for smaller financial institu-tions, and it will make it easier for them to serve their communities by ap-proving mortgages, providing credit, and lending to small businesses. This isn’t mainly a win for the small banks; this is a win for their customers, for the small businesses and individuals who need access to the credit they could not get under the status quo. Another thing that we have done re-cently which I think bears note—unfor-tunately, so much happens in Wash-ington, and it seems like every 15 min-utes there is breaking news, and some-times we overlook and don’t celebrate these great victories, in this case on behalf of our veterans. We have been accomplishing a lot for our service-members and veterans. Last year, we helped restore America’s defense with the greatest investment in our mili-tary in 15 years and largest troop pay increase in 8 years. We have a bad habit here in Congress: After we have fought a war, we begin to think we can cash the peace divi-dend. We start to think, OK, now the world is safe, and now we can roll back our money spent on national security. Unfortunately, the world continues to be a dangerous place, and the world needs American leadership. Unfortu-nately, that is expensive, but there really is no option because if we don’t have peace, if we don’t have stability, none of the other benefits of life—lib-erty and the pursuit of happiness—can exist. Getting back to our veterans, we passed the VA MISSION Act in the last couple of weeks, which will make sig-nificant reforms to the Department of Veterans Affairs, strengthening the healthcare and community care op-tions that are available to American veterans. This bill provided $5.2 billion for the Veterans Choice Program. For example, if you are a veteran and you call to make an appointment and they say ‘‘Well, come see us in August’’ and you can’t wait, or if you have to drive 100 or 200 miles—and in the Rio Grande Valley in South Texas, if you really need to go to the veterans hospital, you have to drive all the way to San 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.006 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2978 June 5, 2018 
Antonio to get your healthcare—what the act did and what we passed on a bi-partisan basis allows veterans a choice. You can go see a local healthcare pro-vider, and you can go to a local hos-pital if they can provide that service quicker and more efficiently. We also provided for expanded care-giver assistance. This is a big deal. The times I have been to Walter Reed vis-iting Texans who were injured in Af-ghanistan or Iraq, frequently that in-jured servicemember had a spouse or family member who basically would have to give up their job in order to take care of their injured spouse. It is only right and it is only just that we provide expanded caregiver assistance to those individuals who do that. Finally, we have seen a crackdown on imported illegal drugs. As of April, the Border Patrol had seized 284 pounds of fentanyl—already greatly surpassing the total amount seized in fiscal year 2017. I don’t have to repeat what a dev-astating impact the opioid crisis—pre-scription drugs or the alternatives, which are heroin and fentanyl—has had on our communities. These are just a handful of ways we are doing what the American people elected us to do. We put money back in their pockets. We rolled back regula-tions. We strengthened our military. We have given healthcare flexibility to our veterans. We protected our commu-nities from harm. The best part of this story is, we are just getting started. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Wier nomina-tion? Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 95, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 113 Ex.] YEAS—95 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NOT VOTING—5 
Coons Duckworth Heinrich McCain Menendez 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Roger F. Wicker, John Cornyn, Thom Tillis, Orrin G. Hatch, Roy Blunt, Mike Rounds, John Hoeven, Richard Burr, John Thune, Joni Ernst, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Johnny Isakson, Steve Daines, Chuck Grassley. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 94, nays 1, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 114 Ex.] YEAS—94 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—1 
Hirono 
NOT VOTING—5 
Coons Duckworth Heinrich McCain Menendez 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 94, the nays are 1. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for such time as I may consume. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MAKING PROGRESS TOGETHER  
Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I am so proud to be here. This is my first time speaking on the Senate floor, and be-cause I represent the great State of Minnesota, I thought I would do the polite thing and start out by properly introducing myself. I came to Minnesota right out of business school, just married, with my husband Archie, in a beat-up orange car, and with a ton of student loans. Most people who have never been to Minnesota know us for our weather, but we have a thriving business com-munity with a number of Fortune 500 companies, and I got my start working for one of them: General Mills. The winters were every bit as cold as we had heard, but Archie and I fell in love with Minnesota anyway and, be-fore long, we put down roots. We have two sons, Sam and Mason, and instead of just building a career, suddenly we were building a life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.007 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2979 June 5, 2018 
I am so glad Archie and my dad Har-lan, whose 88th birthday is this Satur-day, could come to Washington to cheer me on today. So that is the story of how I became a Minnesotan. The story of how I wound up in the Senate really starts in 1990. I had left General Mills and start-ed a small business that I ran out of our house. Sam was 3, Mason was 1. It was a busy, exciting, and happy time for us. My parents had raised me to believe that if you are truly going to be part of a community, it is not enough to just pay your taxes and keep your lawn nice and say hi at the grocery store. You have to find a way to get involved in civic life. When I was young, they had been involved in local politics. So I looked around the community, where Archie and I had decided to raise our kids, and saw we had a State senator who was really out of touch with the values my neighbors and I shared. Not only that, but there was a young, ener-getic candidate running against her, and he had young kids, just like we did. In those days, campaigns tended to put their focus on traditional neighbor-hoods with single-family homes. I guess the idea was that if you own your own home, that probably means you are old enough to be likely to vote and invested enough in your community to really care about what is happening, but a lot of my neighbors lived in apartment buildings, and they had a lot to say about how they thought things were going, and frankly they were kind of tired of being ignored. As I have always seen it, if you really lis-ten to people, you will find that every-body has a story worth hearing, every-body has a problem that is worth work-ing to solve, and when it comes to making big decisions in the commu-nity, everybody deserves a seat at the table. So I packed up the stroller with Sam and Mason, and we went off to organize in the apartment buildings. People were surprised to see me, but I had a great time. I got to know my neigh-bors, asked a lot of questions, listened to their answers, and we built relation-ships. The guy I was organizing for be-came the first Democrat to win that seat in a decade. After that, I stayed involved in cam-paigns and issues I cared about, espe-cially when it came to women’s issues. My dad had been on the board of Planned Parenthood in Ohio, and I got a chance to work for Planned Parent-hood in Minnesota. Then one day I got a call from the mayor of Minneapolis, R.T. Rybak. He had been in office for a few years and was working on a whole range of chal-lenges, starting with an epidemic of vi-olence among young people. R.T. is a really creative thinker, and he thought that if I could bring my business expe-rience to the position of chief of staff, we could do some good work together. I was intrigued, so I made the leap. It was one of the best professional de-cisions I have ever made. I loved the challenges of that job. Later, I held the same job for the Governor of Min-nesota, Mark Dayton. Then one day, to my utter shock, Governor Dayton asked me to run with him and serve as Lieutenant Governor. I will be honest. That took a little bit of getting used to. When it comes to public service, I have always been a lot more comfortable with the service part than the public part, but that job in-volved a lot of the same skills I used in my business career: building relation-ships, looking for new solutions to old problems, creating coalitions to get things done, and it involved one of my favorite parts of politics, which is lis-tening to people’s stories. A lot of times, when a big, powerful politician walks into a room full of people, everybody kind of clams up and waits for him to say what is on his mind. After all, that is why people came and, at the end, maybe he has time for a couple of questions before he has to run off to the next event, but there is rarely a chance for a real con-versation. This is where being kind of a low-key person works to my advantage. I would come into coffee shops or community centers or even people’s homes, and I would introduce myself and ask people questions: What is going on with you? What have the last few weeks been like for you? What keeps you up at night? That is when people really start to open up. You know, it is one thing to go around the table at a forum and have someone say ‘‘healthcare is my big issue,’’ but when you are in someone’s living room and you are drinking their coffee—and we love coffee in Min-nesota—you have met their dog, you get the chance to hear stories like this: I just went to visit my mom in a nursing home. She is 40 miles away. With the kids in soccer and karate and the school band, I am just so busy, I only get there a couple of times a month. The nurses are great, and they work so hard, but they only stay there for 6 months at a time because they get hired away by a big hospital system that can pay them more. So I worry that my mom is never going to get the same nurse for more than 6 months at a time. I wish there was some way these nurses could get paid more so they don’t have to leave. I can’t tell you how much these con-versations mean to me, and so, when I was Lieutenant Governor, I made Min-nesotans’ living rooms my office, and I spent as much time as I could just talking to people. I have always found that when you ask people what they think and then you really listen to what they say, instead of just waiting for the answer that you were expect-ing, that is when you start to get a sense of what you can do to improve people’s lives. Now that I have this opportunity to serve the people of Minnesota in Wash-ington, I am so focused on the issues that they tell me about when I am sit-ting in their living rooms, around their family pictures, and talking about what is happening to them. The thing that keeps coming up in these conversations is a very simple but a very powerful idea; that is, free-dom. In this country, you are supposed to have the freedom to build the kind of life you want—and not just the free-dom but the opportunity. If you are putting in 16-/18-hour days and still struggling to make the rent and put food on the table, let alone pay for childcare or if you have a child who doesn’t want to go to a 4-year college and you have no idea how he or she is going to find a decent job out of high school or if someone in your family is sick and the cost of medicine is blow-ing a gaping hole in your budget, well, then you are not getting that oppor-tunity, are you? You don’t have that freedom. Minnesotans who aren’t getting that opportunity, who are being denied that freedom, deserve to have a voice here in Washington, and that is the kind of Senator I want to be. So this is the story of how I came to be here and what I want my work here to be like, but I am also well aware of the way the story sometimes gets told here in Washington, and it is not actu-ally a story about me at all. Some-times I am barely a character in the story. Instead, it is a story about a man who held this seat before me, a man I consider to be a good friend and a champion for the progressive values that brought me into politics, or maybe it is a broader story about how we should hold powerful men account-able for their actions and about the hope so many of us have that this mo-ment represents a turning of a tide. I get that. I understand that. My presence here in the Senate will always be seen by some as a symbol of a broader conversation we are having in this country today about the experi-ence of women, so I want to give my perspective about that and say my piece about where I hope this conversa-tion goes. My grandmother, Avis, was born in 1898. This is Avis here, standing in the background with a cigarette in her hand. She was 17 years old when the suffragettes crashed Woodrow Wilson’s inauguration and demanded franchise, and she grew up to be the president of a small community bank in rural Indi-ana at a time when such a thing was unheard of. Avis didn’t seize the bank in a hostile takeover or anything; her father owned the bank. He had three daughters, so the only way for him to keep that bank in the family was to pass it on to them. When he did that, instead of handing it over to their hus-bands, what my grandmother and their sisters did was they went ahead and ran that bank themselves. Avis’s daughter, my mother Chris, was 33 years old the year that Griswold v. Connecticut was decided, confirming that married women had the right to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.012 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2980 June 5, 2018 
contraception and thus to control their futures. But when mom graduated from college a few years earlier, the options for women were still pretty limited. My mom wanted to be a journalist, but her father told her that she had better come out of school prepared for a ca-reer that would allow her to take care of herself. Back then, that meant she could be a teacher, a secretary, or a nurse. Mom picked teacher. We lost my mom not quite 2 years ago to Alzheimer’s. She was such an in-spiration to me, and I think she would have been an incredible journalist. But mom didn’t sit around and feel sorry for herself. Just like her mother before her, she was a fighter, and she figured out how to make the best possible life for herself and for the people she loved, no matter what the constraints anyone else tried to put on her. As for me, I was 16 the year Roe v. Wade was decided. I grew up in a time of incredible progress for women, and with women like my mother and my grandmother in my family tree, I be-lieved it when my mother and father told me that I could do whatever I wanted to do when I grew up, which isn’t to say that I didn’t notice the way the world worked. It is interesting. I graduated from business school in 1984. That year, the big story among MBA types was about Mary Cunningham. Mary was a bril-liant woman. When she graduated from Harvard Business School, the dean had said she might someday become Har-vard’s first female graduate to become chairman of a noncosmetic company. That is what passed for a compliment back then. Indeed, she went on to be-come one of the first women who had ever held a senior leadership role in a Fortune 100 company. But that is not why she was famous. Mary was famous because of gossip that she had slept her way to the top of the corporate ladder. That was the context for young women like me when we started in business. I remember that my graduating class in business school was about one-third women, and we all dressed like men— suits and white shirts and red power ties. We were dressing in a world where women could dream of professional success, but the best way to do that was to pass like a man. I have been fortunate in my career and in my life. I have always been sur-rounded by strong women and thought-ful men. I don’t have a horror story to share like the ones we have heard from so many women in the ‘‘me too.’’ movement or the millions of similar stories that have gone unheard simply because the men in those stories weren’t famous. But when you really listen to women, you begin to under-stand the million little ways in which all women are made less and denied the opportunity to contribute to their communities and their country. The day that Governor Dayton an-nounced he was appointing me to fill this Senate seat, I stood next to him feeling proud and excited and ready to serve the people of Minnesota. Why not? Here I was, with a graduate de-gree, having worked at General Mills and started my own company, having managed 34,000 people and a multibil-lion-dollar budget as chief of staff for the Governor and served as Lieutenant Governor. Then a reporter raised his hands and he asked: ‘‘So, do you think you’ll be able to do this?’’ Like a lot of women, I brushed it off. You learn to deal with stuff like this. The indignities are one thing, but there are also injustices that are hold-ing women back, and a lot of them start with the policies that get made right here in Washington. There is the stuff that gets a lot of attention, like trying to defund Planned Parenthood, which millions of women rely on for healthcare, rolling back women’s ac-cess to basic reproductive services, and standing in the way of equal pay for equal work. Then there is the stuff that you only really understand when you listen to the realities in women’s lives. The high cost of childcare isn’t a woman’s issue per se, but who winds up having to drop out of the workforce when a family can’t afford childcare? Women do. The high cost of prescrip-tion drugs isn’t a woman’s issue per se, but who winds up shouldering the re-sponsibility of caring for aging par-ents? Women do. Just last month, the conservative majority on the Supreme Court decided that employers should be able to force workers into signing man-datory arbitration agreements that prohibit them from going to court when they are mistreated. That isn’t a woman’s issue per se, either, but mil-lions of women who are sexually har-assed or abused in the workplace lost their ability to seek justice in the process. All of these things add up to a world in which women are unfairly denied that freedom I was talking about ear-lier—the freedom to build the kind of lives they want. We may have moved past the days when that freedom de-pended on your father or your husband, but much of it still depends on what we do here in Washington, and we are let-ting too many women down. You don’t have to be a woman to care about these problems or to be part of the solution. In fact, Senator Franken led the fight to ban those mandatory arbitration clauses when he was serv-ing in this seat. But the fact is, a lot of these problems have endured because women haven’t had a seat at the table here in Washington. I am the 51st woman to take the oath of office as United States Senator, but we have had 50 different Senators named Charles—and I mean no dis-respect to my minority leader. Put an-other way, nearly half of all the women who have ever served in the United States Senate are serving right now. You can slice and dice these numbers a million different ways. They are all so-bering. But it is changing. Since I took the office, my friend from Mississippi became the Senate’s 52nd-ever woman and the 27th Smith. So instead of my place in the Senate reminding people of all the ways in which women have been held back from contributing in our country, I want it to be a reminder of the contributions women can make when we have the freedom to do so. One of the best things about my time here so far has been getting to know the other women in the Senate. Some of us are very progressive Democrats, and some of us are very conservative Republicans, but we get together once a month, and we listen, and we talk to each other, and we find a lot of com-mon ground. My friend L
ISAMURKOWSKI and I have something in common. It turns out we both worked on the Trans-Alas-ka Pipeline on the North Slope of Alas-ka. I know I don’t look like somebody who worked on a pipeline, but after high school, I joined the union and spent a summer working in the kitch-en—a kitchen in a construction camp on Prudhoe Bay. It was only an entry- level job—I wasn’t allowed to touch anything hot or sharp—but it was an interesting summer, and all these years later, it gave L
ISAand me some-thing to talk about. Once we started talking about that, we found ourselves talking about something else we have in common: We both are really con-cerned about the fact that kids in rural communities don’t have access to the mental health services they need. We have both met with too many parents and too many teachers who worry that kids are slipping through the cracks. So we decided to team up, and now we have a bipartisan bill to bring mental health professionals in the National Health Service Corps into more schools so more kids can have access to serv-ices. The truth is, when women are em-powered to contribute more fully, we all benefit. We have seen it in our econ-omy for the last generation. We are seeing it in our politics, as women drive the resistance to policies that hurt working people and leave our chil-dren vulnerable to gun violence. We are seeing it more and more here in the Senate. I am so proud to be a part of that. I know that I am going to always be known in part for the circumstances that brought me here, but I will tell you what I told that reporter when he asked whether or not I thought I could handle this job: Do not underestimate me. I believe that, as a woman and as a progressive and as a Minnesotan, I have a lot to contribute to this body, and I am so ready to do that work. I in-tend to stand up to this administration when it attacks the values I believe in, but I am also ready to listen, to learn, and so ready to work with anyone who wants to expand freedom and oppor-tunity for women and men across this country. I believe we can find ways to work together and make some progress for the people we represent. And I will tell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.013 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2981 June 5, 2018 
you something else: I believe we can actually enjoy doing it. I know that is not a trendy thing to say. I know we are supposed to come here and imme-diately start complaining about how broken everything is, how horrible the other side is, and how much we hate these jobs that we spend all this time and money campaigning for. I have to say, I don’t get it. I think it is so amaz-ing that we get to go out and talk to people about their lives and then bring their ideas and their concerns to the table here in Washington and try to figure out how to make progress for them. I grew up out West, in New Mexico. In fact, Senator U
DALL and Senator H
EINRICH tell me I am the only Senator currently serving who was born in New Mexico. Our town was informally di-vided into two parts, and mine was one of the only White families in our neigh-borhood, which was mostly populated by Hispanic families who had been there for generations. Most of the kids I grew up around spoke Spanish at home. So from a very early age, I grew up with this sense that everyone around me had something different to offer. My parents sent me to the public school in our neighborhood, and my school, frankly, lacked some of the re-sources that the schools where more of the White kids went had. So my par-ents got involved. My dad joined the school board, my mom volunteered, and they both devoted part of their lives to making things better. Do you know what? They loved it. They loved doing that work. I was raised to believe that the world is full of people who share the same hopes and dreams but have very dif-ferent experiences and perspectives and that part of being a good citizen is to go out and listen to those different ex-periences and perspectives and do your part to help and that it can even be fun. Maybe that is why Minnesota was the right place for me to go into public service. Minnesotans really love doing the hard work of democracy. We vote in higher numbers than anyone else. We love talking about the issues of the day in the checkout line of the super-market, along with the weather, which we really love talking about. We al-most always elect people who enjoy working to protect people’s lives, to improve people’s lives, and there is no better example of that than my friend and senior Senator, A
MYKLOBUCHAR . She is effective because she doesn’t buy into the cynicism. She really believes that by listening to people and working hard to make a difference for them, progress is possible, and she proves it every single day. The same was true of my predecessor, Senator Franken, who brought not just wit but heart and pas-sion to his work. It has been true for a long line of Minnesotans, from Hubert Humphrey and Walter Mondale to Paul Wellstone and Dave Durenberger. The other thing you learn when you spend a lot of time listening to Min-nesotans is just how hard they are will-ing to work to create opportunity for their families. They deserve a Senator who will work just as hard on their be-half, and I am not just ready to do that, I am excited to do that. I know there will be some rough days here in the Senate, but what an honor to have the chance to do this work alongside all of you. With my mother and my grandmother beside me, I am so thrilled to be here, and I am full of hope about the progress we can all make together. Thank you. I yield the floor. Mr. ALEXANDER. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. CRUZ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on the Rodriguez nomination be considered expired at 2:15 p.m. and the Senate immediately vote on the nomination; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid on the table and the President be immediately noti-fied of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:43 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Rodriguez nom-ination? Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 96, nays 0, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 115 Ex.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—4 
Coons Duckworth Heinrich McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Annemarie Carney Axon, of Ala-bama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, John Cor-nyn, John Kennedy, Richard Burr, Mike Lee, David Perdue, Steve Daines, James Lankford, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, Jeff Flake, Lindsey Graham, Patrick J. Toomey, Marco Rubio, Tom Cotton, James E. Risch. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Annemarie Carney Axon, of Ala-bama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Ala-bama, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.014 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2982 June 5, 2018 
from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 84, nays 11, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 116 Ex.] YEAS—84 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—11 
Gillibrand Harris Hirono Markey Menendez Merkley Peters Sanders Stabenow Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Coons Duckworth Heinrich Isakson McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 84, the nays are 11. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Annemarie Carney Axon, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Alabama. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, what is the parliamentary situation? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending question is the Axon nomina-tion postcloture. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I see no-body else seeking the floor. I ask unan-imous consent that I be allowed to speak for 10 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for those of us who read history, we know that throughout history, including at times in our own country many years ago, the forcible separation of families was used as an instrument of terror. I struggle to imagine a more dam-aging and inhumane governmental pol-icy than to forcibly and needlessly tear children away from their parents. For decades, the United States has rightly led the world in condemning such prac-tices as flagrant abuses of government power and human rights. Yet, today, in an extraordinary breach of our most basic values, the Trump administration is now regularly employing these very tactics. It is true that some children were separated from their parents during the previous administration. I vocally and force-fully opposed it then, because I be-lieved and I am still convinced that there are alternatives that are far more humane and effective than the tearing apart of families. But the family separation we are see-ing today is so vastly different both in purpose and in scope than what oc-curred during the Obama administra-tion. There is no comparison. Separa-tion is no longer limited to narrow cir-cumstances where it is arguably in the best interest of the child. Separating children, even infants, from their par-ents is now being carried out as a blan-ket policy. It is frightening. This dis-turbing policy is happening by design. The Trump administration’s decision to criminally prosecute every adult who arrives at our border without doc-umentation establishes a de facto fam-ily separation policy that is going to rip thousands of innocent children away from their loved ones. The ad-ministration’s claim that this policy is necessary to deter illegal border cross-ings rings hollow. The administration has also separated families who follow the rules and lawfully present them-selves at ports of entry with claims of asylum. They are asking for asylum. There is simply no way we can sani-tize the cruelty of this policy. The an-guish we are inflicting is evident in the story of each parent who is losing a child. Let me tell my colleagues a cou-ple of those stories. Here are the words of Maria, who was separated from her children, ages 7 and 2, just last month when she sought asy-lum at the San Ysidro Port of Entry. She said: [A]t about 8 a.m. they called just my two children and I went out and they said, ‘‘Miss, only they are going.’’. . . . [T]he officer said, ‘‘They are here for them. Can the little one walk?’’ ‘‘Yes,’’ I told the officer. ‘‘Let him down,’’ they told me. The older one took his hand and they started to walk. Then they turned around to look and when they saw that I was not going after them, they cried. 
I will tell another story, the ordeal of another mother with two sons, age 4 and 10. She is seeking asylum from El Salvador. 
I was only given five minutes to say good-bye before [my sons] were torn from me. My babies started crying when they found out we were going to be separated. It breaks my heart to remember my youngest wail, ‘‘Why do I have to leave?’’. . . . My youngest cried and screamed in protest because he did not want to leave my side. My oldest son was also confused and did not understand what was happening. In tears myself, I asked my boys to be brave, and I promised we would be together again soon. I begged the woman who took my children to keep them together so they could at least have each other. This is a description from a father seeking asylum at the San Ysidro Port of Entry: 
I was told I was going to be separated from my son. I suffer from high blood pressure and felt as though I was having a heart attack. . . . I feel like I was in shock and do not re-member what happened next or even how I got to the detention center after that. All I can remember is how much my son and I were both crying as they took him away. 
The anguish inflicted on these par-ents and children at the moment they are separating is excruciating. For those of us who are parents, it is incon-ceivable, but it is just the beginning. Parents are given limited informa-tion—sometimes none at all—about where their children are being held, in whose care, or for how long. Some have begged the courts for information, frus-trating judges who know little more than the parents. Some are deported while their children remain in un-known locations in the United States. Pediatricians describe the trauma that can be inflicted on these children as toxic stress. It results in lasting dam-age to a child’s health. Who here would tolerate such a thing if it were happening to American chil-dren? Who would defend such an abhor-rent practice that was happening in an-other country—say, Russia or any other country? None of us would. We would condemn it. But all of this lays bare the ugly truth about the true intent of this pol-icy: to strike fear into the hearts of families who are seeking refuge from gang violence, chaos, murder, and rape in their home countries. The message could not be clearer: If you try to seek refuge in the United States, which is your right under international law, if you seek your right, if you seek refuge, if you seek the right you have under international law, we in America will punish you and punish your family be-cause you are not welcome here. This policy unquestionably flouts our domestic and international legal obli-gations. Worse, it flies in the face of who we are. In the past, we have shown the world that protecting our home-land is not incompatible with providing refuge to the vulnerable. We have prov-en that being a nation of laws is not antithetical to being a country of com-passion. We have demonstrated that our unmatched power is derived in part from how we treat the most powerless among us. But President Trump’s pol-icy abandons our principles. Actually, it abandons our identity as a moral beacon for the world. Republicans and Democrats must speak with one voice to condemn this cruelty. Family separation is no more a Republican policy than a Democratic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.006 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2983 June 5, 2018 
policy. It is neither. It is an un-Amer-ican policy. The United States, this great coun-try that beckoned my maternal grand-parents to come to the United States and Vermont, or my great-grand-parents, paternal grandparents to come to the United States and Vermont— this great country must not be seen as terrorizing children to score political points. That is beneath the greatness of the United States. It is wrong. It is abhorrent. We must not be seen as pur-suing policies with the intent of in-flicting pain and anguish on vulnerable people, on children. I hope Senators of both parties with join me in condemning this outrageous practice of forced family separation. We are a nation that is better than this. We have always thought of our-selves as better than this. Well, it is time we acted like we are better than this. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE REPUBLICAN -LED 
CONGRESS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the May jobs report came out last Friday, and here are some of the headlines. This is from Bloomberg: ‘‘U.S. Pay-rolls Rise 223,000; Jobless Rate Matches 48-Year Low.’’ This is from CNN: ‘‘Unemployment rate matches lowest point in half a century.’’ From the New York Times: ‘‘We Ran Out of Words to Describe How Good the Job Numbers Are.’’ In other words, the May jobs report was more good news for American workers. The economy created 223,000 jobs in May. The unemployment rate dropped to 3.8 percent—the lowest rate since April of 2000. That is right. The last time unemployment was this low, the iPod hadn’t even been invented. When the Republican-led Senate passed tax reform in December, there were estimates that this historic legis-lation would create nearly 1 million jobs for the American people. Well, the economy has already created more than 1 million jobs since tax reform was passed and 3.6 million jobs since President Trump was elected. The Re-publican pro-growth, pro-jobs agenda is working. Government cannot create pros-perity. It can’t create the jobs and op-portunities that Americans need for a secure economic future. Only busi-nesses can do that. But government can create the conditions for economic prosperity. It can make sure businesses are free to create jobs and opportuni-ties by making sure they are not weighed down with burdensome taxes and regulations. As everyone knows, the economy stagnated during the last administra-tion. Recovery from the recession was historically weak. Wages were stag-nant, and opportunities were often few and far between. A big reason for that was the fact that businesses large and small were weighed down by burden-some regulations and an outdated Tax Code. So when President Trump took office, Republicans and President Trump made reversing our economic decline a priority. We rolled back bur-densome regulations, and in December, we passed a historic reform of our Tax Code. Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Tax Code was not helping busi-nesses grow and create jobs. In fact, it was doing just the opposite, and that had real consequences for American workers. A small business owner strug-gling to afford the hefty annual tax bill for her business was highly unlikely to be able to hire a new worker or to raise wages. A larger business struggling to stay competitive in the global market-place, while paying a substantially higher tax rate than its foreign com-petitors, too often had limited funds to expand or increase investment here in the United States. So when it came time for tax reform, we set out to improve the playing field for American workers by improving the playing field for businesses as well. To accomplish that, we lowered tax rates across the board for owners of small- and medium-sized businesses, farms, and ranches. We lowered our Nation’s massive corporate tax rate, which up until January 1 was the highest cor-porate tax rate in the developed world. We expanded business owners’ ability to recover investments they make in their businesses, which frees up cash that they can reinvest in their oper-ations and their workers. We brought the U.S. international tax system into the 21st century so that American busi-nesses are not operating at a disadvan-tage next to their foreign competitors. Now we are seeing results. Company after company has announced higher wages, better retirement benefits, bo-nuses, increased investment, new jobs, and more. A recent survey from the National Association of Manufacturers reported that 77 percent of manufacturers plan to increase hiring as a result of tax re-form, 72 percent plan to increase wages or benefits, and 86 percent report that they plan to increase investments, which means new jobs and opportuni-ties for workers. Meanwhile, a recent survey from the National Federation of Independent Business reports that 75 percent of small business owners think the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will have a positive effect on their businesses. The Republican economic agenda is working, and Republicans are going to keep working to ensure that American businesses can thrive and that Amer-ican workers have access to the jobs and opportunities they need for long- term economic security. While we are doing that, we are also going to con-tinue to focus on the rest of the work the American people elected us to do. As I have said before, Congress can walk and chew gum at the same time. While we have been laser-focused on removing obstacles to economic growth and job creation, we have also accom-plished a lot of other things so far this Congress. By the end of the Obama administra-tion, our Nation’s military was facing a serious readiness shortfall. So this year we made the most significant in-vestment in our military in 15 years, and we are going to continue to make sure that the men and women of our military have the resources they need to meet and defeat the threats of the 21st century. We recently passed legis-lation that makes much needed re-forms to ensure our veterans have ac-cess to the healthcare they need, when and where they need it. We also took action to preserve healthcare for children in need by en-acting the longest extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program in history, and we repealed ObamaCare’s burdensome individual mandate which forced many, many Americans to buy health insurance they didn’t want or couldn’t afford. We passed legislation to fight sex trafficking, to combat opioid abuse, to help community banks, to increase school safety, to keep energy afford-able, and more. Of course, we con-firmed a number of highly qualified judges to fill vacancies in our judicial system. Republicans are working to honor the trust the American people have placed in us. We are fighting to make life better for hard-working Americans. We have accomplished a lot so far this Congress, but we know there is a lot more work to be done. We are up to the challenge. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REFUGEE CRISIS  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, history is a great teacher, if you learn your history. The history of the United States, when it comes to refugees, is a checkered history. Back during World War II, there were people who came to the borders of the United States and begged for our mercy, begged for our help. Nine hun-dred of them were on a ship called the SS St. Louis. They were Jews who came from Europe seeking refuge in the United States from the Nazis. Sadly, the United States turned them away. Several hundred of them were forced back to Europe and died in the Holo-caust. On the floor of this U.S. Senate, a Democratic Senator from New York, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.022 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2984 June 5, 2018 
Robert Wagner, offered a measure to allow 10,000 Jewish children to come to the United States during World War II and escape the possibility of imprison-ment and death during World War II in the Holocaust. That measure was de-feated on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Those children were denied refuge in the United States. Toward the end of the war, things started changing. Our policies became more open. We started accepting more people, but the record had been writ-ten. During the darkest days of World War II, the United States virtually closed its borders to those who were trying to escape Nazi terror. After World War II, we decided we were wrong, that we had made a mis-take, and that the United States would demonstrate to the world that we did care about those who came to the United States as refugees and those who came from other countries seeking asylum. We wrote an amazing history after World War II. When you think of the many different nations that turned to us when they faced the worst cir-cumstances imaginable, you think about what happened in the United States. The Cuban population escaping com-munism in Cuba, where did they come? They came here, and you can still find them. You can find them all over the United States but especially in Florida, near Miami, in New Jersey—but every-where. The Cuban Americans have made an amazing contribution to this country. They came as refugees, but they became real Americans. In fact, they love this country so much so that I believe three of our Members of the U.S. Senate are Cuban Americans today. That is quite a story, but it is not the only story about refugees coming to this country. You could add to that lit-any of people who came the Viet-namese after the end of the war in Vietnam, the Soviet Jews who escaped persecution in Russia to come to the United States, and the list is long. It includes refugees from all over the world who came to this country. Now, we don’t just open our doors and say: Walk in and make yourself at home. We ask questions. We do back-ground checks. We do everything we can to be sure the person coming is the person they say they are and that they will be safe for the United States. Over the years, the number of refu-gees we accepted on an annual basis went up to 80,000 and 100,000, and the United States developed an inter-national reputation—a reputation for caring for people who were in the worst circumstances who came here looking for refuge. I run into refugees, their families, their children, and their grandchildren every single day. They have made a great contribution to our country, and we have made a great model for the world when it comes to accepting people who are in the worst, most terrifying circumstances. That is about to change. We are in the process now of facing the worst ref-ugee crisis in the history of the world in so many different places, and the United States, instead of maintaining this image and this model of accepting refugees from other countries, under President Donald Trump, has decided to do just the opposite. It would cut in half the number of refugees we would clear, review, interrogate, and accept in the United States each year to 45,000, which is the official number, but in actuality only about 14,000 have been accepted so far in the few months of this year. It is an indication we will not even reach 45,000. There is something going on as well when it comes to those who seek asy-lum or refuge in this country that is equally horrifying and objectionable. The Trump administration has decided to discourage those who would come to our borders looking for safety by tell-ing mothers who bring their infants and children that those children will be taken away from them by the Govern-ment of the United States when they arrive at our border. It is hard to imag-ine, but that is the stated policy now of the Trump administration. It is a cruel policy. It is not a policy consistent with American values. Since our Nation’s tragic failure dur-ing World War II to help Jewish refu-gees fleeing Adolph Hitler, generations of Americans have tried to set an ex-ample for the world by providing a safe haven to the world’s most vulnerable people. Now we face the worst refugee crisis in the history of the world, with more than 65 million people around the world displaced from their homes, but the Trump administration is admitting the fewest refugees since World War II and going to extreme lengths to pre-vent victims of war and terrorism from seeking asylum in the United States. So far this year, about 15,000 unac-companied children have been appre-hended at our southwest border. This is not necessarily a crisis in a nation of 325 million people, especially at a time when we are asking friendly nations— our allies in the Middle East—to do much more in accepting refugees. The real crisis that gives cause to people showing up at our southern bor-der asking for asylum can be traced to three countries—Honduras, El Sal-vador, and Guatemala—the so-called Northern Triangle. These countries in Central America have among the high-est homicide rates in the world. Young girls face a constant threat of sexual violence with little or no protection. That is why families are doing des-perate things, taking extraordinary risks to come to our border and ask for protection. Is there any parent who would not do the same to save their child? How has the Trump administration responded to this refugee crisis on our border? They are trying to discourage families from fleeing to our borders by separating parents from their children. In March, we learned in my office in Chicago about a 7-year-old girl and her mother who came from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. I have been there. It is a land of terrible massacres, barbarism. It is a land of violence. The Democratic Republic of the Congo had these two, a mother and daughter, come to our shores. They were sepa-rated for 4 months—a 7-year-old girl from her mother. I asked the Department of Homeland Security inspector general to inves-tigate this. Why would we separate a 7- year-old girl from her mom who is coming from the Congo seeking protec-tion? Well, at the time, the Trump ad-ministration said: We don’t separate families. That was the official state-ment at the time. Last month, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the separa-tion of children from their parents was a new ‘‘zero tolerance’’ approach, and now family separation has become the official policy of the Government of the United States of America. In just the first 2 weeks of this policy under Attorney General Sessions, 658 children have been impacted. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly says separating families is ‘‘a tough deterrent’’ to parents who are fleeing persecution, and he dismissed any concerns because ‘‘the children will be taken care of—put into foster care or whatever.’’ Well, our Nation’s leading medical experts disagree. The American Acad-emy of Pediatrics and the American Medical Association have condemned this official policy of the Trump ad-ministration separating families in im-migration detention. Here is what the President of the American Academy of Pediatrics said: 
Separating children from their parents contradicts everything we stand for as pedia-tricians—protecting and promoting chil-dren’s health. In fact, highly stressful experi-ences, like family separation, can cause ir-reparable harm, disrupting a child’s brain ar-chitecture and affecting his or her short- and long-term health. This type of prolonged ex-posure to serious stress—known as toxic stress—can carry lifelong consequences for these children. 
The Trump administration has been taking some heat, deservedly, for sepa-rating families. In typical fashion—no surprise—they have decided the real cause of the problem would be the Democrats. Just this morning, Presi-dent Trump tweeted: ‘‘Separating fami-lies at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats,’’ but the law he is talking about wasn’t passed by the Democrats. It is the bi-partisan Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Reauthorization Act, which was passed by unanimous consent in the Senate and was signed into law by Re-publican President George W. Bush. President Trump has his facts wrong again. This law has nothing to do with the separation of families. Instead, it en-sures the United States meets its inter-national obligations to protect unac-companied children seeking safe haven in our country. It was a response to concerns by Republicans and Demo-crats that children apprehended by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.026 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2985 June 5, 2018 
Border Patrol were being returned to countries where they might be further persecuted or killed. Under this law, unaccompanied chil-dren from the Northern Triangle coun-tries I mentioned earlier are trans-ferred to the Department of Health and Human Services and placed in deporta-tion proceedings, giving them a chance to make their case to a judge as to why they are seeking protection in Amer-ica. Consider ‘‘Samuel’’ and ‘‘Amelie,’’ who are siblings, ages 3 and 6, from Honduras. They are 3 and 6. When they arrived in the United States, they were traumatized and refused to speak. After months of counseling, Amelie re-vealed that both children had been raped by drug cartel members. Without the protection of this law which the President condemned this morning, these children would have been re-turned to Honduras and almost certain exploitation or death. Two weeks ago, there was a hearing on unaccompanied children in the Sen-ate Immigration Subcommittee which I serve on as a ranking member. We ex-amined the administration’s claim that the law the President objects to is being exploited by gangs. Here is what we learned: Unaccompanied children undergo multiple screenings and background checks when they present themselves at the border, and the law gives the government the authority to place any unaccompanied child in a secure facil-ity if there is any notion of a threat. Since the year 2012, 6 years ago, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection has processed more than 250,000 unac-companied children. Of those, how many were confirmed or suspected of affiliation with the MS–13 gang that the President talks about nonstop? Sixty. It was 60 out of 250,000—60 over 6 years, which is 10 a year, fewer than 1 a month. The President says we have to separate these kids because of drug gang worries. I don’t want a single member of any gang anywhere admit-ted into this country, period. For good-ness’ sake, 250,000 children and 60 over a 6-year period were confirmed or sus-pected of affiliation with MS–13? In-stead of stoking fears, we should focus on preventing unaccompanied children from being recruited by gangs. Sadly, the Trump administration’s budget is slashing funding for the Of-fice of Refugee Resettlement, the gov-ernment agency that is responsible for these important gang prevention ef-forts. At our hearing, we also discussed the conditions in the Northern Triangle countries in Central America that are driving families to flee to our border. If people were migrating because of the so-called legal loopholes, which we hear so often about from this adminis-tration, they wouldn’t be just coming from three countries; they would be coming from all over the region, but we learned more than 90 percent of the un-accompanied kids referred to the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices are from three nations—the three of the Northern Triangle. Instead of addressing the root causes that are driving migration from these countries, the Trump administration is making the situation on the ground worse. The administration’s budget re-quest for the region would slash aid by more than one-third, and the adminis-tration is terminating the temporary protected status for two of these coun-tries—El Salvador and Honduras, forc-ing many people to return to them even though these countries are clearly unstable. Last year, the administration also ended the Central American Minors Program, which permitted children from the Northern Triangle to apply for refugee resettlement from their home country. We said to mothers with their babies and their infants: Don’t make this dangerous journey. If you are in danger in your home country and want to seek asylum or refuge in the United States, make the applica-tion from where you are before you have to make that journey. Unfortu-nately, that came to an end with the administration’s request to stop the program. There are many issues to come before the American people but few that have stoked emotions more than this issue. The notion that the United States of America—over 300 million good and caring people—would make it an offi-cial policy to separate these infants and toddlers and children from their mothers and fathers is not American. It is extreme, it is mean, and it is cruel. Sadly, it is the official policy— the so-called zero-tolerance policy that has been announced by Attorney Gen-eral Sessions. We learned a bitter lesson back in World War II. We ignored the realities of human suffering. People across the world asked: What is going on in Amer-ica? What are their values? After that war, we tried to make it clear what we do stand for, the things that are clear-ly important, and now this administra-tion has decided we can no longer af-ford to do that. We have to separate children from their mothers, separate them by thousands of miles, put them into foster care, remove them from their mothers, even if that parent qualifies for protection here in the United States under our laws of asy-lum. This is a sad and cruel policy. I hope Americans across the board will stand up and speak up. We are a better Na-tion than this. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. BIG BANKS AND THE SECOND AMENDMENT  
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I rise today because, in my judgement, we are in the midst of a deeply troubling trend regarding banking and the Sec-ond Amendment. I know that seems a bit strange. What does banking have to do with the Second Amendment? I have wondered that myself. Allow me to ex-plain. We have 120 million gun owners in America. Like those Americans, I am alarmed by the activist anti-gun poli-cies unveiled by the ‘‘we are smarter than you’’ financial elites who run two Wall Street banks: Citigroup and Bank of America. They have a political agen-da, and those banks’ political agenda stands to hurt many small businesses in my State of Louisiana that are going to lose their banking services simply because these small businesses choose to exercise their constitu-tionally protected Second Amendment rights. On March 22 of this year, Citigroup issued a press release. That press re-lease detailed how Citigroup will penal-ize banking clients who follow Federal, State, and local gun laws. Citigroup’s new policy will tell businesses what kinds of firearms they can stock, what kinds of accessories those small busi-nesses can stock in their stores, and who they can sell them to. I thought this was America. This new policy has already taken ef-fect all across Citigroup, and it has im-pacted hundreds of small businesses, institutional clients, and even their credit card partners. Not to be outdone, 2 weeks later, Bank of America joined in. On April 10, Bank of America announced that it will no longer loan money to busi-nesses that, in its opinion, are ‘‘deplorables’’ because those businesses manufacture legal semiautomatic ri-fles. Targeting firearms owners and business owners is not only an affront to responsible, law-abiding, constitu-tional gun owners across this country; it is a threat to the sanctity of our very Constitution and the Second Amendment. I realize that the management of these two banks have a constitution whose bill of rights jumps from one to three, but I can assure them that in the Constitution read by the rest of Amer-ica, there is a Second Amendment. I have written to both the chief exec-utive officers of Citigroup and Bank of America about my concerns, and they have yet to respond. I understand that Mr. Brian Moynihan, the CEO of Bank of America, is actually here in Wash-ington lobbying folks on Capitol Hill this week. I suppose he was too busy to come by and address my concerns. Once again, I invite him to come by my office and speak about this in person. I can’t overstate the gravity of this issue. It is important for consumers and businesses all across America. Both Citigroup and Bank of America are considered by the U.S. Government to be ‘‘systemically important banks.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.027 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2986 June 5, 2018 
That means they are too big to fail. That is why the American taxpayers had to bail them out in 2009. The American taxpayers, many of whom Citigroup and Bank of America now condescend to across our great land, gave Citigroup $476 billion of their hard-earned money—not $476 mil-lion to bail out Citigroup, $476 billion. And the American taxpayers, many of whom choose to exercise their rights under the Second Amendment and whom these banks are trying to now punish, gave Bank of America $336 bil-lion in 2008 and 2009 to keep them from going broke. These banks are supposed to act as a source of credit for households and businesses and local and State govern-ments and as a source of liquidity for the entire banking system, but that also means their corporate policies will have ripple effects through every cor-ner of our economy, from consumers and businesses of all sizes to banks and nonbank holding companies. If the banking system worked like a grocery store, I would still disagree with these new anti-gun rules by Citigroup and Bank of America, but I would respect their rights to enact whatever corporate policies align with their beliefs. But banks are not grocery stores. A grocery store doesn’t need a government charter to operate. A gro-cery store doesn’t have a government corporation backed by the taxpayers of this country to insure their deposits. A grocery store doesn’t have a govern-ment bank that pays them interest. Banks do. One grocery store doesn’t get so big that it lends and borrows and buys and sells from nearly every other grocery store in the country. Citigroup does, and so does Bank of America. A grocery store doesn’t need an $812.3 billion bailout from the American tax-payers, many of whom choose to exer-cise their rights under the U.S. Con-stitution, including, but not limited to, the Second Amendment. Citigroup and Bank of America have decided to make banking a red-versus- blue issue by trampling on the Second Amendment rights of small business owners and therefore all Americans. If additional big consumer banks come out with similar anti-Second Amendment policies, it will get harder and harder for businesses in my State of Louisiana and small businesses in other States and elsewhere to find banking services. We will have red banks, and we will have blue banks. I don’t think that is what we want in America. I want to make sure that the Federal Government isn’t rewarding this be-havior with even more taxpayer dol-lars. I think $1 trillion to bail out these two banks by the American taxpayers is quite enough. I have already petitioned the General Services Administration to cancel the Federal Government’s $700 billion con-tract with Citigroup, and I have urged officials in the State of Louisiana to reevaluate all State contracts with any Wall Street bank that chooses to im-plement an extra-legal policy that in-fringes on the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Citigroup and Bank of America owe their continued existence to the gen-erosity of the American taxpayer. If it weren’t for the American taxpayer, there would be no Citigroup; there would be no Bank of America. I find it very disturbing that these Wall Street banks may be profiting from taxpayer- funded contracts at the same time they are pushing a political agenda—and that is what it is, a political agenda— and severing ties with law-abiding businesses in the process. Given the size of these banks, it is likely that the same is true in States across America. I find it offensive—I find it offen-sive—that Wall Street banks are tak-ing taxpayer dollars with one hand and condescending to them with their ‘‘we know better than you do’’ attitude by using the other hand to come after the guns those taxpayers lawfully own under the Second Amendment. Rather than impose its political agenda on law-abiding citizens, these Wall Street banks ought to remember how tax-payers spent billions of dollars—almost $1 trillion—to bail them out after the 2008 financial crisis. They owe a tre-mendous debt to the American people, and it seems they have a very short memory. We don’t need red banks in America. We don’t need blue banks in America. We need safe banks in America. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO DENNIS WILLIAMS  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to someone who has been fighting for working men and women his entire career. Just for a moment, let’s think back to 1977. The top movie that year was ‘‘Star Wars’’—the original one—and the average movie ticket cost $2.23. The Apple II computer went on sale. It cost $1,298, not including the television you needed to use for a monitor. The space shuttle Enterprise took its first test flight, perched on top of a Boeing 747. And a young Marine Corps veteran and salvage welder at J.I. Case first joined UAW Local 806 in Rock Island, IL. He began fighting at that point for workers’ rights. A few things have changed since then. ‘‘Star Wars’’ and Apple have evolved, and the space shuttle has re-tired. Yet one thing hasn’t changed: Dennis Williams is just as dedicated to the working men and women of the UAW today as he was four decades ago. Over the years, he has served them in a number of ways, including negotiating the first contract at Mitsubishi Motors North America in Bloomington, IL; or-ganizing Indiana State employees; helping Local 844 in Vermont, IL, ob-tain their first contract; and serving locals throughout the nine States of Region 4. In 2010, he was elected UAW’s sec-retary-treasurer. In 2014, he was elect-ed United Auto Workers’ president, a position he has held with distinction since then. It hasn’t been an easy time to lead the UAW. The great recession hit the American automobile industry very hard. Some folks thought we should just let the auto industry go bankrupt. Instead, the United Auto Workers made sacrifices, stood strong, stood together, and weathered the storm. Under Dennis Williams’ leader-ship, the UAW ended 2017 with a fiscal surplus for the third straight year and with more than 430,000 members—up 60,000 members since 2011. It is no sur-prise. Anyone who has worked with Dennis knows just how dedicated he is to his members and to the commu-nities where they live and where they work. Just ask the people of Flint. During the water crisis—which, by the way, continues on—UAW members from all over the country were some of the first ones there to help. They collected bot-tled water and distributed it in their own vehicles, going door to door to help, even traveling to Washington, DC, to demand action from Congress. We are so pleased that they helped us get action to help the families in Flint. That tells us a little something about the character of the members of the UAW. Yet, it also tells us a little bit about their leader—a man who long ago signed up to serve his country and has simply never stopped. I think that Dennis would say it is about solidarity. He wrote in an editorial in the Detroit News last month: We believe that no matter where you come from, who you are, what language you speak, or what religion you practice—being in a union is about working men and women standing up for each other. That’s how it was in 1935 when the UAW was formed, and that’s how it is now. 
To Dennis Williams, thank you for your service, your hard work, and your dedication to making life better for working men and women so that we can actually have and sustain and grow an American middle class. I know that the members of the UAW join me in wishing you the very best in your well- earned retirement. I know that my partner and col-league from Michigan will be coming to the floor in just a bit. Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.029 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2987 June 5, 2018 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, the his-tory of the United Auto Workers is at the heart of what has made the United States a global economic powerhouse. It is tied to the growth of the thriving manufacturing sector and the birth of the American middle class. Dennis Williams, UAW president since 2014, is a strong contributor to this history. His leadership reflects a deep commitment to American work-ers and a clear eye toward the future. Since the union’s formation in 1935, UAW members have stood together to ensure that their hard work is met with fair wages, safe workplaces, and reasonable hours. For over 80 years, the voice of the UAW has amplified the voice of the American worker. Dennis Williams is a champion of keeping this voice strong in the 21st century. Williams joined UAW Local 806 as a salvage welder in 1977, following his service in the U.S. Marine Corps. There, he started his long path of elect-ed union leadership and served as chairman of the Bargaining Com-mittee. In the coming years, Williams would rise to the positions of inter-national representative, Region 4 as-sistant director, and Region 4 director. In 2010, UAW members elected him as secretary-treasurer, followed by the presidency in 2014. No matter what position Williams undertook during his decades of UAW leadership, he always stayed true to his roots. After becoming UAW president, he prioritized visiting union plants and locals to engage with members di-rectly. He stated: ‘‘I love the smell of black coffee and the smoke of the fac-tory and walking up to UAW members and saying, ‘brother’ or ‘sister’.’’ His passion for everything the UAW stands for, along with his businesslike approach to tough decisions, enabled Williams to take on some difficult challenges during his presidency. Just as Williams started in his role, Michigan—home to around one-third of UAW members—had recently become a so-called right-to-work State. Michi-gan is now one of 28 States with poli-cies designed to undermine union par-ticipation and workers’ rights to col-lective bargaining. Despite tides of State and Federal anti-worker efforts, Williams remained practical and opti-mistic about overcoming any chal-lenges that came the UAW’s way. He emphasized the importance of sitting down and talking through issues rather than resorting to confrontation. Williams was steadfast about not giv-ing up on organizing, and he has ac-tively pursued new approaches to orga-nizing that would keep the UAW strong in the future. His strategy has defi-nitely paid off. During Williams’ ten-ure, he successfully fought for the es-tablishment of local unions at Volks-wagen and Mercedes locations in the United States and for casino workers in Las Vegas. Under Williams’ leader-ship, UAW membership has increased by almost 7 percent—over 27,000 new members—between 2014 and 2017. The growth rate and membership over this past year has been the highest in a 1- year period since 2010. I am deeply honored by Dennis Wil-liams’ representation of over 430,000 UAW members, including tens of thou-sands of workers in my State of Michi-gan. I wish him well in his retirement, along with his wife, Donna, of 43 years, his sons, Ryan and Matthew, and his grandchildren, Kendahl and Kai. I know I speak on behalf of many Michigan workers when I sincerely thank Dennis Williams for his admi-rable service as the UAW’s 11th presi-dent. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 30 years ago this month, Dr. James Han-sen testified before the U.S. Congress on the need to address climate change—30 years ago this month. He was a top NASA climate scientist. On a hot summer day in June of 1988, before the U.S. Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Dr. Hansen tes-tified that ‘‘global warming has reached a level such that we can as-cribe with a high degree of confidence a cause and effect relationship between the greenhouse effect and observed warming.’’ He said, ‘‘It is already hap-pening now.’’ Thirty years have passed since then— 30 years of added science, 30 years of new science, 30 years of updated re-ports, and 30 years of mounting evi-dence of how right Hansen was. Yet, here we still are in Congress still will-fully ignoring the unprecedented changes to the climate and the oceans—changes that threaten our planet and its rich array of plant and animal life, changes that put at risk homes, farms, forests, and coasts, changes that affect our very human health and well-being. These are not computer model projections of the dis-tant future but changes we are seeing right before our very eyes now. Carbon-driven climate change is par-ticularly acute in polar areas. Today, I want to focus on the melting and de-stabilization of the Antarctic polar ice cap. Rhode Island is a long way from Ant-arctica. Florida is a less long way from Antarctica—it is still a pretty long way—but we are coastal States. In Rhode Island, the sea level is already up 11 inches along our shores, and far more sea level rise, accelerating sea level rise, is expected. The coastal towns and cities in the Presiding Offi-cer’s State are seeing similar encroach-ments of the ocean into their terri-tories. Here is how Antarctica is changing and what it means for our American shores. The Antarctic ice sheet spans the South Pole, extending almost 14 mil-lion square kilometers—roughly the size of the contiguous United States and Mexico combined. The Antarctic ice sheet is the largest single mass of frozen water on planet Earth, con-taining 30 million cubic kilometers of ice. If the Antarctic ice sheet were to melt completely, you could actually do fairly simple math as to what would happen to that water. Sea levels could rise 200 feet above current levels, en-gulfing coastal regions worldwide. This map shows Florida if we lose the West Antarctic ice sheet. As the map shows, it would inundate much of coastal and southern Florida, putting Miami and other cities completely un-derwater. It looks about the same here, if you lose the Greenland ice sheet, with there being similar damage and loss to Florida. Yet, here, if you lose the East Antarctic ice sheet, you more or less wipe out the entire State of Florida. You wipe out a few little is-lands here, a little nub below Georgia there, but essentially Florida is gone. Imagine the entire population of Florida having to migrate to other States with its State now being un-inhabitable. It seems like a crazy no-tion, but Kentucky’s climate planning documents have included the prospect of climate refugees having to flee to Kentucky from America’s inundated coasts. So it matters to understand how Antarctic ice sheets work and how they differ from ice shelves. Ice sheets form on land when more snow accumulates in winter than melts during the summer. Over thousands of years, layers of snow pile up, growing thicker and denser as the weight of new layers compacts the layers below into ice. Over time, that ice flows downhill to the coasts and then ulti-mately out to sea as glaciers and then ice shelves. Floating ice shelves surround Ant-arctica. These shelves physically brace the land-based ice sheet, slowing down its flow into the sea. A rough balance emerges as new snowfall on the ice sheets and the slow flow of the ice bal-ance the melting of the ice shelf around the periphery where the ice shelf meets the ocean. We are now wit-nessing what appears to be an unravel-ing of this equilibrium. Climate change is what is causing this massive desta-bilization. Since 1950, on the Antarctic Penin-sula, the air has warmed 2.5 degrees Celsius. Warming ocean waters erode the West Antarctic ice sheets from below as the warming air melts them from above. Once the ice shelf melts back, you have the loss of the buttress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.030 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2988 June 5, 2018 
effect, and the ice sheet on land can then accelerate, with that buttress ef-fect diminished, more rapidly into the sea, causing a more rapid rise in sea level. The effect of this is actually measur-able, and we measure it. Observations from the NASA and German Aerospace Center’s twin Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment satellites measure these losses to be around 125 gigatons of ice per year. What is a gigaton of ice? A gigaton is 1 billion tons. Mere-dith Nettles of the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia Univer-sity described a gigaton-sized piece of ice this way: ‘‘If you took the whole National Mall’’—here we are in Wash-ington—‘‘and covered it up with ice to a height about four times as high as the [Washington] monument. . . . ‘’ Imagine walking out onto the Capitol steps, looking out all the way down the National Mall to the Washington Monument and imagining that not only to the top of the Washington Monument but four times as high is a single, giant mass of ice—as she said, ‘‘all the way down from the Capitol steps to the Lincoln Memorial’’ and four times as high as the Washington Monument. Then imagine 125 times that—every year. The destabilization of the ice shelves is most dire in West Antarctica, where research shows the massive Thwaites Glacier retreating at 300 to 400 meters per year along a 125-mile segment. Larger than Pennsylvania, the Thwaites Glacier has discharged more than 100 gigatons of ice per year in re-cent years. That is the flood of 100 of those blocks that are four times the height of the Washington Monument and running from here all the way to the Lincoln Memorial 100 times every 3 days—another one into the ocean, pil-ing up, piling up. If we lost the Thwaites Glacier, that alone would contribute several meters to global sea level rise. So far, in Rhode Island, remember, we are dealing with less than 1 foot of sea level rise that we have experi-enced—6 to 12 feet is predicted—but add this in and the situation of our coastal States become quite dire. These images were created with NASA satellite data. They show changes in Antarctic ice mass just since 2002. This data does not measure the floating ice shelves which are shown here in gray. On the ice sheets, dark orange and red colors indicate losses of ice sheet mass and light-blue shades indicate gains. Climate deniers focus on the gains in actually a fraudu-lent abuse of the data and the public’s trust, but that is what they do; but, overall, during the past 15 years, the West Antarctic ice sheet experienced major ice mass loss. The darkest red, representing the biggest loss, is at the Thwaites Glacier. Of course, when glaciers melt, the seas rise. In April, a U.S. Geological Survey study, funded by the Pentagon, found that our military bases on low- elevation islands may become uninhab-itable within mere decades. The rec-ommendation is, we have to start plan-ning to relocate them because they will no longer be useful. Just 2 weeks ago, our National Park Service released a report showing sea level rise damaging park sites like Jamestown and Assateague Island in Virginia and Jean Lafitte National Historical Park in Louisiana. NASA is concerned enough about this Antarctic ice situation that it is launching new satellites to mon-itor it. Fossil fuel industry front groups con-tinue to deny and disparage the work of scientists at NOAA, NASA, and other Federal scientific agencies. The polluters have an obedient mouthpiece in the Wall Street Journal editorial page, which just last month ran cli-mate denier Fred Singer denying that rising sea levels observed around the globe are the result of global warming, and of course saying it is not the result of carbon pollution or fossil fuels. The Journal page, of course, neglects to mention this denier’s deep connections to the fossil fuel industry, the Heritage Foundation, the Heartland Institute, the CATO Institute, and other climate denial front groups bankrolled by ExxonMobil and the oil industry and the Koch political apparatus. We even heard a Republican Con-gressman claim that erosion and rocks falling into the sea are what is driving sea level rise—anything but fossil fuel. He said, ‘‘Every time you have that soil or rock or whatever it is that is de-posited into the seas, that forces the sea levels to rise, because now you have less space in those oceans, be-cause the bottom is moving up.’’ It is laughable. Phil Duffy, president of the Woods Hole Research Center and former adviser to the U.S. Global Change Research Program responded: ‘‘On human time scales, those are min-iscule effects.’’ Once again, anything for the fossil fuel industry. Complete subservience to the fossil fuel industry seems to be the rule around Congress. About this sordid political equation, retired U.S. Navy RADM Dr. David Titley probably said it best. He said: 
The ice doesn’t care. The ice doesn’t care who is in the White House. It doesn’t care which party controls your Congress. It doesn’t care which party controls your Par-liament. It just melts. 
Of course, in addition to the melt, a warming ocean expands, following the law of thermal expansion, and our coasts, as a result, face new and serious dangers. Republicans in Congress can continue to ignore all of the evidence, but that doesn’t change what our carbon pollu-tion does in the atmosphere and the oceans. Our carbon pollution will still trap heat in the atmosphere. It will still acidify the oceans. The laws of chemistry don’t suspend because we can’t pass sensible laws to solve this problem. The chemistry and the phys-ics of these effects of our carbon pollu-tion don’t care what we do. The polar icecaps melting don’t care that fossil fuel flunkies deny it. Denial of these facts doesn’t protect our coasts and doesn’t protect our coastal commu-nities from looming danger. One day soon, we are going to have to wake up. Fossil fuel influence or no fossil fuel influence, we are going to have to wake up. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the confirmation vote on the Axon nomination occur at 11 a.m. on Wednesday, June 6; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the June 4, 2018, vote on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 542, the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, of Kentucky, to be United States district judge for the Eastern District of Ken-tucky. I would have voted yea. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 112, on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, of Kentucky, to be United States district judge for the Eastern District of Ken-tucky. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 113, on the nomination of Robert Earl Wier, of Kentucky, to be United States district judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 114, on the motion to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.039 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2989 June 5, 2018 
invoke cloture on the nomination of Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., of Texas, to be United States district judge for the Southern District of Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM P. GETTY ∑Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the retirement of William P. Getty as president of the Claude Worthington Benedum Founda-tion. Since 1999, Pat has served as president of the foundation, and during his tenure, the region has been blessed with significant opportunities to grow and diversify the economy. Established in 1944, the Claude Wor-thington Benedum Foundation issues grants primarily in West Virginia and southwestern Pennsylvania. The region served by the foundation is a tribute to the founder Michael Benedum’s native home of West Virginia and his strong connection to Pittsburgh, PA, where he built a successful oil and gas explo-ration business. The foundation admin-isters grants that support education, economic development, health and human services, and community devel-opment. Pat’s leadership as president has fo-cused on regional collaboration to cap-ture economic opportunity. First and foremost, the discovery of the Marcellus, Utica, and Rogersville shale deposits have created tremendous op-portunity for West Virginia, Pennsyl-vania, and Ohio to not only explore these natural resources but to also cap-ture more downstream value in affili-ated sectors of the economy. Pat’s leadership in fostering a regional ap-proach and cooperation between lead-ers in the three States has been instru-mental to creating initiatives like the ‘‘Power of 32’’ site development fund and the tristate shale agreement that will help the region maximize the ben-efit of this opportunity. In addition, he has been an invaluable partner and am-bassador for the Appalachian Storage and Trading Hub project, participating in meetings with private sector leaders and government leaders to stress the importance of this project to the re-gion. By working together, we can truly realize the potential for thou-sands of new jobs and billions in pri-vate sector investment. Pat’s contributions as president ex-tends well beyond the energy sector. Under his leadership, the foundation has been a leader in focusing on the im-portance of STEM education, advanced manufacturing, and transitioning the region to a more technology based economy. Each of these areas is a sig-nificant growth opportunity for the re-gion, while at the same time is a trib-ute to the region’s history as a leader in manufacturing and developing nat-ural resources. Pat has also been in-strumental in working with commu-nity, State, and Federal leaders to maximize Federal resources and part-nerships to spur economic growth. I wish Pat the best in his retirement and hope that he enjoys this special time with his wife, children, and grand-children. I know that he will remain engaged as an ambassador for West Virginia and the region.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO THE DALTON BROTHERS ∑Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, May 8 of this year marked the 73rd anniver-sary of the end of War II in Europe. It was a time to remember the sacrifice of over 400,000 Americans who were killed and over 650,000 Americans who were wounded while fighting to defend our freedoms. In that spirit, I would like to call attention to the story of one of my constituents, James Dalton, and his three brothers: Robert, Rufus, and Harry. These four brothers served in the U.S. military during World War II at the same time, which was ex-tremely rare. Their story is remark-able. The Dalton brothers, who I am happy to say are still with us today, were born in Charlotte, NC, along with their sister Sally. While three of the Dalton brothers still live in Carolina, James Dalton ultimately settled in Atlanta, GA. Robert Dalton, Jr., the eldest broth-er, was deployed in 1944. He landed in France and served as platoon leader in Company I, 3rd Battalion, 121st Regi-ment of the 8th Division. On September 2, 1944, he was wounded in action. After recovering from his wounds, he spent the remainder of his time in Europe with the 29th Infantry Regiment and advanced to the rank of captain. After returning to the United States, he was discharged with the rank of major. Be-cause of his service, he received a Pur-ple Heart Medal, the Bronze Star, the EAME Service Medal with five Bronze Stars, and the World War II Victory Medal. James Dalton entered military serv-ice in 1943 at the age of 20 and sailed for Europe in November 1944. He served behind the in the Rhineland and Cen-tral Europe campaigns. He achieved the rank of technical sergeant and was decorated with the American Theater Service Medal, EAME Service Medal with two Bronze Stars, Good Conduct Medal, and World War II Victory Medal. Rufus Dalton was deployed in Octo-ber 1944, landing in Marseilles, France. His unit entered the line in the Vosges Mountains in November 1944. They were in constant contact with the Ger-man Army until April 1945. At one point, Rufus was injured with a shrap-nel wound to the head; yet he still re-turned to his unit the next day. Rufus was awarded the Purple Heart and Bronze star for his service. The youngest of the four brothers, Harry, entered into military service the day before his 18th birthday in 1945. Harry entered the Naval Radio School and served at the Shelton Naval Sta-tion in Norfolk, Virginia. He also re-ceived the World War II Victory Medal and achieved the rank of yeoman third class. The sacrifice and service of these four brothers is laudable and so is their work in their communities after the war. Between them, the four brothers went on to hold leadership positions in business, the arts, charitable organiza-tions, and their churches over the course of long and successful careers. I am proud to take this opportunity to honor the life and military service of one of my constituents and his fam-ily. The story of the Dalton brothers is an inspiration to us all. I join the en-tire country in thanking them for their service in one of our country’s darkest yet most heroic hours. Thank you.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KYLE DENCKER ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I am honored to recognize Kyle Dencker, the Orange County Teacher of the Year from Timber Creek High School in Or-lando, FL. Kyle thanked colleagues, mentors, and administrators for receiving this award and challenged educators to make computer science available at all of the county’s public schools. He be-lieves every student should have the opportunity to take computer science. Colleagues say Kyle recruits students who traditionally avoided computer science, sometimes just by walking around campus, introducing himself and explaining why they might want to learn to code. He has earned national awards for his efforts to recruit young women into computer science and help them succeed in those classes. Many students have found success in his classroom, in State competitions, and in securing internships. He had 186 students take advanced placement computer science principles last school year, and nearly 77 percent passed the AP exam, exceeding the national rate. Kyle has been a computer science teacher at Timber Creek High School for 9 years. In that time, enrollment in the school’s computer science classes has grown from about 30 students to nearly 400, making it the largest such program in the Orange school district. He has spent nearly a decade getting students to see past the stereotypes re-garding computer classes. I thank Kyle for his dedication to ex-panding computer science to students that were previously uninterested in this important subject. I express my sincere gratitude to Kyle and look for-ward to hearing of his continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JASON POOLE ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Jason Poole, the Clay County Teacher of the Year from Fleming Is-land High School in Fleming Island, FL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.024 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2990 June 5, 2018 
Jason was named Teacher of the Year because he represents the core values of Clay County District schools: hard work, integrity, and respect. He acts as an example for everyone in the teach-ing profession. Jason said it was an honor to receive this award and is thankful for all of his colleagues and administrative staff who have sup-ported him throughout his time at Fleming Island High School. He be-lieves there are many great teachers throughout Clay County and will do his best to represent them. Jason graduated from Western New England University with a degree in English literature in 2005. He teaches AICE Global Perspectives and coaches cross-country, a program he started at the school after he began teaching in 2006. I extend my sincere thanks and grati-tude to Jason for his dedication to his students and look forward to hearing of his continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATE STURMAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Kate Sturman, the Flagler County Teacher of the Year from Rymfire Elementary School in Palm Coast, FL. When Kate was named Teacher of the Year, she was honored because she felt there were many other amazing teach-ers at their annual celebration. Her fel-low teachers believe she goes above and beyond for students by always volun-teering to help with afterschool activi-ties and has been flexible by teaching second, fifth, and sixth grade. As she describes, there is nothing more rewarding than watching a stu-dent blossom from a seed into a mag-nificent flower. Kate considers herself as not only a teacher for her students, but as a cheerleader, advocate, and friend. She believes to have the most rewarding job in the world and loves teaching for these reasons. Kate is in her 16th year as a teacher and has been with Flagler Schools since 2005. She moved to Rymfire Ele-mentary School in 2006, teaching sec-ond grade for 10 years and sixth grade for 1 year. She currently teaches fifth grade English language arts and social studies. She is also a coach with the school’s Future Problem Solvers and Community Problem Solvers. I express my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Kate for all her hard work for her students, and I extend my best wishes for her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KAITLIN VAN HEUSEN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Kaitlin Van Heusen, the Brad-ford County Teacher of the Year from Bradford Union Technical Center in Starke, FL. After receiving this award, Kaitlin told her peers that her inspiration for teaching comes from the students tak-ing her class. She finds these students to be the ones who are beginning to give up on teachers, the education sys-tem, and their own ability to succeed. Kaitlin takes special pride in watch-ing her students walk across the stage at graduation and speaking in front of their peers. Her joy as an educator comes from seeing their initial strug-gles and witnessing the moment when it all finally comes together for them. Kaitlin graduated from the Univer-sity of Florida in 2015 and Florida Gateway College in 2013. She is an agri-culture and diversified career tech-nology teacher and, since 2016, a Fu-ture Farmers of America adviser at Bradford-Union Technical Center. I express my sincere gratitude to Kaitlin for her dedication to teaching and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO KIERA VARGAS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I am pleased to recognize Kiera Vargas, the Madison County Teacher of the Year from Madison County High School in Madison, FL. Kiera was honored with this award because of her motivation for encour-aging and educating her students. As a teacher, she enjoys all aspects and feels her success comes from her personal interactions with her students. Her students note she listens to their needs and helps in every way she can. These students feel empowered by Kiera as she encourages them to al-ways believe in themselves. She tells them, if they do this while working hard and following their heart, they will achieve their dreams. Kiera feels her students have taught her more than she has taught them. Kiera was offered her first teaching job while planning to take the dental admission test. She originally planned to be a dentist but realized teaching was her true passion. Kiera says she has never looked back since her first teaching job and has no desire to do anything except teach and assist her students. She previously worked at the college level as a full-time lecturer for 7 years, taught in K–12 classrooms for 4 years, and served as an adjunct lecturer for several years. Kiera has a bachelor of science degree in journalism and mass communication with a concentration in public relations, a master of science degree in English education, a juris doctor from the Charlotte School of Law, and her masters in library science and information sciences from Drexel University. I express my appreciation to Kiera for all of the great work she has done for her students and extend my best wishes on her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HIGHLANDS BAR & GRILL ∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Highlands Bar & Grill for winning the 2018 James Beard Foundation Award for outstanding res-taurant on May 7, 2018. After being a finalist for 9 consecu-tive years, the Highlands Bar & Grill has finally won this prestigious award. The James Beard Foundation annually presents awards for culinary excel-lence, and I cannot think of a more de-serving restaurant. Ever since the restaurant’s opening in 1982, executive chef and owner Frank Stitt from Cullman, AL, and his wife, Pardis, from Birmingham, AL, have provided a memorable and hospitable culinary experience. Their commit-ment to providing high-quality food and service have been the foundation for their nationally recognized success. Contributing to the triumph of the restaurant is pastry chef Dolester Miles, who this year won the 2018 James Beard Foundation Award for outstanding pastry chef. One of the original employees of Highlands Bar & Grill, Dolester’s 36-year career is cer-tainly impressive and unparalleled. Frank Stitt’s mentorship and guid-ance have influenced many other chefs in the Birmingham area and beyond. His ever-changing and inspirational menu has elevated the standard for fine Southern cuisine. I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to Highlands Bar & Grill. This restaurant is one of the fin-est restaurants in the United States and is an ambassador to the world of fine Southern cuisine. Please join me in congratulating Highlands Bar & Grill for winning this award and for the restaurant’s nearly four decades of success. I have no doubt that it will continue this path of excel-lence.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate a message from the President of the United States submitting a nomination which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. The message received today is print-ed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE REVISION OF THE DEFERRAL OF CERTAIN BUDGET AUTHORITY—PM 42 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with accompanying reports and papers; pursuant to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.035 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2991 June 5, 2018 
order of January 30, 1975 as modified by the order of April 11, 1986, referred jointly to the Committees on Appro-priations; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Finance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; and the Judiciary: To the Congress of the United States: In accordance with section 1014(c) of the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 685(c)), I am withdrawing four previously proposed rescissions and re-porting revisions to six rescissions pre-viously transmitted to the Congress. The withdrawals are for the Federal Highway Administration Miscellaneous Appropriations and Miscellaneous Highway Trust Funds accounts of the Department of Transportation, the En-vironmental Programs and Manage-ment account of the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Inter-national Disaster Assistance account of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. The six revised rescissions, totaling $896 million, affect the programs of the Departments of Agriculture, Housing and Urban Devel-opment, Labor, and the Treasury, as well as the Corporation for National and Community Service. The details of the rescission with-drawals and each revised rescision are contained in the attached reports. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 5, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, June 5, 2018, he had signed the following en-rolled bills, which were previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY ) of the House: 
H.R. 3663. An act to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. H.R. 4910. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial recep-tacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5515. An act to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, June 5, 2018, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: S. 2372. An act to establish a permanent community care program for veterans, to es-tablish a commission for the purpose of mak-ing recommendations regarding the mod-ernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration, to improve construction of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on Armed Services, without amendment: S. 2987. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–262). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 754. A bill to support meeting our Na-tion’s growing cybersecurity workforce needs by expanding the cybersecurity edu-cation pipeline (Rept. No. 115–263). S. 1520. A bill to expand recreational fish-ing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–264). By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Report to accompany S. 2283, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–265). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. INHOFE: S. 2987. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Armed Services; placed on the calendar. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 2988. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treat-ment of amounts related to employment dis-crimination and harassment in the work-place, including sexual harassment, sexual assault, and harassment based on protected categories; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BENNET: S. 2989. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to encourage soil health, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. R EED, and Mr. S AND-
ERS): S. 2990. A bill to amend the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 to clarify provisions en-acted by the Captive Wildlife Safety Act to further the conservation of prohibited wild-life species; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. GARDNER ): S. 2991. A bill to amend the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 to provide that cyber-security and grid security improvements are eligible for electric loans and loan guaran-tees under that Act; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 2992. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to publish a notice of pro-posed rulemaking concerning seat belts on school buses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 2993. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to include energy storage as renewable energy under the Rural Energy for America Program; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 2994. A bill to deter, prevent, reduce, and respond to harassment in the workplace, in-cluding sexual harassment, sexual assault, and harassment based on protected cat-egories; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. H
OEVEN ): S. 2995. A bill to establish the Rural Export Center, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 2996. A bill to make available necessary disaster assistance for families affected by major disasters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 2997. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to advance carbon utilization technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 2998. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to establish the Defense Quantum Information Consortium, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. P AUL, and Mr. M CCON-
NELL ): S. Res. 532. A resolution designating the week of June 4 through June 10, 2018, as ‘‘Hemp History Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. W ICKER ): S. Res. 533. A resolution commemorating the commissioning of the USS Manchester; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. B LUNT ): S. Res. 534. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Travel and Tourism Week’’ and honoring the valuable contributions of travel and tourism to the United States; considered and agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:30 Sep 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S05JN8.REC S05JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2992 June 5, 2018 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 116 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 116, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit veterans who have a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same manner and to the same extent as retired mem-bers of the Armed Forces entitled to such travel. 
S. 319 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 319, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to establish within the Department of Veterans Af-fairs a center of excellence in the pre-vention, diagnosis, mitigation, treat-ment, and rehabilitation of health con-ditions relating to exposure to burn pits. 
S. 448 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 448, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psychologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist services under the Medicare program. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive co-insurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health pro-fessional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in rec-ognition of his achievements and con-tributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimination against individuals with disabilities who need long-term services and sup-ports, and for other purposes. S. 1212 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1212, a bill to provide family members of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or oth-ers, and law enforcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1633 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1633, a bill to promote innovative ap-proaches to outdoor recreation on Fed-eral land and to open up opportunities for collaboration with non-Federal partners, and for other purposes. 
S. 1653 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1653, a bill to provide for the over-all health and well-being of young peo-ple, including the promotion of lifelong sexual health and healthy relation-ships, and for other purposes. 
S. 1676 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1676, a bill to amend the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 to provide grants for access to broadband tele-communications services in rural areas, and for other purposes. 
S. 1961 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1961, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to temporarily reauthor-ize certain pilot programs under the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2034 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2034, a bill to strengthen resources for entrepreneurs by improving the SCORE program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2038 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2038, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a presump-tion of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 2114 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2114, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 5307th Composite Unit (Provisional), commonly known as ‘‘Merrill’s Marauders’’, in recogni-tion of their bravery and outstanding service in the jungles of Burma during World War II. 
S. 2501 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. BARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2501, a bill to amend the Omni-bus Parks and Public Lands Manage-ment Act of 1996 to provide for the es-tablishment of a Ski Area Fee Reten-tion Account. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2506, a bill to estab-lish an aviation maintenance work-force development pilot program. 
S. 2579 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2579, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and expand a program of surveillance and education, carried out by the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention, re-garding infections associated with in-jection drug use. 
S. 2591 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2591, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitration. 
S. 2633 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2633, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, with re-spect to civil forfeitures relating to certain seized animals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. 
S. 2719 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2719, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to es-tablish a registry to ensure that mem-bers of the Armed Forces who may have been exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances on military installations receive information re-garding such exposure, and for other purposes. 
S. 2735 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2735, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for the estab-lishment of an enhanced cybersecurity assistance and protections for small businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 2764 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Louisiana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.014 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2993 June 5, 2018 
(Mr. C ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2764, a bill to amend and enhance the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Morato-rium Protection Act to improve the conservation of sharks, and for other purposes. 
S. 2880 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2880, a bill to establish a pilot program for long-term rental assist-ance for families affected by major dis-asters in 2017. 
S. 2934 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2934, a bill to increase the recruit-ment and retention of school-based mental health services providers by low-income local educational agencies. 
S. 2938 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2938, a bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to modify provisions relating to hours of service requirements with respect to transportation of livestock and insects, and for other purposes. 
S. 2955 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2955, a bill to reform the Mobility Fund Phase II challenge process conducted by the Federal Com-munications Commission. 
S. 2979 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2979, a bill to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impound-ment Control Act 1974. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 220, a resolution ex-pressing solidarity with Falun Gong practitioners who have lost lives, free-doms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ harvesting, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 526 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 526, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that politicians should not interfere with a woman’s personal health care decisions or attempt to prevent providers from offering their full medical recommendations to their patients. S. RES. 527 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 527, a resolution congratulating the people of Georgia on the 100th anni-versary of its declaration of independ-ence as a democratic republic and re-affirming the strength of the relation-ship between the United States and Georgia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2269 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2269 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 532—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF JUNE 4 THROUGH JUNE 10, 2018, AS ‘‘HEMP HISTORY WEEK’’ Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. P AUL, and Mr. M CCON-
NELL ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 532 Whereas Hemp History Week will be held from June 4 through June 10, 2018; Whereas the goals of Hemp History Week are to commemorate the historical relevance of industrial hemp in the United States and to promote the full growth potential of the industrial hemp industry; Whereas industrial hemp is an agricultural commodity that has been used for centuries to produce many innovative industrial and consumer products, including soap, fabric, textiles, construction materials, clothing, paper, cosmetics, food, and beverages; Whereas the global market for hemp is es-timated to consist of more than 25,000 prod-ucts; Whereas the value of hemp imported into the United States for use in the production of other retail products is estimated at ap-proximately $76,000,000 annually; Whereas the United States hemp industry estimates that the annual market value of hemp retail sales in the United States is more than $688,000,000; Whereas, despite the legitimate uses of hemp, many agricultural producers of the United States are prohibited under current law from growing hemp; Whereas, because most hemp cannot be grown legally in the United States, raw hemp material and hemp products are im-ported for sale in the United States; Whereas the United States is the largest consumer of hemp products in the world, but the United States is the only major industri-alized country that restricts hemp farming; and Whereas industrial hemp holds great po-tential to bolster the agricultural economy of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of June 4 through June 10, 2018, as ‘‘Hemp History Week’’; (2) recognizes the historical relevance of industrial hemp; and (3) recognizes the growing economic poten-tial of industrial hemp. f SENATE RESOLUTION 533—COM-MEMORATING THE COMMIS-SIONING OF THE USS ‘‘MAN-CHESTER’’ Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. H
AS-
SAN, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. W ICKER ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 533 Whereas the State of New Hampshire has a long and distinguished history of military service dating back to 1680, when militia companies were formed in the State to pro-tect the citizens of New Hampshire; Whereas New Hampshire sent 3 regiments of minutemen to Boston in the wake of the skirmishes at Lexington and Concord, and many of those minutemen went on to fight gallantly under the command of then Colo-nel, and future Major General, John Stark at the Battle of Bunker Hill on June 17, 1775; Whereas Portsmouth shipbuilder John Langdon, who would later become a United States Senator, oversaw the construction of some of the first vessels of the United States Navy, including the sloop-of-war the USS Ranger, which was built and equipped for naval hero Captain John Paul Jones; Whereas the city of Manchester, New Hampshire (commonly known as the ‘‘Queen City’’), is— (1) the largest city in northern New Eng-land; (2) an engine for the economy of New Hampshire; and (3) the namesake of the first industrialized city in the world, Manchester, England; Whereas the first vessel of the United States Navy to be named for the city of Man-chester, New Hampshire, was the USS Man- chester (CL–83), which— (1) was a Cleveland class light cruiser com-missioned on October 29, 1946; (2) served with distinction in 3 combat tours during the Korean War; and (3) received 9 battle stars for her service; Whereas, on April 16, 2013, Secretary of the Navy Raymond Edwin Mabus, Jr., announced that an Independence class Littoral Combat Ship (commonly known as an ‘‘LCS’’) would be named the ‘‘USS Manchester’’ (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘USS Manchester (LCS–14)’’); Whereas, on June 29, 2015, there was a keel- laying ceremony for the USS Manchester (LCS–14) in Mobile, Alabama; Whereas, on May 7, 2016, the USS Man- chester (LCS–14) was christened in Mobile, Alabama, and sponsored by United States Senator Jeanne Shaheen; Whereas, on May 12, 2016, the United States Navy launched the USS Manchester (LCS–14); and Whereas the USS Manchester (LCS–14)— (1) will join the USS New Hampshire (SSN– 778) fast attack submarine in the United States Navy fleet; and (2) will be commissioned in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on May 26, 2018: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate commemorates the commissioning of the United States Ship Manchester (LCS–14), the mission of which will be to act as a networked, agile, stealthy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.016 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2994 June 5, 2018 
surface combatant capable of defeating anti- access and asymmetric threats in the littorals. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 534—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF ‘‘NATIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM WEEK’’ AND HON-ORING THE VALUABLE CON-TRIBUTIONS OF TRAVEL AND TOURISM TO THE UNITED STATES Mr. HELLER (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. B LUNT ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 534 Whereas ‘‘National Travel and Tourism Week’’ was established in 1983 through the enactment of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘Joint Resolution to designate the week be-ginning May 27, 1984, as ‘National Tourism Week’’’ (Public Law 98–178; 97 Stat. 1126), on November 29, 1983, which recognized the value of travel and tourism; Whereas ‘‘National Travel and Tourism Week’’ is celebrated across the United States from May 6 through May 12, 2018; Whereas more than 500 celebrations throughout the United States are scheduled in honor of ‘‘National Travel and Tourism Week’’; Whereas 1 out of every 9 jobs in the United States depends on travel and tourism; Whereas the travel and tourism industry supports 15,600,000 jobs in the United States; Whereas the travel and tourism industry employs individuals in all 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and all the territories of the United States; Whereas international travel to the United States— (1) is the single largest service export in-dustry in the United States; and (2) generates a trade surplus balance of ap-proximately $84,000,000,000; Whereas the travel and tourism industry have worked to streamline the visa process and make the United States welcoming to visitors from other countries; Whereas travel and tourism provide sig-nificant economic benefits to the United States by generating nearly $2,400,000,000,000 in annual economic output; Whereas leisure travel allows individuals to experience the rich cultural heritage and educational opportunities of the United States and communities in the United States; and Whereas the immense value of travel and tourism cannot be overstated: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of ‘‘Na-tional Travel and Tourism Week’’; (2) commends the travel and tourism in-dustry for important contributions to the United States; and (3) commends the employees of the travel and tourism industry for important con-tributions to the United States. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2271. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2272. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. ROBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2273. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2274. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2271. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. SCALE-UP MANUFACTURING INVEST-MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Scale-up Manufacturing Invest-ment Company Act of 2018’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the strength of the United States manu-facturing sector is critical to the economy and the global competitiveness of the United States; (2) United States manufacturers support 17,600,000 jobs in the United States and ac-count for 12 percent of the gross domestic product of the United States; (3) access to capital is essential to growth and innovation in the manufacturing sector; (4) small, emerging manufacturers face unique challenges scaling commercial pro-duction in the United States, driving many young manufacturers to other countries; (5) structural barriers exist in the United States that prevent key investments in first- commercial manufacturing facilities; (6) a healthy manufacturing sector is es-sential to innovation economy of the United States, providing three-quarters of all pri-vate sector research and development, em-ploying nearly two-thirds of all research and development workers, and producing the ma-jority of all patents issued; (7) technology-intensive manufacturing small businesses, some of which may be start-ups, with the potential to anchor the next generation of manufacturing production where they locate, face special challenges in accessing the capital to move from idea to prototype and into commercial production; (8) already more capital intensive than software or services start-ups, manufac-turing start-ups and small businesses face a ‘‘second and wider valley of death’’ when it comes to raising the capital to scale up for commercial production because of their cap-ital intensity and novel technology; (9) a number of countries, including the People’s Republic of China, South Korea, Germany, and Japan, provide publicly funded incentives to attract these firms, recognizing that despite the risks, the long-term benefits of establishing leadership in emerging tech-nology areas are large; (10) a study of manufacturing technology- intensive start-ups licensed by the Massa-chusetts Institute of Technology found that almost all that scaled up into commercial production did so overseas largely because of this far more attractive capital and invest-ment environment for manufacturing start- ups, which is a huge loss for the future of manufacturing in the United States; (11) if the United States loses the first gen-eration of production for a new technology or manufacturing process, history suggests that it is an uphill battle once lost to re-claim that capability here given the unique learning and know-how acquired during the building of that first factory; and (12) to ensure that manufacturing tech-nologies invented in the United States are ultimately made in the United States will require addressing the unique capital access challenges faced by these technology-inten-sive manufacturing start-ups. (c) SCALE -UPMANUFACTURING INVESTMENT  P
ROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title III of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 681 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART D—SCALE-UP MANUFACTURING INVESTMENT COMPANY PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 399A. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part— ‘‘(1) the term ‘Associate Administrator’ means the Associate Administrator de-scribed in section 201; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Council’ means the Scale-Up Manufacturing Investment Company Credit Council that may be established under sec-tion 399K; ‘‘(3) the term ‘participating investment fund’ means a privately managed investment fund licensed under section 399C to operate under the program; ‘‘(4) the term ‘private capital’ has the meaning given that term in section 103(9); ‘‘(5) the term ‘program’ means the scale-up manufacturing investment company pro-gram established under section 399B; ‘‘(6) the term ‘qualifying manufacturing project’ means an investment in a small and emerging manufacturer for the purposes of building first commercial production facili-ties, novel manufacturing capabilities, or the introduction into production of emerging manufacturing technologies; ‘‘(7) the term ‘small and emerging manu-facturer’ means any advanced manufacturer that does not exceed the size standard estab-lished by the Administrator for the applica-ble North American Industry Classification System code under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and ‘‘(8) the term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individuals’ has the meaning given that term in section 8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C)). 
‘‘SEC. 399B. ESTABLISHMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish and carry out a scale-up manufac-turing investment company program under which the Administrator shall provide lever-age to participating investment funds to sup-port debt and equity investments in quali-fying manufacturing projects of small and emerging manufacturers in the United States. ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF PROGRAM .—The program shall be administered by the Ad-ministrator acting through the Associate Administrator. 
‘‘SEC. 399C. SELECTION OF PARTICIPATING IN-VESTMENT FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION FOR LICENSE .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION OF APPLICATION .—An in- vestment fund desiring to receive a license to operate under the program shall submit an application to the Administrator at such time and in such manner as the Adminis-trator may require. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.019 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2995 June 5, 2018 
‘‘(2) R EQUIREMENT .—An application sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall dem-onstrate that the investment fund— ‘‘(A) has the requisite minimum private capital raised from investors; and ‘‘(B) committed to operate under the pro-gram as of the date of submission of the ap-plication. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS .—Not later than 90 days after the initial receipt by the Administrator of an application submitted under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall provide the ap-plicant with a written report detailing the status of the application and any require-ments remaining for completion of the appli-cation. ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Administrator receives an application under subsection (a), the Administrator shall approve or deny the application for a license to operate under the program and notify the applicant of the de-termination. ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—The Administrator shall es-tablish selection criteria to evaluate applica-tions to operate under the program, which shall include, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) the proven investment experience of the investment fund manager; ‘‘(B) the proven, balanced, and positive-in-vestment track record of a previous invest-ment fund or the principals and fund per-formance analysis measured against bench-marks and peer funds; ‘‘(C) the experience of the investment fund with investments relating to small manufac-turers and emerging technologies related to advanced manufacturing; ‘‘(D) an evaluation of the use of leverage by the investment fund managers in past deals; ‘‘(E) evidence indicating a cohesive and ef-fective team and team dynamic; ‘‘(F) principals with strong reputations; ‘‘(G) record of positive realizations and exits from previous investments in the in-vestment track record; ‘‘(H) clearly articulated focus, investment thesis, investment themes, and investment instruments to be used to capitalize compa-nies; and ‘‘(I) fund structure and economics that re-flects standard practices and industry norms, such as— ‘‘(i) preferred returns to limited partners; ‘‘(ii) general partner carried interest allo-cations, fees and vesting schedules; ‘‘(iii) adequate fund infrastructure and sup-porting back office services; and ‘‘(iv) evidence of fund raising traction and capability. ‘‘(c) F
EES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administration shall prescribe fees to be paid by each appli-cant for a license to operate as a partici-pating investment fund under the program. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS .—Fees collected under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited in the account for salaries and expenses of the Administration; and ‘‘(B) are authorized to be appropriated solely to cover the costs of licensing exami-nations. 
‘‘SEC. 399D. PROVISION OF LEVERAGE TO PAR-TICIPATING INVESTMENT FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Administrator approves and issues a license under section 399C to operate as a participating investment fund under the program, the Administrator may provide not more than $1 of leverage for every $1 of private capital raised by the par-ticipating investment fund. ‘‘(b) M
AXIMUM LEVERAGE .—The maximum amount of outstanding leverage made avail-able in any given fiscal year— ‘‘(1) to any participating investment fund may not exceed $500,000,000; and ‘‘(2) to all participating investment funds in aggregate may not exceed $1,000,000,000. ‘‘(c) PRIVATE CAPITAL REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The private capital of a participating investment fund shall be not less than $250,000,000. ‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION INVESTMENTS .— Any national bank, or any member bank of the Federal Reserve System or nonmember insured bank to the extent permitted under applicable State law, may invest in any 1 or more participating investment funds, or in any entity established to invest solely in participating investment funds, except that in no event shall the total amount of such investments of any such bank exceed 5 per-cent of the capital and surplus of the bank. ‘‘(d) L
EVERAGE FEE.—The Administrator shall charge and collect a leverage fee of not more than 5.5 percent and not less than 3 percent of the face amount of the leverage issued. 
‘‘SEC. 399E. BORROWING POWER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each participating in-vestment fund shall have the authority to borrow money and issue debentures and pre-ferred securities, subject to such limitations and regulations as the Administration may prescribe. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—Of the leverage provided by the Administrator to a participating in-vestment fund under section 399D— ‘‘(1) not less than 70 percent shall be issued as debentures under subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) not more than 30 percent may be issued as preferred securities under sub-section (a). ‘‘(c) F
EDERAL FINANCING BANK.—The Fed- eral Financing Bank may acquire a deben-ture issued by a participating investment fund company under subsection (a). ‘‘(d) P
URCHASE AND GUARANTEE BY SBA.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administration may purchase or guarantee the timely payment of all principal and interest as scheduled on de-bentures or preferred securities issued by participating investment funds under sub-section (a), subject to such limitations and regulations as the Administration may pre-scribe. ‘‘(2) F
ULL FAITH AND CREDIT .—The full faith and credit of the United States is pledged to the payment of all amounts which may be required to be paid under any guarantee under this subsection. ‘‘(e) T
HIRD-PARTY DEBT.—The Adminis-trator— ‘‘(1) shall not permit a participating in-vestment fund having outstanding leverage to incur third-party debt that would create or contribute to an unreasonable risk of de-fault or loss to the Federal Government; and ‘‘(2) shall permit such participating invest-ment funds to incur third-party debt only on such terms and subject to such conditions as may be established by the Administrator, by regulation or otherwise. ‘‘(f) C
ALCULATION OF SUBSIDY RATE.—All fees, interest, and profits received and re-tained by the Administration under this sec-tion and section 399D shall be included in the calculations made by the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget to offset the cost (as that term is defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a)) to the Administration of pur-chasing and guaranteeing debentures and preferred securities under this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 399F. INVESTMENTS IN SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A participating invest-ment fund shall use leverage received under section 399D to make debt and equity invest-ments in small and emerging manufacturers to carry out qualifying manufacturing projects. ‘‘(b) LIMITATION .—Not more than 50 percent of the amount provided by a participating in-vestment fund to a small and emerging man-ufacturer under subsection (a) for a quali-fying manufacturing project shall consist of leverage provided to the participating in-vestment fund under the program. ‘‘(c) P
ORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT .—A single in-vestment made by a participating invest-ment fund under subsection (a) may not ex-ceed 10 percent of the total capital of the participating investment fund, which in-cludes private capital and any leverage pro-jected to be provided to the participating in-vestment fund, if applicable. ‘‘(d) I
NCREASED OUTREACH .—The Adminis-tration shall issue policy directives to pro-vide for enhanced outreach efforts to in-crease investments by participating invest-ment funds in— ‘‘(1) a small business concern owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals; and ‘‘(2) small business concerns owned and controlled by— ‘‘(A) women; ‘‘(B) veterans; and ‘‘(C) individuals with disabilities. 
‘‘SEC. 399G. EXAMINATIONS AND VALUATIONS. 
‘‘(a) E XAMINATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each participating in-vestment fund shall be subject to examina-tions made at the direction of the Invest-ment Division of the Administration in ac-cordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE OF PRIVATE SECTOR ENTI -
TIES.—Examinations under this subsection may be conducted with the assistance of a private sector entity that has the qualifica-tions and the expertise necessary to conduct such examinations. ‘‘(3) C
OSTS.— ‘‘(A) A
SSESSMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may assess the cost of examinations under this subsection, including compensation of the examiners, against the participating invest-ment fund examined. ‘‘(ii) P
AYMENT .—Any participating invest-ment fund against which the Administrator assesses costs under subparagraph (A) shall pay such costs. ‘‘(B) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .—Funds collected under this subsection— ‘‘(i) shall be deposited in the account for salaries and expenses of the Administration; and ‘‘(ii) are authorized to be appropriated solely to cover the costs of examinations and other program oversight activities. ‘‘(b) V
ALUATIONS .— ‘‘(1) F
REQUENCY OF VALUATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each participating in-vestment fund shall submit to the Adminis-trator a written valuation of the loans and investments of the participating investment fund not less often than semiannually or otherwise upon the request of the Adminis-trator, except that any participating invest-ment fund with no leverage outstanding shall submit such valuations annually, un-less the Administrator determines otherwise. ‘‘(B) M
ATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGES .—Not later than 30 days after the end of a fiscal quarter of a participating investment fund during which a material adverse change in the aggregate valuation of the loans and in-vestments or operations of the participating investment fund occurs, the participating in-vestment fund shall notify the Adminis-trator in writing of the nature and extent of that change. ‘‘(C) I
NDEPENDENT CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not less than once dur-ing each fiscal year, each participating in-vestment fund shall submit to the Adminis-trator the financial statements of the par-ticipating investment fund, audited by an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.021 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2996 June 5, 2018 
independent certified public accountant ap-proved by the Administrator. ‘‘(ii) A
UDIT REQUIREMENTS .—Each audit conducted under clause (i) shall include— ‘‘(I) a review of the procedures and docu-mentation used by the participating invest-ment fund in preparing the valuations re-quired by this subsection; and ‘‘(II) a statement by the independent cer-tified public accountant that such valuations were prepared in conformity with the valu-ation criteria applicable to the participating investment fund established in accordance with paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) V
ALUATION CRITERIA .—Each valuation submitted under this subsection shall be pre-pared by the participating investment fund in accordance with valuation criteria, which shall— ‘‘(A) be established or approved by the Ad-ministrator; and ‘‘(B) include appropriate safeguards to en-sure that the noncash assets of a partici-pating investment fund are not overvalued. 
‘‘SEC. 399H. MISCELLANEOUS. 
‘‘The Administrator may take such action as set forth in sections 309, 311, 312, 314, 315, and 316 and an owner (including a member, partner, or shareholder), officer, director, employee, agent, or other participant in the management or conduct of the affairs of a participating investment fund shall be sub-ject to the requirements of such sections. 
‘‘SEC. 399I. VIOLATIONS; REMOVAL OR SUSPEN-SION OF MANAGEMENT OFFICIALS. 
‘‘(a) V IOLATIONS .—If any participating in-vestment fund violates or fails to comply with any of the provisions of this part or of regulations prescribed hereunder, all of its rights, privileges, and franchises derived therefrom may thereby be forfeited. Before any such participating investment fund shall be declared dissolved, or its rights, privi-leges, and franchises forfeited, any non-compliance with or violation of this Act shall be determined and adjudged by a court of the United States of competent jurisdic-tion in a suit brought for that purpose in the district, territory, or other place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, in which the principal office of such partici-pating investment fund is located. Any such suit shall be brought by the United States at the instance of the Administration or the Attorney General. ‘‘(b) S
USPENSION OF MANAGEMENT OFFI-
CIALS .—Using the procedures for removing or suspending a director or an officer of a li-censee set forth in section 313, the Adminis-trator may remove or suspend any manage-ment official of a participating investment fund. 
‘‘SEC. 399J. REPORTS. 
‘‘Each participating investment fund shall, on a semi-annual basis, provide to the Ad-ministrator such information as the Admin-istrator may require, including— ‘‘(1) information related to the measure-ment criteria that the participating invest-ment fund proposed in the application for the program; ‘‘(2) information on the use of leverage by the participating investment fund; and ‘‘(3) in each case in which the participating investment fund makes an investment in a small business concern that is not a small business concern owned and controlled by so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-viduals, a report on the number and percent-age of employees of the small business con-cern who are socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals. 
‘‘SEC. 399K. SCALE-UP MANUFACTURING INVEST-MENT COMPANY CREDIT COUNCIL. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator may establish a Scale-Up Manufacturing In-vestment Company Credit Council, which, if established, shall consist of 5 members from the private sector with aggregate and collec-tive experience in technology development, manufacturing financing, and capital invest-ment. ‘‘(b) DUTIES .—The Council, if established, shall advise the Administrator on carrying out the program, which shall include— ‘‘(1) providing advice from time to time on advanced scale-up manufacturing industries; and ‘‘(2) establishing and conducting an annual briefing beginning not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section. 
‘‘SEC. 399L. REGULATIONS. 
‘‘The Administrator may issue such regu-lations as the Administrator determines nec-essary to carry out the provisions of this part in accordance with its purposes.’’. (2) B
ANK HOLDING COMPANY ACT OF 1956 .— Section 13(d)(1)(E) of the Bank Holding Com-pany Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(d)(1)(E)) is amended by inserting ‘‘investments in 1 or more participating investment funds, as de-fined in section 399A of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958,’’ before ‘‘or invest-ments’’. (3) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR BANKRUPTCY .—Sec- tion 109(b)(2) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘a participating in-vestment fund as defined in section 399A of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958,’’ before ‘‘credit union’’. (4) E
LIGIBILITY FOR CRA CREDIT .—Section 804 of the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (12 U.S.C. 2903) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) I
NVESTMENTS IN PARTICIPATING INVEST -
MENT FUNDS .—In assessing and taking into account, under subsection (a), the record of a financial institution, the appropriate Fed-eral financial supervisory agency shall con-sider, as a factor, investments made in 1 or more participating investment funds under part D of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958.’’. 
SA 2272. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10lll. MODIFICATION OF FIRST DIVISION MONUMENT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Society of the First Infantry Division (which is an organi-zation described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code), may make modifications to the First Divi-sion Monument located on Federal land in President’s Park in Washington, DC, that was set aside for memorial purposes of the First Infantry Division. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The modifications author-ized under subsection (a) may include the construction of additional plaques, and the construction of additional stone plinths on which to place the plaques, to honor the members of the First Infantry Division who paid the ultimate sacrifice during United States operations, including Operation Desert Storm, Operation Iraqi Freedom and New Dawn, and Operation Enduring Free-dom. (c) R
EQUIRED CONSULTATION .—The First In-fantry Division at the Department of the Army shall collaborate with the Secretary of Defense to provide the list of the not more than 5,000 names of members of the First In-fantry Division to be added to the Monu-ment. (d) APPLICATION OF COMMEMORATIVE WORKS  A
CT.—Subsections (b) and (c) of section 8903 of title 40, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Commemorative Works Act’’), shall not apply to activities author-ized under this section. (e) F
UNDING .—Federal funds may not be used to pay any costs of the activities au-thorized under this section. 
SA 2273. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON PARTICIPATION IN THE TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 28, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on participation in the Transition Assistance Program under sec-tion 1144 of title 10, United States Code, by members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Information on the participation of members of the Armed Forces in the Transi-tion Assistance Program during 2018, includ-ing the following: (A) The number of members who were eli-gible for participation in the Program during 2018, in aggregate and by component of the Armed Forces. (B) The number of members who partici-pated in the Program during 2018, in aggre-gate and by component of the Armed Forces, for each service as follows: (i) Preseparation counseling provided by the Department of Defense. (ii) Briefings provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. (iii) Employment workshops provided by the Department of Labor. (C) The number of members who did not participate in the Program during 2018 due to a waiver of the participation requirement under section 114(c)(2) of title 10, United Stats Code, for each service set forth in sub-paragraph (B). (2) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, considers appropriate to increase participa-tion of members of the Armed Forces in each service set forth in paragraph (1)(B). (3) Assessments of the Transition Assist-ance Program by members of the Armed Forces who participated in the Program dur-ing 2018, including the following: (A) A summary of the data obtained by the Department of Defense through assessments of the Program by participants in the Pro-gram during 2018, including data obtained through the assessments as follows: (i) The Transition Goals Plans Success (GPS) Participant Assessment. (ii) Status of Forces Surveys (SOFS). (B) A summary of the conclusions derived by the Secretary of Defense from the data described in subparagraph (A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.021 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2997 June 5, 2018 
(4) Such recommendations for improve-ments to the Transition Assistance Program as the Secretary of Defense considers appro-priate in light of the data described by para-graph (3)(A) and the conclusions described by paragraph (3)(B), including recommendations for such legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out such improvements. 
SA 2274. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTING MILITARY FAMILIES’ 2ND AMENDMENT RIGHTS. 
(a) R ECEIPT OF FIREARM OR AMMUNITION BY  S
POUSE OF MEMBER OF THE ARMED FORCES AT  
ADUTYSTATION OF THE MEMBER OUTSIDE THE  U
NITED STATES .—Section 925(a)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, or to the spouse of such a member,’’ before ‘‘or to’’; (2) by striking ‘‘members,’’ and inserting ‘‘members and spouses,’’; (3) by striking ‘‘members or’’ and inserting ‘‘members, spouses, or’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘member or’’ and inserting ‘‘member, spouse, or’’. (b) R
ESIDENCY OF SPOUSES OF MEMBERS OF  
THE ARMED FORCES TO BEDETERMINED ON  
THESAME BASIS AS THE RESIDENCY OF SUCH M
EMBERS FOR PURPOSES OF FEDERAL FIRE-
ARMS LAWS.—Section 921(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) For purposes of this chapter, a mem-ber of the Armed Forces on active duty, or a spouse of such a member, is a resident of— ‘‘(1) the State in which the member or spouse maintains legal residence; ‘‘(2) the State in which the permanent duty station of the member is located; and ‘‘(3) the State in which the member main-tains a place of abode from which the mem-ber commutes each day to the permanent duty station of the member.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to conduct engaged in after the 6-month period that be-gins on the date of the enactment of this Act. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 5, 2018, at 10 a.m. to con-duct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, June 5, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Geor-gette Mosbacher, of Florida, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Poland, and Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Direc-tor of the Office of Foreign Missions, with the rank of Ambassador, both of the Department of State, and Mark Rosen, of Connecticut, to be United States Executive Director of the Inter-national Monetary Fund. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 24, 2018, at 2 p.m. to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CONSUMER PROTECTION , 
PRODUCT SAFETY , INSURANCE , AND DATA SE -
CURITY  
The Subcommittee on Consumer Pro-tection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 5, 2018, at 3 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing Abuse in Olympic and Amateur Athletics: Ensuring Safe and Secure Environment for our Ath-letes.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OCEANS , ATMOSPHERE , 
FISHERIES , AND COAST GUARD  
The Subcommittee on Oceans, At-mosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 5, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘A Decade of the Digital Coast Partner-ship Program: Successes and Opportu-nities.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
The Subcommittee on East Asia, The Pacific, and International Cybersecu-rity Policy of the Committee on For-eign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 5, 2018, at 10 a.m. to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps on U.S. Policy toward North Korea.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jennifer Ayscue, a fellow in my office, be grant-ed floor privileges for the remainder of the Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 113, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 113) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 113) was agreed to. 
f 
HEMP HISTORY WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 532, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 532) designating the week of June 4 through June 10, 2018, as ‘‘Hemp History Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The resolution (S. Res. 532) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE COMMIS-SIONING OF THE USS ‘‘MAN-CHESTER’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 533, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 533) commemorating the commissioning of the USS Manchester. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 533) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN6.022 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2998 June 5, 2018 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF ‘‘NATIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM WEEK’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 534, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 534) supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Travel and Tourism Week’’ and honoring the valuable contributions of travel and tourism to the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 534) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS 7(a) LENDING OVERSIGHT REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 431, H.R. 4743. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4743) to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4743) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2333 and the Sen-ate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 2333) to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 2333) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, June 6; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Axon nomination under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator B
ROWN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVEST-MENT IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, last month in the Banking Committee, we passed bipartisan legislation to give our country more tools to respond to foreign investments from countries like China that pose a threat to our na-tional security. I appreciate the Pre-siding Officer’s interest in this issue also. The Senate Banking bill was at-tached to the Defense bill in the Armed Services Committee later that week, and the House also passed a similar bill through a key committee at the same time. This is good news as we try to ad-dress threats to our national security, and I hope we can get this to the Presi-dent’s desk quickly. The Committee on Foreign Invest-ment in the United States—so-called CFIUS—screens foreign investments for national security threats and blocks those that undermine our na-tional security. But as countries like China have adopted new tactics and new techniques to acquire our critical knowledge and know-how, the laws that give CFIUS its authority haven’t been able to keep up with technology; hence, the reason that Senator CORNYN  and Senator F
EINSTEIN and Senator V
ANHOLLEN and Senator C RAPO and I have worked on this. I want to thank them for introducing legislation last fall to expand CFIUS’s authority to keep up with these new tactics. The Banking Committee bill builds on their efforts to modernize CFIUS to make sure that it has the tools it needs to tackle today’s threats. No country— not even close—no country has been more aggressive than the People’s Re-public of China in going after American technology in aviation, robotics, new energy vehicles, and others where the United States has established itself as a global leader for a long time. In just 3 years, from 2013 to 2015— from the beginning of 2013 to the end of 2015—the number of Chinese acquisi-tions coming under CFIUS review jumped 38 percent. And China is get-ting more clever, more sneaky—you can choose the word you like—at find-ing ways to get around the rules to avoid review at all. We have seen Chinese companies start to structure deals so that they can gain access to sensitive technology and information without triggering the CFIUS review. For example, if a Chi-nese investor wants to buy a control-ling stake in an American company, CFIUS would review that deal and have the chance to block it. But if Chinese investors instead got seats on that company’s board, they could still have access to the same sensitive tech-nology without going through the CFIUS review. Or some foreign inves-tors also might, for instance, decide to enter into a joint venture with an American company instead, giving them access to all of the technology and data and know-how but bypassing the CFIUS review process. The American business may not even particularly like joining up with this Chinese company, but the Chinese com-pany will coerce them into a joint ven-ture as a condition. This is what China is really good at, and U.S. corporations have been too weak-kneed in suc-cumbing to this as a condition for con-tinued access to the Chinese market. They play for keeps. Our corporations play far too often for narrow profits, even if at the end it is bad for Amer-ican national security and even if at the end it is bad for American eco-nomic security. Our bipartisan bill will give CFIUS and our export control agencies the tools they need to ensure that these types of investments don’t slip through the cracks. The bill strengthens the CFIUS review process, the export con-trol laws, and enforcement of both, particularly when it comes to critical technology and investments from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.043 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2999 June 5, 2018 
State-owned companies. But, so often, and as important as these updates are, CFIUS was created only to deal with national security threats but can’t do any more than that. Right now, we have no way to evaluate deals that may pose a threat to our economy. In 2016, foreign direct investments in the United States totaled $370 billion. None of that—not a dollar of that—was reviewed to ensure it was in our long- term strategic economic interests. So while some of those investments were reviewed to protect our national secu-rity from Chinese threats, not one dol-lar was examined, was screened, was looked at, was reviewed to ensure that it was in our long-term strategic eco-nomic interests. That is why I joined with Senator G
RASSLEY to introduce the bipartisan U.S. Foreign Investments Review Act. It would empower the Department of Commerce to begin screening all types of large foreign investments for their long-term economic impact and con-sequences for American workers and American businesses. I thank Senator G
RASSLEY for work-ing on this important legislation. Up-dating CFIUS is important for our na-tional security. That is paramount, but we also need to expand it because it is important that our economic interests be protected. We understand that the Chinese sub-sidize their energy, water, land, and capital. They often are state-owned en-terprises. They are so often able to come into our markets and simply break international trade rules and put our companies out of business and throw our workers out of work. (Mr. K
ENNEDY assumed the chair.) We have seen foreign investments here that have raised serious concerns, including worries that those companies are pursuing investments for the sole reason or the principal reason of under-mining American industries and giving their own companies an unfair advan-tage. Again, some of these companies are owned or controlled by foreign gov-ernments. When it is Chinese, espe-cially, their water, land, capital, and energy are subsidized, and it takes away our ability to compete because we don’t do that. We took a first step with an amend-ment in the CFIUS reform bill. For the first time, the Department of Com-merce—in this bill that the Presiding Officer and I worked on in the Banking Committee—for the first time, the De-partment of Commerce will be required to study what American companies China is buying and in what sectors so we can begin to assess how big the threat is. Now we need to move forward with our comprehensive bill. We surely know there are Chinese in-vestments in the Presiding Officer’s State of Louisiana and my State of Ohio. There are Chinese investments coming in that could, in fact, under-mine our economic security, could cost our companies business, and could cause some companies to go out of business because of Chinese subsidies for their investments and ultimately put workers in Louisiana, Ohio, and elsewhere out of business. It is simple. Before we do business with a foreign entity—whether the Government of China or companies subsidized by governments in that part of the world—let’s make sure it will create jobs, let’s make sure it will grow the U.S. economy, and let’s make sure it will not undermine our national se-curity or American industries. We are already behind when it comes to pro-tecting our economy from Chinese in-vestment. I welcome investment from around the world, but I don’t welcome it if it is going to undermine our national se-curity, and I don’t welcome it if it is going to put American companies out of business and American workers out of jobs. Senator GRASSLEY and I will continue working to change that. It is time to move forward. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:28 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, June 6, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nomination received by the Senate: 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN K. LOVE 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate June 5, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
ROBERT EARL WIER, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY. FERNANDO RODRIGUEZ, JR., OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G05JN6.044 S05JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE759 June 5, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CONGREGATION BETH SHALOM 
HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to proudly recognize Congregation Beth Sha-lom in Northbrook, Illinois on the occasion of its 50th anniversary. Congregation Beth Shalom is the spiritual home to more than one thousand families and is, without a doubt, an integral part of the Northbrook community. For the past half century, from generation to generation, the synagogue has pursued a mis-sion of enriching lives through inclusion in the ever-evolving ideals of Jewish observance, life-long learning, and acts of kindness. Across the years, Beth Shalom has built an extraordinary community of Jewish faith, family and tradition. Every day, through the annual cycle of the seasons, and across the long arc of life’s events, multiple generations join to-gether to pray, learn, teach, and work together in service to the community, the Jewish peo-ple and the State of Israel. Through Limud (study), Tefillah (prayer), and Tzedakah (acts of justice and loving kind-ness), Beth Shalom is a living example of Jewish values and vibrant Jewish life. The Congregation prides itself on warmth and friendliness to members, celebrating that ‘‘Shalom’’ is the Hebrew word meaning wel-come. I can think of no better example of this warmth than the special holiday services cus-tomized to embrace people with special needs. Beth Shalom is also a force for positive so-cial action in the Tenth District. Their activities include delivering groceries to families in need, feeding the homeless, supporting our military troops overseas, hosting blood drives, and mentoring youth attending school in inner city Chicago. As well, Beth Shalom is proud home to countless community leaders, young and old, who work tirelessly to improve lives in the Chi-cago area, our nation and the world. I congratulate my dear friends, Rabbi Aaron Melman, Assistant Rabbi Ari Averbach, Cantor Steven Stoehr, and Rabbi Emeritus Carl Wolkin, and the entire Beth Shalom Congrega-tion on this anniversary. I wish Congregation Beth Shalom many more years of success as they write the next fifty years of their history. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF CARLO VERARDI 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize WWII veteran Carlo Verardi upon the oc-casion of his 100th birthday. Carlo was born on June 8, 1918, in Bernardsville, New Jersey. He was one of 13 children in a proud Italian- American immigrant family. Upon completing basic training, Carlo was assigned to the 9th Division, 60th Infantry, Front Line Medical Battalion as medic. He served with distinction in the European and Af-rican Theaters. During his service in the Euro-pean Theater, Carlo was seriously wounded by a grenade as he rescued a soldier from the field of battle. The blast from grenade was so strong that both Carlo and the wounded sol-dier were thrown through the air. Miraculously both men survived, but Carlo was paralyzed from the waist down for over a year and was evacuated to London hospital to recover from his injuries. For his actions, Carlo received the Bronze Star Medal. After nearly four years of service, he received an honorable discharge with the Combat Medical Badge, Combat In-fantryman Badge, WWII Victory Medal, Euro-pean-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with three service stars, Army of Occupation Medal and American Defense Service Medal. Upon returning home, Carlo met and mar-ried his wife, Mary. Together they raised five children. Carlo worked for the City of New York in the Parks Department and retired after 30 years. A passion for remembering and hon-oring those who fought during WWII is a cause that drove Carlo and his wife Mary to contribute greatly to the construction of the WWII Memorial in Washington, D.C. A con-tribution that will serve as an eternal monu-ment to the brave service members, like Carlo, who sacrificed so much in defense of our great nation. f 
MARGARET AGNEW 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Margaret Agnew for receiving the 2018 Trivity Health and SilverSneakers National Instructor of the Year Award. This award honors SilverSneakers instruc-tors who put in tireless dedication and efforts into making their classes a great experience and encouraging members to get more out of life. Margaret was selected as the winner based on her experience and teaching style. She has more than 34 years of experience as an instructor and teaches nine different SilverSneakers classes at Apex Community Recreation Center in Arvada, Colorado. Margaret’s commitment to those she teach-es is commendable and has helped many class members become inspired and moti-vated to live their best life. Congratulations to Margaret Agnew for this well-deserved recognition by Trivity Health and SilverSneakers. IN HONOR OF MRS. VEOLA DOTSON PORTER HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great woman of faith, com-passion, dignity, grace and a dear friend of longstanding to my wife Vivian and me, Mrs. Veola Dotson Porter. Sadly, Mrs. Porter passed away on Tuesday, May 29, 2018. Her funeral service was Tuesday, June 5, 2018, at 11:00 am at the Friendship Missionary Baptist Church in Columbus, Georgia. Mrs. Porter was born on November 28, 1921, in Gentian, Georgia to the union of Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Dotson, Sr. She was the eld-est of six children that were born to this union. Her formative years were spent in what is now the Milgen Road-University Avenue area in Columbus, Georgia. Her life would change forever when she met Mr. Jake D. Porter, Sr. at the Smith Grove AME Zion Church. She married Mr. Porter in 1942 and five children were born to this union. Her life was truly blessed because of her love for God and her family. She learned from the Christian example of her parents and passed the lessons learned on to her children who in turn are passing them on to her grand-children and great-grandchildren. Moreover, she had a love for people and this fueled her desire at a very young age to become a nurse. She attended and graduated from Practical Nursing School in Columbus. Her nursing career began at St. Francis Hos-pital and ended with her becoming a private duty nurse with a specialization in New Born Care. During her nursing career, she upheld the principles as enunciated in the last sen-tence of the original Florence Nightingale Pledge: ‘‘I shall be loyal to my work and de-voted toward the welfare of those committed to my care.’’ I believe Florence Nightingale would have been proud that such a woman entered her beloved profession. She ended her distinguished nursing career after 40 years and went on to serve as a faithful volunteer at the information desk at the Columbus Govern-ment Center. Mrs. Porter achieved much success in her life, but none of it would have been possible without her strong faith in God. Her spiritual journey after Smith Grove took her to Hope-well Baptist Church in Upatoi, Georgia. Fol-lowing her beloved husband’s death in 1980, she joined the Friendship Missionary Baptist Church where she served diligently as a Sun-day School Teacher, member of the Choir No. 2 and the Deacons’ Wives. She is survived by her children, Deloris, Jake, Ibrahim, Melvin, and Gwendolyn; two sisters; Deborah and Ange; her 21 grand-children and 37 great-grandchildren; and many other family members and friends. George Washington Carver once said that, ‘‘How far you go in life depends of your being 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JN8.001 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE760 June 5, 2018 
tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and toler-ant of the weak and strong because someday in your life you will have been all of these.’’ Likewise, Mrs. Porter did so well in her life be-cause she never forgot where she came from and always she treated people with dignity and respect. She used her God given talents to help babies enter the world and to help all people from all walks of life. The scripture tells us that the race of life ‘‘isn’t given to the swift nor to the strong, but to those that endure until the end.’’ Mrs. Porter ran the race of her life with dignity and respect and she has now claimed her greatest reward. On a personal note, Mrs. Porter and the Porter family have been cherished friends to my wife, Vivian, and me, and we have been truly blessed by their friendship. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, along with the almost 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District, in extend-ing our deepest condolences to Mrs. Porter’s family, friends, and the Columbus, Georgia community during this difficult time. We pray that they will be comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead. 
f 
OATH OF CITIZENSHIP ON JUNE 8, 2018 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, It is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oaths of citizenship on June 8, 2018. This memorable occasion will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On June 8, 2018, the following people, rep-resenting many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Hua Lin, Elvira Garcilazo, Mayra Medina Alvarado, Jaime Francisco Osorio Perdomo, Rosaelin Garcilazo Men-doza, Gladys Wanjiru Muchemi, Jocelyn Cappello, Hector Castellanos, Marijana Celakoski, Sonia Chavez, Daniel Garcia, Pau-lina Gonzalez, Marilynn Rose Hoang, Pablo Lara, Sandip Singh Lidhar, Guillermo Artemio Lopez, Jose Martinez, Bertha Medina, Benson Kingori Muchemi, Daniel Bapfutwabo, Devote Niyondiko, Francis Kwarteng Oduro, Shirley Oduro-Nkansah, Maria E. Palmerin, Ly Pham, Aisha Usman Qadeer, Engracia Rangel, Mina Franklin Roosevelt, Lizzy Salazar Strantz, and Janet A. Vazquez. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on June 8, 2018. They, too, are American citi-zens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. f 
RECOGNIZING ALLEN GRAFFAM FOR HIS 43 YEARS OF SERVICE IN MAINE PUBLIC SCHOOLS 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize an outstanding educator from my District who has spent the past 43 years work-ing as a band director in Maine’s public schools. Allen C. Graffam graduated from the Univer-sity of Maine in 1975 and soon after, took a job at Brunswick High School. After eight years of service in Brunswick, Allen became band director at Mt. Ararat High School in Topsham, Maine. Since becoming band direc-tor in 1983, Allen has been an inspiration to his students and is greatly admired for his ability to listen, to advise, and to teach. Allen’s leadership and dedication to educating in the classroom has prepared countless students to become important leaders in their commu-nities. In addition to his role as band director, Allen has also served as the Coach of the Girls’ Softball team at Mt. Ararat High School. Al-len’s ability to fill multiple roles perfectly exem-plifies his life long commitment to Maine stu-dents. This June, Allen is retiring after 43 years of incredible service in Maine’s public schools. Allen’s nearly half a century as a band director and leader in our schools makes me very proud to represent him and the State of Maine in Congress. I wish Allen and his family the best in his retirement, and I wholeheartedly thank him for his many years as an educator in Maine’s schools. 
f 
YADIRA TISCARENO ESCALERA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Yadira Tiscareno Escalera for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Yadira Tiscareno Escalera is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Yadira Tiscareno Escalera is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Yadira Tiscareno Escalera for winning the Ar-vada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LATE JAMES REDDINGTON, LANCE CORPORAL UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the late James Reddington, Lance Corporal USMC. A medal presentation at Lackawanna County Courthouse and me-morial service at Cathedral Cemetery was held in his honor conducted by Lieutenant General Ron Christmas, Colonel Terry Ebbert, the U.S. Marine Corps Color Guard, and the Greater Scranton Black Diamonds Pipe Band over Memorial Day Weekend 2018. Jimmy was a Lance Corporal with Echo Company 2nd Battalion 5th Marines and served his country during the Vietnam War. On March 23, 1967, nineteen year old Lance Corporal Reddington charged an enemy posi-tion to draw fire away from the rescue and re-covery from the field of a wounded fellow Ma-rine. He was fatally wounded during this ex-change. Because of his actions, Jimmy was post-humously awarded two Purple Hearts. He also received ten additional medals and awards for his service. However, because his family was deceased, these medals had gone unclaimed for fifty-one years. Lance Corporal Reddington’s medals will be presented to the Marine Corps League, N.E. Detachment, where they will be held in repose and dis-played. It is a solemn honor to recognize the mem-ory of Lance Corporal James Reddington, USMC. I am grateful to him for his service in defense of his country and his willingness to sacrifice his life so a fellow Marine might live. We shall never forget his selfless actions that day and we are thankful for his service and the service of all who served in Vietnam. May he rest in peace. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT KILLIP 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Robert Killip, a leader and integral part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.001 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE761 June 5, 2018 
of the Conservative Synagogue Adath Israel of Riverdale (CSAIR) community. A father of three, Robert often experiences CSAIR through the eyes of his children. That is why it felt natural for him to accept the chal-lenge of leading the Young Family Children’s Program. For two years he planned weekly Shabbat and annual High Holiday services for CSAIR’s large and owing under five set and their families. Robert’s leadership role in YFCP helped offer parents a meaningful way to connect with one another, while their chil-dren participated in spirited services filled with prayer, song, stories and dancing. Through Robert’s commitment to the success of YFCP, so many young CSAIR families have felt wel-come in shul and integral members of our syn-agogue community. Robert grew up in Atlanta, where he and his family attended a Reform synagogue. He at-tended Jewish day school in Atlanta where he met his future wife, Avi, in high school. Fast forward to five years ago when, after grad-uating with a JD and an MBA from Boston University, Robert settled in Riverdale with now Rabbi Avi Killip and their 6-month-old. Looking for an observant and committed egali-tarian community, the young family found a home at CSAIR. Here they have celebrated two more life cycle events—one naming and one bris—with our congregation. Now all three children, Judah, Dasi, and Gabe, call CSAIR ‘‘our shul.’’ The Killip family has indeed be-come part of the CSAIR family and Robert’s leadership role in YFCP has helped make the shul even more welcoming to young children and their parents. This year, CSAIR is celebrating Robert at their annual Gala Celebration as one of their distinguished honorees. They have chosen a terrific individual to honor. I would like to send my personal congratulations to Robert on the occasion, and thank him for all his hard work on behalf of the community. 
f 
RALPH O. FRANG 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Private First Class Ralph O. Frang, United States Army, for his service to our country. Private First Class Frang served in the United States Army from 1943 to 1945, serv-ing in Normandy, Ardennes, Rhineland and Central Europe during World War II. Private First Class Frang’s military awards and deco-rations include the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart Medal, the World War II Victory Medal, the European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with 4 bronze battle stars and the Bronze Service Arrowhead, and the Good Conduct Medal. Private First Class Frang started his military career training with the 10th Mountain Division in Colorado before transferring to the 101st Airborne Division as a paratrooper where he participated in the D-Day landing at Normandy Beach on June 6, 1944. Private First Class Frang’s courageous serv-ice has charted the path for future generations of men and women to serve in the military. I extend my deepest appreciation to Private Frang for his dedication, integrity and out-standing service to the United States of Amer-ica. f 
CONGRATULATING THOMAS J. MIDDLETON 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Thomas J. Middleton on his retirement from the Idaho National Laboratory (INL) after 27 years of service. Since June of 1991, Mr. Middleton has held INL positions of increasing responsibility: physical security offi-cer, physical security manager, safeguards and personnel security manager, protective force manager, Security and Emergency Serv-ices Division director, Facilities and Site Serv-ices deputy director and Laboratory Protection director. A graduate of Virginia Tech, Mr. Middleton received a Bachelor of Arts in liberal arts and science and is a martial artist with a third-de-gree black belt in Taekwondo. Prior to working at INL, he served six years as a special agent with the U.S. State Department Bureau of Dip-lomatic Security. Before moving to Idaho, he was the assistant regional security officer for the American Embassy in Guatemala. Mr. Middleton completed his service to the Laboratory as the Director of Laboratory Pro-tection, to which he had oversight of programs that secure critical national research facilities, and the development and deployment of ap-plied nuclear science research assets. He also managed 550-plus employees and a $110 mil-lion annual budget. Mr. Middleton’s greatest joys are spending time in Idaho’s great outdoors and with family. One of his greatest accomplishments was climbing the Grand Teton when he turned 50 years old. Mr. Middleton exemplifies qualities in knowl-edge and skills that have been essential to keeping the nation and INL strong and secure, and I thank him for his service. 
f 
HONORING AND REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF RONALD L. REHNER, SR. 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember the life of Ronald L. Rehner, Sr. Ronald Rehner was a family man and known to many as a school teacher, who taught in the New York communities of Roch-ester and Elmira, in Cincinnati, Ohio, and even as far away as Moshi, Tanzania, teaching ge-ography at Mawenzi Secondary School. Ever concerned with current affairs, Ron would bring real world issues to the classroom to give context to his lessons. Beyond his work in the classroom, during his time in Tanzania, Ron was an active member of the United States Peace Corps. After applying his gifts abroad, Ron returned to the United States to teach history at Thomas Edison High School in Elmira, New York. After retiring from being a school teacher, Ron worked at Chemung County RSVP and in the garden department at Chase Pitkin. During his free time Ron enjoyed going camping, hik-ing, cooking, and gardening. Ron’s interest in politics was put to good use as the legislative chair of AARP Chapter 276. Ron and his entourage of red shirted col-leagues were familiar faces in my office and were frequent attendees at my town hall meet-ings. Ron was an effective communicator and a tireless advocate. He was never shy about standing up for what he felt was right. When Ron was not working, he would vol-unteer his time to give back and improve the community. Ron volunteered with many orga-nizations in his community. Ron shared his time with Senior Notebook, the Department of Aging Advocacy, Age Friendly Coalition, Cre-ating Healthy Schools and Communities, Pov-erty Coalition, Food Bank of the Southern Tier, Health Priorities Squared, and First Pres-byterian Church. No matter where he went or what he was doing he always had a smile to give and welcomed all. Throughout his life, Ron earned many acco-lades for his hard work and dedication to his community. Ron was recognized with the Mil-dred Parfitt Award, the Jefferson Award, and named the Chemung County Department of Aging and Long Term Care’s Distinguished Volunteer of the Year. He was also nominated for the coveted AARP Andrus Award. Ron will be missed by the many commu-nities and countless individuals he made an impact on over a lifetime of good will and service to his fellow man. I will certainly miss his presence. I ask that this legislative body join me to re-member the life of Ronald L. Rehnner, Sr. f 
WARREN SPAULDING 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Colonel Warren A. Spaulding, United States Army, Retired, for his service to our country. Colonel Spaulding graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York, with a Bachelor of Science in Engineering in 1952. Upon his commissioning as a Second Lieutenant, he served in the Air Defense Artil-lery branch, and later transferred to the Field Artillery branch of the United States Army. Colonel Spaulding served multiple tours of duty in both the continental U.S. and inter-national tours in Japan, Korea, the Republic of Vietnam and Germany. Colonel Spaulding’s dedication to military education led him to serve as a professor of military science at the University of Colo-rado—Boulder, in the ‘‘Golden Buffalo Bat-talion’’ from 1973 to 1975. Colonel Spaulding was recently inducted into the University of Colorado’s Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC) Golden Buffalo Battalion Hall of Fame for his untiring efforts as a military educator. Following his military retirement, Colonel Spaulding continued his work in education at the Colorado School of Mines—working to keep the ROTC detachment on the Colorado School of Mines campus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.005 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE762 June 5, 2018 
Colonel Spaulding’s courageous service has charted the path for future generations of men and women to serve in the military. I extend my deepest appreciation to Colonel Spaulding for his dedication, integrity and outstanding service to the United States of America. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE WORK AND LEGACY OF COLONEL RON PERRY 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I cele-brate the extraordinary work and legacy of Colonel Ron Perry, USA, Retired. This Texas native’s life has been one of continual service and he has made lasting impacts on our brave warriors at Fort Hood and across the Army. After receiving his commission in the Infan-try in December 1974, COL Perry served his beloved nation and Army at installations around the world. His nearly three decades of honorable service saw him excel at some of the most challenging duties anyone in the mili-tary could shoulder. COL Perry’s work didn’t go unnoticed as he received numerous awards and decorations saluting his efforts. Following a brief stint in the private sector, COL Perry returned to the Army to serve as the civilian Deputy to the Commanding Gen-eral, Ill Corps and Fort Hood. In this critical role, COL Perry called on his decades of ex-pertise to support The Great Place as it con-tinues to be one of the world’s premiere mili-tary installations. His institutional knowledge and efforts toward championing the base, the thousands stationed there, and the community that supports them cannot be adequately quantified, nor equaled. COL Perry’s commitment to investing his gifts, talents, and abilities to ensuring the Army remains the world’s greatest military force is a deeply held creed that speaks to the generosity and activism of a true and devoted public servant. As he begins the next phase of his life, I salute his decades of work and proudly join his colleagues, friends, and family in wishing him nothing but success in the fu-ture. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALYSSA JOHNSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Alyssa Johnson of Mount Ayr High School. Alyssa was recently honored for outstanding aca-demic achievement at the Sixteenth Annual Governor’s Scholar Recognition on April 29, 2018. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa High School Athletic Association, and the Iowa Farm Bu-reau. Each Iowa high school was invited to se-lect a senior with the highest academic rank-ing. Not only are they academically gifted, but the selected students are often the youth who are successful in extra-curricular activities and community endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Alyssa in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to reach her goals. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Alyssa on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. f 
KATY OFFICERS RECOGNIZED FOR THEIR LIFE SAVING ACTIONS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Officers Dustin Garcia and Matthew Newport of Katy, TX for receiving recognition for their efforts to go ‘‘Above & Beyond.’’ On April 10th, Matthew and Dustin re-sponded to a major car accident at Avenue D and 10th Street in Katy and then proceeded to perform CPR on a female injured until fire-fighters could arrive on scene. The officers are credited with saving the young woman’s life and are true heroes to their community. On May 14th, Katy Mayor Chuck Brawner pre-sented the officers with ‘‘Above & Beyond’’ recognition for their actions. Matthew has worked 2 years for the Katy Police Depart-ment. He previously served as an officer in Sugar Land and Eagle Lake. Dustin has been an officer in the Katy area for over 2
1⁄2years and holds no prior police experience. These two men are a true inspiration to their commu-nity and serve as an example to all of us. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Dustin and Matthew for earning this well-de-served award. I thank them for their service to our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE REPUBLIC DAY OF AZERBAIJAN 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Repub-lic Day of Azerbaijan, and to extend my best wishes to all Azerbaijanis. May 28th marks the founding of the Democratic Republic of Azer-baijan, when the people of Azerbaijan first gained their independence from the Russian Empire in 1918. Although Azerbaijan’s inde-pendence was ended by Soviet forces in 1920, it is noteworthy that the Democratic Re-public of Azerbaijan was the world’s first sec-ular parliamentary democratic republic in a predominantly Muslim nation—earning diplo-matic recognition from the United States dur-ing the administration of President Woodrow Wilson. We also recall that the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan granted universal suf-frage to its citizens in 1918, making it the first Muslim country to give women the right to vote. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union, Azerbaijan restored its independence on Octo-ber 18, 1991, when its Parliament adopted the Constitution Act on the Restoration of the State of Independence of the Republic of Azerbaijan. Azerbaijan has emerged as a key player for enhancing global energy security. The comple-tion of the Southern Gas Corridor—which will run from the Caspian Sea through Azerbaijan, Georgia, Turkey, Greece, and Albania into Italy—will increase the energy security of key American allies by increasing the amount of natural gas from the Caspian Sea to European markets. Azerbaijan also provides roughly 40 percent of Israel’s oil consumption and enjoys friendly ties with Israel beyond oil sales. Jews have re-sided in Azerbaijan for 2,500 years without persecution and today, the Jewish community in Azerbaijan numbers over 12,000. Azer-baijan is also home to Christian communities and has been praised for its religious toler-ance by the European Parliament. Azerbaijan is a key global security partner for the United States. As an active member of NATO’s Partnership for Peace program, Azer-baijan cooperates with the United States in countering terrorism, nuclear proliferation, and narcotics trafficking. Azerbaijani troops serve shoulder to shoulder with U.S. soldiers in Af-ghanistan, as they previously did in Kosovo and Iraq. In support of the International Secu-rity Assistance Force in Afghanistan, Azer-baijan has extended important over-flight clearances for U.S. and NATO flights as well as regularly providing landing and refueling operations at its airports for U.S. and NATO forces. As co-chair of the Congressional Azerbaijan Caucus, I congratulate the people of Azer-baijan on the centennial of their Republic Day. May the partnership between the United States and Azerbaijan progress and continue to benefit both of our nations. f 
HONORING HARPER CHAPEL UNITED METHODIST CHURCH FOR THEIR 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Harper Chapel United Meth-odist Church in Osage Beach, Missouri. On Sunday, September 23, 2018, the congrega-tion will be celebrating the church’s 150th An-niversary. This historical accomplishment is even more impressive when considering Mis-souri was not quite 50 years a state when Harper Chapel UMC was established near the Grand Glaize and Osage Rivers. In 1868, Mr. Thomas Ezard and Mr. Thom-as Harper began a Methodist class that would set the groundwork for Harper Chapel UMC. During the years this class met in various homes and the local log school house. The Southern Methodist Bishop appointed the Cir-cuit Riders who led the class. Then in 1880, the community welcomed their first ‘‘regular preacher’’, Tom Rodgers. A new era was ush-ered in on April 20, 1911 when Asa and Ethel Farmer and E.P. Wade generously donated one acre of land in trust to the Methodist Epis-copal Church. This land is the present site of Harper Chapel UMC. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JN8.006 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE763 June 5, 2018 
On January 12, 1912, the original church building was dedicated and to this day it is still used for weddings and other activities. Thanks to the handiwork of Charles Harper and Carl Knight, the original pulpit is still used in the original church. 87 years after the Methodist class started meeting, under the leadership of Reverend M.A. Thomas, a building program was started to build a parsonage, repair the current sanctuary, and begin plans for a new sanctuary. Due to the success of the building program on October 28, 1956 the new parson-age was dedicated, and on Easter Sunday, April 8, 1963 the new sanctuary was dedi-cated. The positive impact on the parishioners and surrounding community has been steadfast throughout the years. Vacation Bible School began in 1945 and continues to improve the lives of children and families in the area to this day. The vision of Harper Chapel UMC to— ‘‘Intentionally Connect People with Christ and Each Other’’—is an inspiration and will be a guiding light for future generations. I ask you to join me in recognizing Harper Chapel United Methodist Church on their 150th Anniversary. This milestone is a great testament to the commitment this church has shown to the Lord, their parishioners, and the entire community. 
f 
ATASCOCITA HIGH SCHOOL SOFTBALL—STATE BOUND 2018 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this past Friday, the girls from Atascocita High School Softball team earned a trip to State by beating top ranked Katy. They claimed the Region III 6A Championship and are headed to State for the second time in three years. Congratula-tions. It is an honor to recognize a talented group of ladies on the field and off the field. The girls are set to play this Friday, in Austin, at McCombs Field against Plano. Atascocita High School softball team has six seniors on their team. Last November, three of them signed college scholarships to play at the next level: Lauren Bazan, Harding Univer-sity; Kyla Snow, Texas Southern University; and, Lillie Grotenhuis, San Jacinto College. The name Grotenhuis is well known in my community. In 2014, Atascocita High School Head Softball coach, Jimbo Grotenhuis, unex-pectedly passed away from a heart attack. One of his daughters, Lillie, is a talented sen-ior on the team. She never got to play for her father at the high school level, but she has his passion and drive for the game. Jimbo was a legend in the softball commu-nity, so much, that Humble ISD renamed the Atascocita High School softball field in his memory. Written in large black letters, on a red brick wall, behind home plate, it says ‘‘Welcome to James ‘‘Jimbo’’ Grotenhuis Field’’. The lessons Jimbo taught in the short time he coached at Atascocita High School were invaluable. It is said that the measure of a man is the influence that he has on the lives of others. I have no doubt, that the Atascocita High School Softball team will carry his spirit of hard work and dedication with them to State. For the last four years, AHS Head Coach Ashley Boyd has stepped up to the plate and filled Jimbo’s cleats. Her team’s record is im-pressive. In an interview earlier this year, Coach Boyd said, ‘‘These players are proud of where they come from. They’re proud of this community, and they’re happy to get to rep-resent them. They’ve worked their tails off.’’ Coach Boyd’s passion along with Assistant Alyssa Romero’s dedication will guide the Lady Eagles not only at State but far beyond game time. The leadership of a coach not only improves an athlete’s performance but works to instill values of hard work and discipline. So this weekend, grab the family, put on your red, white and blue, and head to Austin to cheer on our Lady Eagles. Let’s play ball. And that’s just the way it is. f 
CONGRATULATING BRENT STACEY 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Brent Stacey on his retirement from Idaho National Laboratory, and to thank him for his service to our nation. As Associate Laboratory Director for Na-tional and Homeland Security at INL, and as a strategic advisor, Brent provided valuable leadership in addressing the cybersecurity challenges facing the nation’s critical infra-structure. In this capacity, Brent addressed House and Senate subcommittees on several occasions, and the Senate Select Committee on Intel-ligence regarding efforts to mitigate cyberthreats to our nation. Brent played an im-portant role in INL’s campus infrastructure ex-pansion, and was instrumental in bringing the first high-performance computer to the labora-tory. Brent advanced INL’s partnerships with aca-demia and industry and was the first president and CEO of the Idaho Regional Optical Net-work, a nonprofit organization that advances science, research, education, health care and state government through high-speed band-width. I offer my best wishes to Brent and his fam-ily, and gratitude for his three decades of serv-ice. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL K. CLARKE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michael K. Clarke upon his retirement as the Executive Director of the Buffalo, New York office of LISC (Local Initiatives Support Corporation). The LISC strategy to ‘‘invest in businesses, housing and other community infrastructure to catalyze economic, health, safety and edu-cational mobility for individuals and commu-nities,’’ has been brought to life under Mike Clarke’s two decades of visionary leadership. This nonprofit agency, promoting community development in collaboration with public and private partners, has encompassed housing, commercial and recreational facility develop-ment. Despite Buffalo being among the smallest of the many cities LISC is involved, Mike’s depth of experience in neighborhood redevelopment, public housing and community and commer-cial financing projects boosted our city’s profile in the national organization. Since opening their doors in 1998, LISC has invested $131 million in those neighborhoods, further leveraging an additional $254 million in invest-ment. Our work has resulted in the creation of 2,574 units of affordable housing, 355,000 square feet of commercial space, and the ren-ovation of 9 recreational fields for youth. Mike and LISC became synonymous twenty years ago at a time when Buffalo needed their assistance most as we faced the challenges of old, vacant housing stock, a smaller base of philanthropic sources and reductions in gov-ernment support. Far from standing outside the fire, Mike went all in bringing public, pri-vate and non-profit partners to the table to re-search, learn, listen and get to work to imple-ment targeted solutions one house, one street, one neighborhood at a time. Today, while problems remain, our ability and resolve to ad-dress them as One City has never been stronger. Mike Clarke’s investment in the citizen-led planning movement building on our great ar-chitectural, civic and cultural assets, the re- emergence of downtown and adjacent neigh-borhoods yielded real action and results that have contributed greatly to Buffalo’s renais-sance. Mike’s ability to harness progressive strate-gies using all financial resources available led to the first federal New Market Tax Credit in-vestment that preserved the historic Asbury Delaware Church. Now, known as Babeville, this unique performing arts center founded by Ani DiFranco and Scot Fisher is a center for music, art, and community projects in Buffalo, New York. Responsible for implementing HUD’s Sec-tion IV grant program, LISC’s capacity building program has had a tremendous impact on driving community development activity here in Buffalo. Its collaboration with HELP USA on the HELP Buffalo II affordable housing project for families with minimal incomes, and perma-nent supportive housing for formerly homeless veterans is spurring new energy in the Broad-way-Fillmore neighborhood. Mike’s active in-volvement in bringing the National Vacant Properties Campaign to Buffalo and intense focus on neighborhood business district activi-ties, including Jefferson and Elmwood Ave-nues laid the foundation for enhanced urban commercial corridors. Most recently, an investment of $5 million from LISC and in a dynamic public-private partnership led by Herbert Bellamy, Jr, the son of a legendary leader on the east side of Buf-falo, a closed warehouse-turned-community center is now home to 30 families with com-munity space and a children’s playground. Prior to joining LISC Mr. Clarke was a Mort-gage Officer for the Community Preservation Corporation (CPC) a not-for-profit real estate lender, which specializes in financing afford-able housing for low and moderate-income households. For five years he served as the Executive Director at the Buffalo Municipal Housing Authority (BMHA) which owned and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JN8.008 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE764 June 5, 2018 
operated over 5,000 low-income rental apart-ments in 27 developments in the City of Buf-falo. He was a Capital Programs Manager for the New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal (DHCR), and the Execu-tive Director of Kensington-Bailey Neighbor-hood Housing Services, Inc. His extensive public service has extended to volunteer lead-ership on the following boards: Rental Assist-ance Corporation of Buffalo; Friends of the School of Architecture and Planning at SUNY at Buffalo; Erie County Commission on Home-lessness; Bailey-Amherst District Management Association and the Downtown Neighborhood Development Corporation. To all who know him or know of him, worked with him or at times, worked against him, there is one thing we can all agree on, Mike put his community first. His hard-won reputation as a community organizer, neigh-borhood advocate, housing activist and all- around agitator has earned him our respect and gratitude. Mr. Speaker, as family, friends and col-leagues join in ‘‘Larkinville’’ to acknowledge his many accomplishments on June 4, I add my appreciation for Michael K. Clarke’s friend-ship, leadership and legacy of making a real difference in the lives of those who live in and love the City of Buffalo. 
f 
LIBERTY HIGH SCHOOL LADY PAN-THERS—2018 STATE SOFTBALL CHAMPIONS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for the first time in Liberty High School history, the Lady Panthers Softball team is the Texas UIL State Class 4A Softball Champions. On Saturday afternoon, they defeated the Vernon Lady Lions in Austin with a score of 3–1. Congratu-lations to the Liberty High School Softball Team and the City of Liberty. Liberty’s rich history of rugged Texas pio-neers who settled near the Trinity River spans more than 180 years. Today, Liberty continues to live up to its rich legacy and community spirit. Liberty is home to Liberty Independent School District which provides outstanding educational opportunities for students. But Lib-erty was missing one thing, a team State Champion. Jerry Michalsky, sports editor with local newspaper The Vindicator, has been a sports writer for over 24 years and never been able to cover a State Champion. His dream came true this past weekend. Liberty County radio station KSHN 99.9 FM streamed the game live from Austin. The one and only, passionate, Bill Buchanan gave a play by play for fans who were unable to make the trek to Austin. My friend and past Liberty Church of Christ preacher, Jonathan Sanford (now announcer for the San Antonio Spurs), was the announcer at McCombs Field. He gave the play by play live on Saturday. Mary Anne Campbell, President of the Liberty Dayton Area Chamber, kept the fans back at home up to date with her Facebook postings. Folks in Liberty rallied behind a young team of girls who made championship history one game at a time. For the last 13 years, Liberty High School Head Coach Karen Slack has dreamed of a State championship team. She genuinely cares for her players and wanted to see Lib-erty relevant when it came to softball. Her team’s record is impressive. In an interview earlier this week, Coach Slack said, ‘‘These girls have no fear in them at all and this stage never even bothered them.’’ Coach Slacks’ passion along with Assistant Joe Slack and Katherine McAdams will continue to guide the Lady Panthers far beyond a State title. The leadership of a coach not only improves an athlete’s performance but works to instill val-ues of hard work and discipline. The commu-nity is proud of Coach Slack for all her accom-plishments as a coach and a leader. Congrats to Liberty High School’s State Championship team: Jo McGinnis, Mikaelah Burkland, Bailey Webb, Kennedy Evans, Kamryn Turner, Abbie Knepper, Molly Barnette, Jaylen Prichard, Karli Beam, Baylee Chandler, Sarah Lopez, Kara Cannon, Harley Davis, Abby Phillips, and Kaci West. Saturday evening, hundreds of fans decked out in black and gold, waving flags and noise makers, welcomed the Lady Panthers home. The Lady Panthers were escorted to the Lib-erty County line from Austin by the Liberty County Sheriff’s Office. Dayton Police Depart-ment picked up the team at the Dayton City limits then Liberty Police Department picked them up at the Dayton-Liberty City limits. They were escorted all the way to the pavilion be-hind City Hall in downtown Liberty. The out-pouring of support from the City of Liberty and surrounding communities was in true fashion of Panther Pride. Way to go Panthers. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF MR. SANDY CROFT 
HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Mr. Sandy Croft after 34 years of dedicated service to the Pleasant Ridge School District and the com-munity of Nevada County. Born in Pasadena, California in 1958, Sandy spent time in Santa Barbara, and Newport Beach, before eventually settling down in Grass Valley in 1969. He started school in the Pleasant Ridge School District in third grade— the same school district he will retire from as a teacher this year. Graduating from Nevada Union High School in 1977, he then attended Westmont College. Less than a year later, tragedy struck his family when his older broth-er passed away. He moved back home to be with his mother shortly afterwards. Not willing to give up on school, Sandy continued his education closer to home at Sierra College. Soon after, he received his secondary teach-ing credential in Social Science and English at Sacramento State. He went on to receive cre-dentials in both Physical Education and Indus-trial Arts. Sandy is not only a successful, dedicated, and driven individual, but he’s also an avid outdoorsman. Growing up in rural Grass Val-ley, he’d often explore the old gold mines and dig for remnants of Native American artifacts. In high school, Sandy was a hunter, a fisher-man, and a star tennis player—which he con-tinues to play recreationally to this day. In 1979, Sandy married his high school sweetheart, Lynn Baker, and they will be cele-brating 38 years of Marriage on June 9th. Sandy and Lynn together have three chil-dren—Lindsey, Benjamin, and Hayley—as well as two grandchildren. Of everything Sandy has accomplished, his greatest love was to teach in the same school district he attended as a child and to share his love for history by taking students on trips to Washington D.C. and New York City every year. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Sandy Croft for his commitment and service to the youth and community of Nevada County. f 
CONGRATULATING MARSHA SMITH FOR RECEIVING THE LIFETIME HUMANITARIAN AWARD AT THE 2018 GOVERNOR’S SERVICE AWARDS 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to congratulate Marsha J. Smith for receiving the Lifetime Humanitarian Award at the 2018 Governor’s Service Awards. Through her ex-ceptional leadership and steadfast devotion to her community, Sue has become an indispen-sable part of Michigan’s First District. The Lifetime Humanitarian Award is given annually by the Michigan Community Service Commission to individuals who demonstrate a ‘‘lifelong commitment to community involve-ment and volunteer service.’’ They have shown a ‘‘tremendous passion for helping oth-ers’’ and are well-known for their exceptional impact in their community and state. Few are as deserving of this honor as Marsha Smith. In her 24 years as the executive director of Rotary Charities of Traverse City, Marsha’s leadership has helped the organization provide more than $58 million worth of grants and transform Northern Michigan. Marsha was also instrumental in forming the Grand Traverse Regional Land Conservancy, which has led the acquisition of over 40,000 acres of land and 124 miles of coastline for environmental protection. Before her work with Rotary Charities, Marsha was involved in the founding of the Women’s Resource Center in Traverse City, which offers support for sur-vivors of domestic violence and sexual as-sault. Marsha’s tireless devotion to public service has touched the lives of countless members of her community, and the impact of her work in her community cannot be over-stated. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Marsha Smith for her decades of service to Northern Michigan and congratulate her once again for receiving the Lifetime Humanitarian Award. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing the First District is home to such a dedicated individual. On behalf of my constitu-ents, I wish Marsha all the best in her future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.012 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE765 June 5, 2018 
ROLLING THUNDER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, each Me-morial Day, families all over the nation plan their weekend barbeques and look forward to enjoying a long weekend. But despite the fes-tivities, many of these folks don’t remember why we have the day off of work, and why we celebrate this national holiday. But for the members of Rolling Thunder, in Houston, Texas, there is no question. Each year, they join together to help remind Ameri-cans across the nation of just why it is that we celebrate Memorial Day. Rolling Thunder is a group of patriots who have made it their mission to honor our mili-tary heroes by bringing awareness through a motorcycle demonstration in Washington, D.C. While many members are veterans, not all are; some are just patriotic Americans who wish to do their part. They unite together to demand accountability for our POWs and MIAs to be identified and brought home. In 1987, a group of Vietnam Veterans gath-ered together to discuss the thousands of re-ported sightings of Americans still living in captivity. They were disturbed by the neglect from our government. So, they decided to do something to force the government and media to acknowledge the horrific abandonment of our men and women overseas. After much brainstorming, the veterans came up with a unique idea. They began reaching out to fam-ily, friends, fellow veterans, and advocates to assemble a group of patriots willing to stand up for our soldiers. In 1988, on Memorial Day, 2,500 men and women rode to our Nation’s Capital on their motorcycles. Decked out in leather, wearing shades and bandanas, waving Old Glory, and riding 500 plus pounds of steel, they were a terrifying but inspiring bunch. The sound of over a thousand bikes riding in unison re-minded many of the bombing campaign against North Vietnam dubbed Operation Roll-ing Thunder. Very powerful. Since then, that small group of veterans became known as Rolling Thunder. They are right thinking Amer-icans with big hearts. The number of riders has increased every year, and now nearly 900,000 members be-long to the Rolling Thunder. There are cur-rently 90 chapters throughout 32 states. Two of those chapters are back home in my great city—Houston, Texas. It’s hard to find a more patriotic state than Texas. With 8 out of 10 Texans enlisting to serve our nation, it’s not a surprise that Texans are joining the ‘‘Ride for Freedom’’ this year. This year, like every year, on Memorial Day, Rolling Thunder chapters join together and ride to our Nation’s Capital. These demonstra-tions are known as the ‘‘Ride for Freedom’’. This year, they celebrated the 31st Ride for Freedom. The ride begins at the Pentagon on Memorial Day. At noon the riders, all at once, start their motorcycles and begin the ride to The Wall to show their continued support for our missing and fallen soldiers. They pay their respects. Although the group may have started to bring attention to our POWs/MIAs from Viet-nam, they want to make sure all soldiers are remembered. Today, the organization has branched out to include all wars and recognize that we still have an accumulated estimate of 86,788 unaccounted United States veterans. Mr. Speaker, Rolling Thunder rides for our soldiers whose lives were given in pursuit of a great cause, American Freedom. I am proud to recognize these angels on bikes with hearts bigger than Texas. They make a difference and represent all that is right and good in America. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHEYANN WEBB CHRISTBURG 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sheyann Webb Christburg, a leader in the American Voting Rights Move-ment. A trailblazer in every sense of the word, Sheyann was only eight years old when she dared to march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma on Bloody Sunday. She cou-rageously participated in the March from Selma to Montgomery which led to the pas-sage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Today, we pay tribute to Sheyann as one of the youngest foot soldiers for justice. Sheyann was born in Selma, Alabama, in 1956 to parents John and Betty Webb as one of eight children. Growing up in public hous-ing, she attended a segregated public school. As Sheyann walked to her third grade class one morning in January 1965, she stumbled across a meeting at Brown Chapel AME Church. There, she saw an uncommon sight for Alabama in the 1960s—both black and white people congregated together outside of the church. Noticing how powerful the moment was and never one to shy away, a curious Sheyann stepped inside to find Dr. Martin Lu-ther King’s aide Hosea Williams speaking to the crowd. Williams’ words instantly caught her attention: ‘‘If you can’t vote, then you’re not free, and if you ain’t free, children, then you’re a slave’’. Sheyann’s participation in the mass meet-ings were not free from criticism. Upon return-ing to school, she was reprimanded for being late and attending potentially dangerous meet-ings. The Birmingham Church bombing had just taken place a few years prior, and her parents were worried that she would be a tar-get for violence. Being involved in the Voting Rights Movement was dangerous, as it could jeopardize her parents’ jobs or get them kicked out of public housing. But that did not stop her, Sheyann was determined to blaze her own trail towards freedom. For her 9th birthday, Sheyann asked her parents to register to vote and stood in line with them at the local Dallas County court-house for an entire day before they were reg-istered. Sheyann was not deterred by her teachers either. Despite their warnings, she continued to skip class becoming the only child to regularly attend the mass meetings at Brown Chapel. Sheyann was often accompanied to the after-school meetings by her schoolmate friend Rachel West. The two girls became par-ticularly close with Dr. King himself. ‘‘What do you want?’’, he would often ask the girls. ‘‘Freedom!’’ They would yell back, going back and forth louder and louder until they would all collapse with laughter. ‘‘Do you young ladies have your marching shoes on?’’, he would ask them. Sheyann always had her marching shoes on. On March 7, 1965, Sheyann marched with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) across the Edmund Pettus Bridge on what later became known as Bloody Sunday. She was beaten with billy clubs and sprayed with tear gas. Despite being terrified by the vi-olence that erupted, she was determined to continue to march. Sheyann kept attending mass meetings at Brown Chapel AME Church and marched again with SCLC towards Mont-gomery on March 21, 1965. Her enthusiasm was arguably too much even for Dr. King, who told her she did not have to march all the way to Montgomery and had her picked up by a van and driven back to Selma. Sheyann’s activism continued long after the marches. In junior high school, she became one of the first black students to integrate into an all-white school in Selma. She was pushed down stairs, called bad names, and was sus-pended from school—all while receiving no support from the administration. But Sheyann remained unbought and unbossed in her activ-ism throughout her life, graduating from Tuskegee Institute in 1979. Today, Sheyann continues her outreach and civic engagement through her company, KEEP Productions Youth Development Mentoring and Modeling Program, where she works with youth ages two to eighteen to help them blaze their own trails to success. Because Sheyann knows firsthand how impactful childhood op-portunities can be, her program assists youth in helping them build self-esteem, confidence, and find purpose in their lives. In addition, she also works with youth groups across the State of Alabama to organize development work-shops and training programs that help young people obtain the skills they need to succeed. Sheyann remains vocal about her experi-ences in the Voting Rights Movement, writing the book ‘Selma, Lord, Selma’ which was eventually turned into a movie. She speaks to numerous religious, community, and edu-cational institutions throughout the world and regularly appears on national talk shows. On a personal note, I am privileged to have known Sheyann Webb Christburg all my life as a native daughter of Selma and my former babysitter. Sheyann has made such an incred-ible imprint on my life as a mentor, confidante and friend. To know Sheyann, is to be inspired by Sheyann. Her courage in the face of adver-sity, her moral compass on issues of social justice and her heart of gold are her trademark and standard bearers. I know that it is be-cause of her influence on my life that I am Alabama’s first Black Congresswoman. To say thank you doesn’t seem an adequate reflec-tion of my sincere gratitude. On behalf of the 7th Congressional District, the State of Alabama and this nation, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the tre-mendous accomplishments and extraordinary contributions of Sheyann Webb Christburg— an American icon of the Voting Rights Move-ment. We pay tribute to her bravery as a trail-blazer and honor her continued efforts to moti-vate and uplift up children across the State of Alabama and this nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JN8.011 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE766 June 5, 2018 
RECOGNITION OF THE NORTHERN CALIFORNIA POWER AGENCY’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to commend the North-ern California Power Agency, also known as NCPA, on its 50th anniversary. NCPA was es-tablished in 1968 by a consortium of locally owned electric utilities to make joint invest-ments in energy resources that would ensure an affordable, reliable, and clean supply of electricity for customers in its member commu-nities. By banding together, these local con-sumer-owned utilities, including several in my District, achieved economies of scale nec-essary to build generation and collectively face the challenges of an evolving electric utility in-dustry. The Agency’s mission is to provide mem-bers with reliable, efficient, and cost-effective wholesale power, energy-related services, and advocacy on behalf of public power con-sumers through joint action. I can tell you, through my decades of dealing with NCPA during my tenure in Congress as well as the California legislature, that the Agency meets that mission with flying marks. NCPA has been a pioneer in implementing innovative technologies that benefit the envi-ronment, as highlighted through its construc-tion of both the world’s first integrated waste-water geothermal system, which greatly pro-longs the life of invaluable geothermal renew-able resources, and the nation’s first ‘‘fast start’’ combined-cycle natural gas turbines. The Agency also owns and operates nearly 260 megawatts of in-state, hydropower re-sources that generate carbon-free electricity for Californians while also providing outdoor recreation benefits. NCPA also regularly rep-resents its members’ interests in issues re-lated to the Central Valley Project. I ask my colleagues to join me in com-mending and congratulating NCPA on 50 years of invaluable service to its public power members and their respective communities, the State of California, and the county. 
f 
MICHAEL CAMELO, JR. 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Michael Camelo, Jr. Camelo, a second-generation Cape Coral firefighter, who passed away on May 29th at the age of 37. Engineer Camelo joined the department in 2006 and served honorably in several critically important positions including paramedic, haz-ardous materials technician, public safety boat operator, and as member of the Firefighter Survival and Rapid Intervention team. Mr. Camelo is survived by his two children, Anna, 5, and Michael Camelo III, 3. Both of these young children will forever be a part of the Cape Coral firefighter family that Michael cared about so deeply throughout his entire life. I would like to offer my deepest condo-lences to the family of Mr. Michael Camelo, Jr. This is an immense loss to the Cape Coral Fire Department and to the city. Although short in years, Michael’s life was filled with great accomplishment and a spirit of service to others—he and his family will be in my pray-ers, and the prayers of our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO GRACE M CDONALD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Grace McDonald of Winterset High School. Grace was recently honored for outstanding aca-demic achievement at the Sixteenth Annual Governor’s Scholar Recognition on April 29, 2018. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa High School Athletic Association, and the Iowa Farm Bu-reau. Each Iowa high school was invited to se-lect a senior with the highest academic rank-ing. Not only are they academically gifted, but the selected students are often the youth who are successful in extra-curricular activities and community endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Grace in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to reach her goals. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Grace on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
RICHMOND STUDENTS EARN GOLD SEAL AWARDS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Favour Umeakuana and Sonali Puri of Richmond, TX for both earning a Gold Seal at the 2018 State Visual Arts Scholastic Event contest. The State Visual Arts Scholastic Event, or ‘‘VASE’’, is part of the Texas Art Education Association and awards Gold Seals to its most talented high school artists. It is the highest honor a Texas high school art student can ob-tain. Favour, a freshman at George Ranch High School, and Sonali, a junior at Foster High School, were two of the 150 students awarded a Gold Seal out of over 35,000 en-tries. These students have demonstrated in-credible talent and are thought of by their classmates to be truly unique. Favour and Sonali are in elite artistic company and de-serve the recognition this award displays. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Favour and Sonali for receiving Gold Seal awards. We look forward to seeing their future artwork. RECOGNIZING FRANK EMOND HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and pay tribute to a local hero and national treasure who has dedicated his life to humble service; service to his country and service to others. Mr. Emond is a Pearl Harbor survivor and recently celebrated his 100th birthday on May 21, 2018. The history of the life and work of Frank Emond is nothing short of astounding. Francis ‘‘Frank’’ Emond, originally from Rhode Island, played the French horn in his high school band. After graduating and working for three years, he joined the U.S. Navy in 1938, leav-ing his home in Rhode Island to serve as a musician. In the summer of 1941, Mr. Emond was as-signed to Pearl Harbor, aboard the battle ship USS Pennsylvania with Admiral Kimmel, Com-mander in Chief of the Pacific Fleet. On the night of Saturday, December 6, 1941, bands from the Pennsylvania, the Cali- fornia, and the Arizona held a dance band contest on the docks; bragging rights for the winner and great entertainment for the troops and civilians. Mr. Emond’s band won the tro-phy, which they later donated in memory of all 21 Arizona band members and 1,100 hands that went down with them. On the morning of December 7, 1941, ‘‘a date’’, in the words of President Roosevelt, ‘‘which will live in infamy’’, Mr. Emond was playing the French horn with his band mates as they were preparing to play for the morning flag raising. The ceremony was horrifically interrupted by hundreds of Japanese aircraft dropping bombs and riddling the harbor’s battleships with ma-chine gun fire. The Pennsylvania was struck by a bomb, killing 15 and launching men, including Mr. Emond, into a rescue operation. Mr. Emond was trained as a stretcher-bearer and began retrieving the injured and the dead. Mr. Emond retired from the Navy in 1968 and spent a decade working as a civilian em-ployee at Pensacola Naval Air Station. To this day, Mr. Emond continues to serve his country and his community. He has been a Red Cross volunteer at Pensacola Naval Hospital for the last 15 years. He works at the hospital’s front desk where he frequently brightens the day of many visitors as he greets them and works the switchboard. Mr. Emond expresses that ‘‘time is one of the easiest gifts to give, and is an important one that could change the outcome of some-body’s day or maybe even their life.’’ Mr. Emond has certainly given generously of his time and has, no doubt, positively impacted the lives of countless people who are blessed to know and work with him. Frank Emond’s presence and service has been, and will continue to be, an invaluable asset to Northwest Florida. We are proud that he calls our area home and honored that he chooses to spend his time volunteering here. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am humbled and privileged to rec-ognize and honor Frank Emond for his count-less contributions and service. I’d like to ex-tend my gratitude to Mr. Emond and his family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JN8.013 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE767 June 5, 2018 
for all they’ve sacrificed for this country and our community. I would also like to wish him a happy 100th birthday and best wishes. 
f 
JACK CLAWSON 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Jack Clawson, who recently passed away at the age of 90. Jack was a highly respected resident of our district, not only as the father of my prede-cessor, Congressman Curt Clawson, but also as a passionate family man and follower of Jesus Christ. He led a remarkable life, having grown up working on his grandfather’s farm in Utah and a shipyard in Seattle. As a member of the greatest generation, he joined the U.S. Army and fought for our country during WWII, in Japan between 1945 and 1947 while serv-ing on the staff of General Douglas MacArthur. For three years thereafter, he would serve as a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints in Denmark. His service to his church would continue throughout his life. A graduate of Brigham Young University and Harvard Business School in the 1950s, he began a successful business career, serving as the President of Thonet Manufacturing Cor-poration, DeSoto Furniture and Hill-Rom Com-pany. As with every other aspect of his life, Jack instilled a sense of belonging and caring at each of the companies he led. To his friends and family, however, Jack Clawson was known as a devoted husband, father and grandfather. He will be greatly missed by those who knew him and well-remembered by all. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLAUDIA SCHNAIBLE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Claudia Schnaible of Council Bluffs, Iowa on her in-duction into the Thomas Jefferson High School Hall of Fame. Claudia is a 1955 grad-uate of Thomas Jefferson High School in Council Bluffs. Claudia has been a lifelong resident of Council Bluffs. She attended the University of Nebraska, but left to join the workforce and start her career. Claudia worked at Phillip’s Department Store where she was promoted to clothing line buyer. She owned her own cloth-ing store and ended her career working for Younkers and Von Maur Department Stores. Claudia has always been dedicated to giving back to her community. She has volunteered her time as a youth leader for the Shepherd of the Valley Lutheran Church, served as president of Beta Sigma Phi Sorority, as a member of the Alzheimer’s support group at St. Joseph’s Villa, Bethany Lutheran Home, and as a member of the Hall of Fame com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Claudia on achieving the honor to be a mem-ber of the Hall of Fame at Thomas Jefferson High School. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Claudia and wishing her nothing but continued success. f 
BISHOP C. GARNETT HENNING, SR., CHAMPION OF THE AME CHURCH AND OF AFRICAN DE-VELOPMENT 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I am saddened to report the passing of the Right Reverend Coral Garnett Henning, Sr., a giant of the Afri-can Methodist Episcopal (AME) Church, a de-voted defender of the less-fortunate, a tireless advocate for the empowerment of African Americans, and an unfailing friend of Africa. Elected as the 112th Bishop of the AME Church in 1992, he had already served (and grown) congregations in his native Tennessee, as well as Kansas, Missouri and California, in-cluding Ward AME Church in my district. While assigned to Los Angeles from 1972–80, he worked to further economic development, education, the arts and civil rights, and Mayor Tom Bradley appointed him to head the Los Angeles Housing Commission twice. Wherever he went, Bishop Henning devoted his consid-erable talent, energy and intellect to ecumeni-cal outreach, mentoring, political engagement, and supporting education. He also developed a well-deserved reputation for building and strengthening institutions. Assigned to Africa in 1992 to serve the 14th Episcopal District—West Africa, he fortified both the church and education all over the re-gion. He built Bethel AME Church in Ghana; in Coˆte d’Ivoire, he established C. Garnett Henning, Jr. Memorial High School in honor of his late son; and he founded AME University in Monrovia, which today is the second-largest university in Liberia. Assigned to the 19th Episcopal District—South Africa in 1996, he continued to create and build, both programs and structures, including re-opening the nearly century-old Wilberforce Institute (now Wilber-force Community College) which had been closed by South Africa’s apartheid govern-ment. Though he would continue to support Afri-can projects, he returned to the United States in 2000 when he was assigned to the 8th Episcopal District, which includes Mississippi and Louisiana. There, too, he did what he did best, but was called to extraordinary service when Hurricane Katrina struck in 2005. He would go on to administer millions of dollars to restore damaged churches and sustain min-isters and members of the district in the wake of that historic disaster. He was also ap-pointed to the National Bush-Clinton Katrina Fund, a committee that oversaw distribution of more than $70 million. He successfully super-vised the restoration of 49 out of 51 churches damaged by Katrina: In 2008 he received his last assignment, to the 3rd Episcopal District, from which he retired in 2012, freeing him to continue advocacy matters close to his heart, which is what he was doing the last time he came to see me. His considerable legacy will benefit genera-tions to come. I mourn with his widow, Ernes-tine Lee Henning, a leader in her own right, and his family, friends and colleagues. I am grateful to have known him, and grateful for all he has left us. f 
HONORING AUDREY KENT AND HER SON MIKE KENT 
HON. JOHN R. CURTIS 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to honor Audrey Kent and her son Mike Kent for their sacrifices on behalf of our nation. Audrey Kent served as an army nurse for three years in San Francisco during the height of World War II. Working in an operating room, Audrey helped injured soldiers from the Pacific recover before being transferred home. In this capacity, Audrey alleviated the suffering of soldiers exposed to the horrors and car-nage of war. Mike Kent also heeded the call of duty and served in the Vietnam War. As a door gunner on a helicopter, Mike held an especially dan-gerous position that was often the focus of enemy fire. For eleven rigorous months, Mike inserted troops into the field, resupplied them, and conducted reconnaissance, besides other duties. Doug Kent, Mike’s brother and Audrey’s son, also served during the Vietnam War re-pairing helicopters. Tragically, Doug was killed in a helicopter accident on the same day that Mike arrived in Vietnam. Doug’s name is now inscribed upon the Vietnam Veterans Memo-rial with the names of other fallen heroes. Until now, neither Audrey nor Mike have had the opportunity to view Doug’s name in person. Thanks to the generosity of the Utah Honor Flight program, both veterans will now have that opportunity. As Audrey and Mike look forward to paying their respects to Doug, I honor them for their dedication to freedom and our country. The good that both have accomplished during their military service and throughout their civilian lives is immeasurable. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the service of Audrey and Mike to their country. 
f 
IN HONOR OF FORMER GEORGIA REPRESENTATIVE ROBERT F. RAY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a remarkable statesman, farmer, and public servant, former Representative in the Georgia General As-sembly Mr. Robert F. Ray. Sadly, Representa-tive Ray passed away on Tuesday, May 29, 2018. His passing marks the close of a long and prolific life, and his departure leaves a void in the hearts of many Georgians, A me-morial service for Representative Ray was held on Friday, June 1, 2018, at First Baptist Church in Fort Valley, Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.017 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE768 June 5, 2018 
Robert Franklin Ray was born in Crawford County, Georgia to the union of William McCrary Ray and Thelma Crutchfield Ray on their family-owned farm. Robert’s passion for farming and agriculture began during his child-hood, as he helped his family plant and har-vest crops on their farm, which is now a pecan orchard. Robert’s passion for farming and agriculture motivated him to build an impressive career which began at the age of 19 when he was elected President of the Crawford County Farm Bureau. By age 22, he had served as a member of the Crawford County Board of Commissioners before going on to serve two terms on the Crawford County Board of Edu-cation. He also served as the Assistant Com-missioner for Marketing for the Georgia De-partment of Agriculture and the Manager of the State Farmers Market in Macon, Georgia. In 1982, Robert was elected to the Georgia General Assembly, where he served 12 terms and represented Crawford County and por-tions of Bibb, Houston, Lamar, Monroe, Peach, and Upson counties. During his 24 year tenure, Representative Ray served as a member on the Agriculture and Consumer Affairs, Appropriations, Industry and Rules, House Journals, and Small Busi-ness Committees as well as the Chairman of the Agriculture and Consumer Affairs Com-mittee. Representative Ray made agriculture his first priority as he worked diligently to en-sure that the interests of farmers were sup-ported and protected and led the charge to give poultry farmers rights in contract negotia-tions. His legacy also includes spearheading legislation and funding to support education and economic development, which was instru-mental in the establishment of Georgia’s sys-tem of tourism routes and the creation of toll- free calling zones in the Middle Georgia area. In addition to his political career, Robert was actively involved in the communities that he served. He presided on a variety of boards, served in a number of organizations at the local and state levels, and received numerous awards and commendations. Robert accomplished much throughout his life, but none of this would have been possible without his enduring faith in God and the love and support of his wife, Jennifer; his children, Lisa, Robin, Bob, and Adam; and his siblings and grandchildren. On a personal note, Representative Ray and I served in the State House together and I was blessed with his friendship, counsel, and support over the years. Representative Ray was a great representative for Middle Georgia and a stellar example of how a public servant should serve his constituents. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, along with my wife, Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District in paying tribute to former Representative Robert F. Ray for his remarkable leadership in our great State of Georgia. He shall be remembered as an out-standing statesman, a champion of education, and an advocate for hard-working farmers. We extend our deepest sympathies to his family, friends and, loved ones during this difficult time and we pray that they will be comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 30TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE DELAWARE & LEHIGH NATIONAL HERITAGE CORRIDOR 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remark on a notable milestone in the history of the Pennsylvania 17th Congressional District. Thirty years ago, a group of thoughtful and committed citizens took the region’s case for national historic significance to Congress. The result is the Delaware & Lehigh National Herit-age Corridor (D&L). Today, the D&L Corridor is a lively, vibrant place to live. Towns and cities are revitalized, and their historic districts have been pre-served. Technology, culture, and innovation have replaced the industrial past, while agrar-ian roots are still visible in the surrounding countryside. The D&L Trail connects people to our industrial heritage, health and wellness, economic development, and nature and the environment. The D&L’s unique combination of industry and natural resources helped it fuel America’s 19th Century Industrial Revolution. The dis-covery of anthracite, and later the manufac-turing of iron ore and its historic transportation path from Wilkes-Barre to Bristol, catapulted the region into an internationally-recognized hub of production. Without a doubt, the Dela-ware and Lehigh Canals and the Lehigh Val-ley Railroad were essential in this process. It is their history that the D&L works to preserve and celebrate as a Smithsonian Affiliate through the National Canal Museum and aboard the Josiah White II mule-drawn canal boat. With the support of the National Park Serv-ice, the Pennsylvania Department of Con-servation and Natural Resources, the William Penn Foundation, countless volunteers, and like-minded partner organizations, the D&L is continuing its commitment to inspiring connec-tions by revitalizing towns, restoring its beau-tiful landscape, celebrating and preserving its heritage, and planning its future for genera-tions to come in Luzerne, Carbon, Lehigh, Northampton and Bucks County. The history of the D&L is still in the making. 
f 
THANKING BART D EWITT AND DOYLE SWINDELL FOR THEIR SERVICE ON THE ALVIN COMMU-NITY COLLEGE BOARD OF RE-GENTS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Bart DeWitt and Doyle Swindell for their service on the Alvin Community College Board of Regents. Bart and Doyle worked a combined 82 years of service on the ACC Board of Re-gents, a school where they are both alumnae. Bart joined the board as a trustee in 1972, while serving as a math teacher in Houston and Friendswood school districts. Doyle spent nine years as chair of the board. During his time, he helped ACC acquire the Nolan Ryan Center and pushed for the expansion of the Science/Health Science Center. These two men have been described as tireless workers with a genuine passion for their community. They have been valued members of the Alvin Community College team. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Bart DeWitt and Doyle Swindell for their long period of service on the Alvin Community College Board of Regents. I thank them for their dedication to furthering education in our Alvin community. We are grateful to have such hardworking public servants in our district. Best wishes in their next endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO RALPH (ED) KERMOADE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ralph (Ed) Kermoade of Council Bluffs, Iowa on his induction into the Thomas Jefferson High School Hall of Fame. Ed is a 1974 graduate of Thomas Jefferson High School in Council Bluffs. Ed earned his bachelor’ s degree from the University of Nebraska Omaha and graduated from Drake University with a degree in sec-ondary education administration. Ed has been a teacher and coach in the Council Bluffs Community School District. His career has taken him to Longfellow Junior High School and Wilson Middle School and he has taught driver’s education for 41 years at 13 different high schools across the Council Bluffs metro area. Ed remains active in the Council Bluffs community volunteering with the West End Optimist Club and the Cobra Optimist Sports Club. Ed said he always tries to pass on to his students that, ‘‘it is always the right time to do the right thing and if you are early, you are never late.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Ed Kermoade as a member of the Hall of Fame at Thomas Jefferson High School. I am proud to represent him in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Ed and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS. JUNE FOSTER SANCHEZ 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Mrs. June Foster Sanchez, a retired educator, who died on May 24, 2018 at the age of 86. Mrs. Sanchez was a retired educator who taught in the Orleans Parish Schools for 42 years, primarily at John W. Hoffman School. She was also an instructor in the Department of Education at Dillard University for seven-teen years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.021 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE769 June 5, 2018 
Mrs. Sanchez was the beloved widow of Mr. Andrew ‘‘Pete’’ Sanchez, Sr., who was the first African American Department Head for the city of New Orleans. From their marriage came twins, Andrew Jr. and Andrea. Mrs. Sanchez graduated from Gilbert Acad-emy Senior High School. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Elementary Edu-cation from Dillard University, and she re-ceived a Master of Education degree in Early Childhood Education from Harvard University. Moreover, Mrs. Sanchez acquired (30) addi-tional hours in advanced graduate studies from Xavier University, the University of Kan-sas, Loyola University and Tulane University. Mrs. Sanchez received a Golden Diploma from Dillard University and she was a proud Life Member and Golden Sorority Member of the Alpha Beta Omega Chapter of Alpha Kapa Alpha Sorority, Inc. She was a member of the New Orleans Chapter of Top Ladies of Dis-tinction. Mrs. Sanchez was a proud and faithful member of the Hartzell United Methodist Church. She served as Chairperson of the Ad-ministrative Board, Treasurer, and Board Member of Hartzell Day Care Center. She was President and Vice-President of Hartzell’s United Methodist Women. She served as Sec-retary of the New Orleans-Slidell District United Methodist Women. Mrs. Sanchez lived an extraordinary life that cannot be categorized. Her legacy will forever be a part of New Orleans and her dedication to community embodies the spirit of public service. We cannot match the sacrifices made by Mrs. Sanchez, but surely, we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match her courage, but we can strive to match her devotion. Mrs. Sanchez’s survivors include her chil-dren Andrea (Jefferson, Sr.) and Andrew (Dr. Janice T.); Ruby Foster, mother; Ruby San-chez, sister-in-law; Jefferson, Jr. and Ashley, grandchildren; Jemori, Journi, Jefferson, III, great grandchildren; Dr. Angelique Williams (Sterling, Jr.), niece; host of cousins; and de-voted friends Delores Parker, Nathalie Latiker and Stella May. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Mrs. June Foster Sanchez. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 30 YEAR ANNI-VERSARY OF THE DELAWARE AND LEHIGH NATIONAL HERIT-AGE CORRIDOR 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the Delaware and Lehigh Na-tional Heritage Corridor, which is celebrating 30 years of providing exceptional educational and recreational experiences for residents and visitors of Pennsylvania. The unique and rich history of the Delaware and Lehigh National Heritage Corridor, which spans Luzerne, Carbon, Lehigh, Northampton, and Bucks Counties, includes pioneering rail-roads, steel production, and coal mining and distribution. The corridor boasts 165 miles of mountain-lined trails, in addition to various ca-nals, rivers and, and picturesque towns. Through the preservation of historic railways and landscape, the Delaware and Lehigh Na-tional Heritage Corridor pays tribute to this re-gion’s role as an early leader of industrial in-novation and a shining example of our nation’s natural resources. Since Congress established the Delaware and Lehigh National Heritage Corridor in 1988, the dedicated members of this organization have tirelessly worked to maintain and build on the progress of this landmark area, which encompasses nine Historic Landmarks, six National Recreation Trails, and two National Natural Landmarks. With the support of the National Park Service, the Pennsylvania De-partment of Conservation and Natural Re-source, the William Penn Foundation, count-less volunteers and like-minded partner orga-nizations, generations of Americans have and will continue to be able to connect with their heritage. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking all those organizations and individuals who have dedicated their time and effort over the lasts 30 years to make the Delaware and Lehigh Heritage Corridor the success it is today. f 
HONORING JEAN HILL & LARRY SCHULTIS 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to honor two former Riverdale residents who, though they no longer reside here, have left an indel-ible mark especially on the Conservative Syn-agogue Adath Israel of Riverdale (CSAIR) community. One thing was clear on that fateful day six months ago when Jean Hill and Larry Schultis moved out of Riverdale after making their life here. They might be leaving Riverdale, but they were not going to leave CSAIR. Our shul had become a constant in their lives and would remain so for a long time. Jean and Larry met in 2005 and Larry moved to Riverdale in 2006. Jean celebrated her daughters’ Bnot Mitzvot at CSAIR. Jean was comforted through Jean’s mother’s pass-ing by attending minyan regularly at CSAIR with Larry. Jean and Larry watched proudly as their niece became the first child born to a gay couple to be named in the synagogue. Jean and Larry have worked quietly and humbly to make CSAIR a stronger place. Jean, a partner in a management consulting firm and Larry, an attorney, are consummate problem solvers, who dedicate their work and their donations to improving CSAIR through overcoming any obstacles that arise. Not enough space? Larry worked with the architect to help plan and envision the new Betty Baum Library. Need a few more good people? He served on search committees and helps select the synagogue’s Gladstein Fellows. Need a 10th on Friday morning? Larry is there. Jean and Larry support both the Rabbi’s Fund and the Cantor’s Fund in appreciation of the critical role both play in the community, recognizing the importance of providing re-sources and flexibility to address urgent needs. This commitment is grounded in Jean and Larry’s collective experiences from Lon-don to Scranton, when their family found Jew-ish communities, anchored by rabbis who wel-comed them for holidays and made important connections. Jean and Larry see in Rabbi Katz and Cantor Stevens this same spirit of warmth and welcoming, and it has helped them feel at home here. Jean and Larry have accomplished so much in the community, and for their incredible work CSAIR has chosen to honor them at their an-nual Gala Celebration. I would like to con-gratulate them on receiving this wonderful honor, and add my congratulations for all they have done to strengthen our neighborhood. f 
HONORING THE 126TH AIR REFUEL-ING WING AT SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE IN ST. CLAIR COUNTY ILLI-NOIS 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of the important efforts of the 126th Air Refueling Wing at Scott Air Force Base in St. Clair County, Illinois. On June 2, 2018, I celebrated the many achievements of this unit when I attended the 126th Air Refueling Wing Day, which was done by proclamation of the Governor. The 126th Air Refueling Wing routinely suc-ceeds in its mission of providing immediate, sustained, long-range air refueling of both nu-clear and conventional aircraft for both U.S. Armed Forces and NATO Allies. The 126th Air Refueling Wing has more than 1,000 Air National Guard and active duty United States Air Force Personnel who re-cently received its eighth Air Force Out-standing Unit Award for service provided from December 2014 through December 2016. The service members of the 126th Air Re-fueling Wing routinely demonstrate their excel-lence in performance while supporting the United States Air Force operations. The sig-nificant awards and recognition the 126th Illi-nois Air National Guard has received sets the foundational framework for being a strong Center of Excellence for military aircraft. I am proud of their hard work and dedication to en-suring the best aircraft maintenance and repair work is done at Scott Air Force Base. Our na-tional defense depends on having our military aircraft able to fly in a minute’s notice, so the work they do every day is critical in keeping all of us safe at home. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VIRGINIA CANTRELL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Virginia Cantrell of Council Bluffs, Iowa on her induc-tion into the Thomas Jefferson High School Hall of Fame. Virginia is a 1958 graduate of Thomas Jefferson High School in Council Bluffs. Virginia was born into a family who valued education. Her mother taught school and her father served on the local school board. Dur-ing Virginia’s senior year in high school she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.025 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE770 June 5, 2018 
was class president, homecoming queen, and valedictorian. Virginia graduated from Graceland University, and the University of Iowa, and earned a master’s degree in library science from Western Michigan University. She began her career working in an elemen-tary school in Illinois. Virginia returned home to help with the family business after the death of her father. She worked for the Council Bluffs Public Library and was the librarian for Bloomer Elementary School and returned to Thomas Jefferson High School to help estab-lish the first computer lab. Virginia has re-mained active in her community and is best known as one of the ‘‘peanut-brittle ladies’’ who help raise money for a school in Haiti and for other church ministries. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Vir-ginia on the honor of being a member of the Hall of Fame at Thomas Jefferson High School. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Virginia and wishing her nothing but continued success in all her en-deavors. 
f 
DANA ABBOTT RECEIVES SWIM COACH HALL OF FAME AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dana Abbott of Katy, TX for re-ceiving the National Interscholastic Swimming Coaches Association Hall of Fame Award. The Hall of Fame Award from the National Interscholastic Swimming Coaches Associa-tion is one of the most significant awards for the sport. Two association members are named annually and have their names en-graved on the trophy at the International Swimming Hall of Fame. In 2016, Coach Ab-bott led the St. John XXIII College Preparatory swim team to a girl’s state championship and a boy’s regional crown for the Lions. Coach Abbott founded the Tiger Swim Club in Katy and the West Houston Aquatic League. He also served as an assistant coach at the Uni-versity of Texas before working as the head swim coach at Katy High School from 1980 to 2005. During his career, Abbott has received numerous awards including the TAPPS Male Coach of the Year in 2016, the 2008 Paragon Award from the International Swimming Hall of Fame, and the TISCA Theron Pickle Lifetime Achievement Award. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Coach Abbott for receiving the National Interscholastic Swimming Coaches Associa-tion Hall of Fame Award. I thank him for his dedication to our education system and for sharing his passion for swimming with our stu-dents. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH RE-UNION OF THE BRAVE MEN AND WOMEN OF THE 6TH AIRLIFT SQUADRON HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, the 6th Air-lift Squadron is part of the 305th Air Mobility Wing at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey. It operates the C–17 Globemaster III supporting the United States Air Force global reach mission worldwide. The 6th Airlift Squadron is the oldest airlift squad-ron in the Air Force, having served with dis-tinction since 1 October 1933—85 years ago. It must be understood that any aviation squad-ron which boasts a proud 85 year history can only be considered extraordinary. The squad-ron was initially assigned to the 2nd Transport Group, at Shreveport, Louisiana, and later re-organized in August 1937 with Reserve per-sonnel at Columbus, Ohio. The squadron was activated on 14 October 1939 into the Army Air Forces at Olmsted Field, Harrisburg, Penn-sylvania. The squadron made airlift history during World War II when, in October 1942, it was transferred to Port Moresby, New Guinea. Then flying C–47s, the 6th became the first personnel transport squadron to fly in the Pa-cific. It was during this assignment that the squadron earned the nickname Bully Beef Ex-press, as it carried tons of boiled beef to allied combat troops in Australia and New Guinea. The French called it ‘‘boujili boef’’, and the Americanization of the term has continued to this day to be the squadron’s emblem. The 6th performed aerial transportation in the Pacific Theater and Southwest Pacific Theater during World War II and in the Far East during the Korean War and after until 1968, when it was temporarily deactivated but then reactivated in April 1970 during the Viet Nam War as more C–141 Starlifters were coming into service. It has performed worldwide airlift operations since then. The 6th conducted resupply mis-sions in support of scientific stations in the Antarctic during Operation Deep Freeze from, 1971 to 1974. It re-supplied Israel during the 1973 Yom Kippur War. It evacuated Viet-namese refugees during the fall of Saigon, April through June 1975. It has also supported U.S. forces in Grenada, October through De-cember 1983, during the invasion of Panama, December 1989 through January 1990, and during the liberation of Kuwait, August 1990 through March 1991, and continues to support military operations throughout the Middle East. In June of 1979 current and past members of the squadron organized the first of what would be 40 consecutive annual reunions spanning 4 decades—the longest continuous running re-union in the Air Force. On June 6, 2018, those past and present members of this distin-guished military unit will celebrate a milestone with the 40th Annual Bully Beef Reunion. Today, we recognize the fine, dedicated men and women of the 6th who have served self-lessly and honorably over 85 years, and con-gratulate them on their 40th Reunion. HONORING LAURIE KRACKO HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a pillar of the Anshe Sholom community, Ms. Laurie Kracko, who this year is being honored by the congregation for all she has accom-plished. Laurie has been a life-long member of Con-gregation Anshe Sholom. Her grandparents, Selma & Erich Kracko became members in 1946. Her father Elliot was born into Anshe Sholom, and when he married Ellen in 1972, they continued their membership and have been involved ever since. Laurie grew up in New Rochelle and in Mamaroneck, went to Solomon Schechter grade school, and grad-uated from Scarsdale High School. She re-ceived her Bachelor’s Degree in Business Communication from The University of Hart-ford in Connecticut. Right out of college, Laurie started working for her father in one of his businesses. After a few years, Laurie chose to work in the non- profit world where she spent five years work-ing at The National Jewish Council for Disabil-ities/Yachad, as office manager. In 2009, Lau-rie left Yachad to, once again, work in one of her father’s businesses. In 2010, Laurie opened her own business, City Sprint Safety and Supply. In just under three years of being in business, a competitor approached Laurie and her business partner with an offer to pur-chase City Sprint. They sold the business in the winter of 2012. In March of 2015, Laurie bought out her father’s business partner in Modern Paint & Hardware Corp. and together, Elliot & Laurie formed The Modern Paint Group, where they went from one paint & hardware store to eight in a matter of 90 days from April to July of 2015. This rapid growth turned Modern Paint into the second largest chain of paint stores in Westchester County. Over the years, Laurie has become more and more active in Anshe Sholom. She is in-volved in planning events, weekly Kiddush preparation, social media and weekly Shabbat announcements. She is on the Chesed com-mittee, the Outreach Committee and much more. Laurie became a Board Member in 2015, and in 2016 became Secretary of the Board. In 2016, Laurie represented Congregation Anshe Sholom at the Westchester Jewish Council Leadership Development Program and has participated in many of their events and meetings on behalf of Anshe Sholom. As you can see, Laurie has done it all, and is most deserving of this warm recognition. Congratulations to her on this grand occasion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 20TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE CENTER FOR DOMESTIC PREPAREDNESS 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 20th Anniversary of the Center for Domestic Preparedness (CDP) which will be celebrated on June 14th. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.029 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE771 June 5, 2018 
On June 1, 1998, the Center opened its doors to America’s first responders. Over the past 20 years, the staff of the CDP have pro-vided cutting-edge training to first responders from all 50 states, every U.S. territory and many tribal nations. Through the years, the Center’s unique training capabilities have pre-pared the nation’s communities to plan for, re-spond to and recover from disasters. As the nation’s only facility that trains local respond-ers with live toxic materials, the CDP’s training builds skills and confidence within the re-sponse community that can save American lives in a homeland security crisis. Since its inception, the Center has contin-ued to expand its facilities and curriculum to better meet the training needs of first respond-ers. Today, the CDP serves an essential role within the Department of Homeland Security’s Federal Emergency Management Agency for helping provide critical training that ultimately helps keep our communities safe. I am pleased to recognize the staff of the Center for Domestic Preparedness today for reaching this important milestone, and look forward to witnessing its continued service to the nation. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the CDP on this exciting milestone in their his-tory. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO PATRICIA KEIFFNER ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT FROM IBJ MEDIA 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Patricia ‘‘Pat’’ Keiffner on the occasion of her retirement from IBJ Media. For the past twenty-three years, Pat devoted her life to providing exceptional service to her co-workers, authors, IBJ partners, and ven-dors. In her more than two decades of service, Pat published various statewide publications focusing on education and launched over 400 books. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congres-sional District are forever grateful for Pat’s commitment to literature and educating the next generation of Indiana students through her work in publishing. Before residing in the Hoosier state, Pat earned a Bachelor of Arts in English and Soci-ology from Morehead State University in Ken-tucky. She later attended Southern Methodist University, where she earned her Master’s in English. Passionate about education, Pat began her career as a secondary and post- secondary English coordinator and instructor at Plano Senior High School in Texas. After four years of teaching, Pat became the Dean of Academic Affairs at Sawyer Business Col-lege, and then was Senior Security Coordi-nator for Northrop Grumman, and later Gen-eral Manager at the Greater Lexington Cham-ber of Commerce. These positions led her to Indianapolis where she started her own press firm, Magna Graphic/ Midwest Incorporated. Her leadership at Magna Graphic/ Midwest Inc. prepared her for her career at IBJ Media where she has been influential in the manage-ment of various projects and publications. During her career at IBJ Media, Pat stood out as a leader. Her role in revamping the graphic production and print processes was in-strumental in the financial successes of the firm. Along with her superb management skills, Pat brought her passion for education into the publishing world. Pat started the Cus-tom Publishing division of IBJ Media, respon-sible for launching several statewide education publications including Next Indiana, GRAD, and Career Ready. The Custom Publishing di-vision is also responsible for producing publi-cations for grades K–10, reaching hundreds of thousands of students across the State of Indi-ana. Relationship oriented, Pat developed long-term partnerships with the Indiana Com-mission for Higher Education and the Indiana Department of Workforce Development mak-ing these highly respected publications pos-sible. During her time with IBJ Media, Pat’s in-fluence reached beyond the education sector. Pat was responsible for overseeing more than forty custom publications annually for government, not-for-profits, and various indus-tries. She also oversaw the expansion from print to web and mobile apps. Her many awards are a testament to the ex-ceptional work ethic of this incredibly talented individual. A hard worker, Pat published hun-dreds of books through IBJ Book Publishing, three of which were picked up by national publishers including Simon & Schuster. Most recently, one of these books received the Na-tional Jewish Book Award. Of particular note, Pat published Breaking Cardinal Rules, which drew national attention as a #1 best seller of basketball books. Pat’s impact on her community goes far be-yond publishing. Rooted in a desire to make positive change, Pat used her extensive ex-pertise to create successful public and private sector partnerships and received the Presi-dential Citation from Ronald Reagan for her statewide initiatives. Pat’s dedication to her community is evi-denced by her service on the boards of Com-munity Health Network Foundation, Little Red Door, Teachers’ Treasures, Lugar Series, and Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce’s ChamberAction. The Indiana Commission for Women recognized Pat as a Trailblazer as a recipient of the Torchbearer Award for her work with public/private partnerships. Pat has made a remarkable impression on her community and the lives of her friends, family, and colleagues. She has truly left a legacy of success at IBJ Media that will be built upon for years to come. On behalf of In-diana’s Fifth Congressional District, I would like to congratulate Pat Keiffner on her ex-traordinary career and extend my gratitude for all the wonderful contributions she has made to our Hoosier community. While I know Pat will be missed, I wish the very best to her hus-band John and the rest of her family as she enjoys a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF DR. JO MARSHALL 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dr. Jo Marshall in recognition of her retirement after a lifetime of dedication as a highly esteemed post-sec-ondary education administrator in Kentucky and Alabama, including her last 18 years of leadership as President of Somerset Commu-nity College (SCC) in Somerset, Kentucky. Dr. Marshall and her late husband, Dr. Scott Marshall, were a dynamic team with immense passion for post-secondary education, who worked tirelessly to improve access to college degrees and open new doors of opportunity for those most in need. In fact, when the Mar-shalls first arrived in Somerset, they surveyed the rural Lake Cumberland region and quickly realized the tremendous need for a scholar-ship fund to help our students pay for tuition. So, Dr. Marshall launched the SCC Founda-tion, which is a nearly one-million-dollar fund today, making college dreams come true for countless local students. Despite severe budget cuts and rising un-employment rates, Dr. Marshall guided SCC through some of its greatest successes. She expanded the local campus with several new state-of-the-art buildings, increased enrollment numbers to historic levels, developed key part-nerships with four-year colleges and univer-sities to streamline student transfers, and gar-nered a multitude of accolades for her per-sonal leadership and SCC’s achievements. Dr. Jo Marshall is an incredibly gracious and humble individual who leads with a steady hand and a heart of compassion. She has made a remarkable difference in our commu-nity and in the lives of countless students in Kentucky. Although she is retiring, Dr. Mar-shall has laid a foundation for future success and growth as SCC continues to serve our re-gion. My wife, Cynthia, and I wish our dear friend, Dr. Marshall, many joyful years of retirement with her children and grandchildren. f 
HONORING MIRIAM WESTHEIMER & JOEL EINLEGER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to honor two individuals who have done outstanding work as part of the Conserv-ative Synagogue Adath Israel of Riverdale (CSAIR) community, Miriam Westheimer and Joel Einleger. Joel and Miriam found a home at CSAIR that spoke to their divergent backgrounds. Ye-shiva-educated, Joel grew up in a Modern Or-thodox family in Washington Heights con-nected to the local Jewish community. Miriam also grew up in Washington Heights, and her family’s connection to Judaism was primarily cultural, with shul attendance reserved for High Holidays. They both were drawn by CSAIR’s warmth, evident when the Havurah offered to make a minyan after Miriam’s father passed away, and when food showed up on their doorstep after their oldest, Ari, was born. Miriam served on the Education Board and the Social Action Committee; chaired the Gala honoring Rabbi Katz and Shoshi Talesnick; and worked on the Child Protection Com-mittee. She organized the interfaith Seder, de-veloped a partnership with the Creston Ave-nue Baptist Church, and started regular Israeli folk dance evenings. She also chaired the most recent Capital Campaign, which through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.033 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE772 June 5, 2018 
her special connection with Bette Baum, helped her to envision the new Baum library. Like Miriam, Joel contributed to CSAIR by serving on the Design Committee for both building renovations. At the same time, Joel focused on the congregation’s spiritual core. He organized the first Torathon, an evening of classes and workshops open to the commu-nity. He was passionate about finding a way to reinvigorate Friday nights, leading to the now popular Lechu Neranena program. He was also intent on providing an easy way to sus-tain Jewish learning and continuity through the Passport to Jewish Education initiative. This program encompasses a host of scholarship opportunities for the children of CSAIR mem-bers. Both Joel and Miriam are CSAIR treasures, extending the warmth and energy that first embraced them to all who enter our doors. This year, CSAIR is honoring them for their exceptional contributions to the community at their annual Gala Celebration. They have cho-sen two outstanding honorees. I too want to congratulate both Miriam and Joel on this wonderful occasion and thank them for all they have done. 
f 
KIM CROMIE NAMED KATY ISD NURSE OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kim Cromie of Katy, TX for being named the 2017–18 Katy Independent School District Nurse of the Year. Kim, a nurse at Bonnie Holland Elementary School, cares for students and the sicknesses they endure throughout the academic year in a tremendously effective manner. Her col-leagues describe Kim to be a crucial member of their team and are extremely appreciative of the work she has done. She was nominated for Nurse of the Year by her colleagues for her professionalism, work experience, vol-unteerism and clinic management experience. In 2017, Bonnie Holland Elementary School was recognized as a ‘‘Project Adam Heart Safe School,’’ largely due to Cromie’s work with the school’s staff and Texas Children’s Hospital. When not aiding the health of stu-dents, Ms. Cromie takes time out of her busy schedule to mentor other Katy ISD nurses. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kim for being named the 2017–18 Katy ISD Nurse of the Year. I thank her for her dedica-tion to keeping our kids healthy. We’re lucky to have such an exemplary nurse caring for kids at Holland Elementary. 
f 
AMERICAN AMBULANCE ASSOCIA-TION’S 2018 STARS OF LIFE AWARD 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Robert Bukovac with the Trinidad Am-bulance District. On June 12th, Mr. Bukovac will receive American Ambulance Association’s 2018 Stars of Life award. Robert Bukovac has dedicated his life to protecting all Americans through his service as a United States Marine, firefighter, and police officer. Today he is saving lives as a Para-medic and serves as the Las Animas County Emergency Preparedness Coordinator. Mr. Bukovac is a valued teammate at the Trinidad Ambulance District and has gone above and beyond the call of duty in service to his community. Our nation owes no greater debt of gratitude than the one we owe our first responders and service members. They have made incredible sacrifices for our country and deserve our ut-most support and appreciation for their serv-ice. Robert Bukovac’s continued dedication to service is a testament to his character, and I am proud to honor and recognize this out-standing accomplishment. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes and congratulations to Mr. Bukovac for receiving the 2018 Stars of Life award. f 
HONORING ANSHE SHOLOM SISTERHOOD 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Anshe Sholom Sisterhood. It is my privilege to recognize their dedication to Anshe Sholom and the wider community as they celebrate 101 years of incredible work. The earliest mention of the Sisterhood was in 1917, when it was called the Ladies Aid So-ciety. From its inception, the Sisterhood has been concerned with the health and well-being of the New Rochelle Community. During the Second World War, the Sisterhood established and ran the first kosher kitchen for Jewish sol-diers stationed at Fort Slocum, now known as David’s Island. They also provided the free in-oculations against polio and had organized blood drives. Over the years, the Sisterhood has raised money for Anshe Sholom by hosting guest lecturers, art auctions, fashion shows, ba-zaars, card parties, charity dinners, and trips to Jewish Museums. Their work supports the Rabbi’s discretionary fund and has helped fi-nance renovations to the synagogue. The Sisterhood also arranges the annual Passover Seder, assists with the community sukkah every year, with Succot dinners and Shavuot lunches, and provides gifts for Bar and Bat Mitzvahs. They are always available to help community members in need, visiting the sick and homebound, delivering food to those in need, and providing Shiva meals for the bereaved. The Sisterhood has always been willing to support the work of the congregation, whether through direct financial help to the synagogue, helping hands to a family in need, or dona-tions to community organizations feeding the hungry. Over a century of work could only be achieved and sustained by individuals who are truly dedicated to their synagogue and com-munity. I am proud to recognize the leadership of the Anshe Sholom Sisterhood and their re-markable dedication and hard work. f 
TRIBUTE TO DUSTIE BURTON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Dustie Burton from Greater Regional Medical Center in Creston, Iowa who was awarded the 2018 DAISY Award For Extraor-dinary Nurses at a ceremony this spring. This award is part of the DAISY Founda-tion’s program to recognize the superhuman efforts nurses perform every day. Dustie was nominated by patients, families, and col-leagues because of her willingness to give her best efforts for the patients at GRMC. I applaud and congratulate Dustie for her award and for providing excellent patient care in Iowa’s Third District. I am proud to rep-resent her and all the employees of the Great-er Regional Medical Center in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Dustie Burton and wishing her continued success in the future. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF DR. HUMPHREY DON GERMANIUK, MD, AP FP 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Dr. Humphrey Don Germaniuk, 64, who passed away on Friday, April 20, 2018. Humphrey was born on February 4, 1954 on Staten Island, New York City to Ukrainian im-migrants Onufriji and Neonila Germaniuk. Growing up, Humphrey played in a rock and roll band that performed all throughout New York City. His band, Timeless, had gained such a large, dedicated following that they captured the attention of Capitol Records, and began recording with the label. At the age of 19, Humphrey took his first steps toward what would become a distinguished career in foren-sic medicine by volunteering with the Manhat-tan Medical Examiner’s Office under the guid-ance of renowned physician Dr. Milton Helpern. Humphrey studied Biology at Wagner Col-lege on Staten Island, and graduated in 1975. After graduation, he had the amazing oppor-tunity to travel to Italy and obtain a dual Ph.D. and M.D. from the University of Rome. In 1984, he returned to the United States with a deep affection and appreciation for his Italian hosts and their Italian culture. Upon his return; Humphrey began his professional medical ca-reer at The Ohio State University, where he completed a residency in pathology in 1988. Following his residency, he held a Fellowship in Forensic Medicine at the Miami-Dade Coun-ty Medical Examiner’s Office in Florida and became certified as a Forensic Pathologist. After his certification, he served as an asso-ciate Medical Examiner for Onondaga County, New York for five years. Then in 1994, Hum-phrey was selected to serve as Deputy Chief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.036 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE773 June 5, 2018 
of the Washington, D.C. Medical Examiner’s Office. While in Washington, Humphrey built a na-tional reputation as an authority in forensic medicine; honing his craft by performing thou-sands of autopsies and testifying in hundreds of capital trials, both in District and Federal Court. At the same time, Humphrey was able to keep his academic career alive by writing numerous articles on forensics, and also lec-turing on various medical and legal aspects of death investigations as an adjunct professor at Georgetown and George Washington Schools of Law. By 1998, Humphrey was serving as Chief Medical Examiner of the Nation’s Cap-ital. Despite receiving many accolades for his management of the Washington, D.C. Medical Examiner’s Office, the professional demands of his position took a toll on him. Humphrey chose to return to Ohio after his time in Wash-ington, and accepted a position as Assistant Coroner to Trumbull County. Humphrey de-scribed the change of scenery as a ‘‘priceless opportunity’’ to reconnect with what mattered most in his life, and he became the first cer-tified Forensic Pathologist to serve the county. In 2008, Humphrey found himself in politics for the first time as he successfully ran for his first term as Trumbull County Coroner. Over the next 10 years, until his death, Humphrey helped build the office into an extremely well respected one. As Trumbull County Coroner he fought to recoup taxpayer money lost in professional time spent testifying in private civil litigation. He also regularly advocated for legislation addressing reimbursement to coun-ties, and conducted training seminars for po-lice departments regarding death investigation. During his long career, Humphrey had a dis-tinguished record of national, state, and local community service. He was a delegate to the National Association of Medical Examiners and College of American Pathologists, gov-ernor of the Ohio Society of Pathology, and member of the American Society of Clinical Pathologists. He was also a member of the Ohio State Medical Association; the Ohio State Coroner’s Association, and, perhaps most fondly for his colleagues and peers from Trumbull Memorial Hospital, as past president of the Trumbull County Medical Society. In 2010, Humphrey was invited by Pakistan to participate in a series of lectures on the best practices for competent death investiga-tion alongside representatives from the Punjab Forensic Science Agency, the Pakistani Su-preme Court, and the Punjab Institute of Lan-guage, Art and Culture. The trip was con-ducted under the sponsorship of the U.S. State Department and hosted in the ancient city of Lahore as part of an ongoing diplomatic effort to strengthen ties between the two coun-tries as part of the Global War on Terrorism. Humphrey considered the trip a great oppor-tunity, and a defining moment in his career. Alongside his impressive professional ca-reer, Humphrey was also an avid outdoors-man. He and his family enjoyed sailing on Lake Erie and Mosquito Lake, and hiking and hunting on the family’s property in Western Pennsylvania. Humphrey was a member of the Vienna Fish and Game Club where he taught hunter safety education. He also be-longed to the Trumbull County Antique Tractor Club, and actively participated in the County’s Democratic Party. He loved his family so much, and will be deeply missed by his wife of 36 years, Gene-vieve Marie Germaniuk; son and daughter-in- law Zachariah Shevchenko and Suzanne Eliz-abeth (nee´Schoen) Germaniuk; sister and niece Nina Irene (nee´Germaniuk) and Nila Skye Cooper of Stillwater, Minnesota; step- niece Oksana (Sergie) Popova and grand-nieces Ulyana Popova of New York, N.Y., and Drs. Vera (Richard) Salvatore, DDS (nee ´ Popova) of Schenectady, New York. I extend my sincerest condolences to his family and friends. 
f 
HONORING SAMANTHA & DANIEL WIENER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we acknowledge and celebrate the efforts of those who selflessly work to better their com-munities. Samantha and Daniel Wiener, the recipients of the Hebrew Institute of River-dale—more commonly referred to as the Bayit—Young Leadership Award, are two such people. Samantha and Daniel are dedicated mem-bers of the Bayit who have been active in many important behind-the-scenes efforts on behalf of their shul. They both bring their unique professional backgrounds into their involvement in the shul. Samantha’s background in early childhood education, with extensive knowledge and ex-pertise in educating young children, and Dan-iel’s work in real estate, have impacted the areas of volunteerism that they have chosen to connect with at the Bayit. Daniel also serves on the executive committee, and he, Samantha and their children—Akiva, Tehila, and Liliya—are regular attendees at Tot Shab-bat and supporters of the Youth Department. Samantha and Daniel see what needs to be done at shul, step up, and offer their time and help without waiting to be asked. This family’s tireless efforts and spirit of vol-unteerism are exemplary. They are fitting re-cipients for the Young Leadership Award, and it is my hope that the youth of the Bayit will heed their examples. Congratulations to Samantha and Daniel on this well-deserved honor. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 29TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE TIANANMEN SQUARE MASSACRE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of the 1989 massacre in Tiananmen Square, Beijing. Today marks the 29th anniversary of what is deemed to be the greatest challenge to the communist state in China since the 1949 revo-lution. We pause to remember the hundreds of ci-vilians who risked their lives for democracy on June 4, 1989 and gave the last full measure of devotion in service to the cause of freedom. The Chinese army shot unarmed civilians, mostly students, who participated in a 7-week peaceful protest to urge for democratic reform in the midst of widespread government corrup-tion. Local residents who did not engage in the protests but assisted injured protestors like-wise were mercilessly shot. The inhumane violence and slaughter of in-nocent citizens shocked the world. President George W. Bush strongly con-demned the use of force, and British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher said that she was appalled by the massacre. As the leading country of the free world and international community the United States has always promoted democratic governance and economic liberty as its key pillars. Our enduring and unyielding commitment to democracy and peace makes it imperative for us to remember the victims of the Tiananmen Square Massacre and continually rebuke the use of violence by governmental actors against peaceful protesters whenever and wherever it happens. f 
TRIBUTE TO EMMA COCKBURN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Emma Cockburn of Nodaway Valley High School. Emma was recently honored for outstanding academic achievement at the Sixteenth An-nual Governor’s Scholar Recognition on April 29, 2018. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa High School Athletic Association, and the Iowa Farm Bu-reau. Each Iowa high school was invited to se-lect a senior with the highest academic rank-ing. Not only are they academically gifted, but the selected students are often the youth who are successful in extra-curricular activities and community endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Emma in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to reach her goals. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Emma on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF AUBURN UNI-VERSITY EQUESTRIAN TEAM WINNING NCEA NATIONAL CHAM-PIONSHIP 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Auburn University Equestrian team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Equestrian Association (NCEA) Na-tional Championship. The Auburn team defeated number one Georgia 10 to five in the Extraco Events Cen-ter in Texas. This is the fifth national title for the Auburn program—with all five under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.041 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE774 June 5, 2018 
Coach Greg Williams and the second title in the last three years. 13 of the 14 riders that competed at the 2018 NCEA Championship will return for the 2018–19 season. Associate Head Coach Jessica Braswell was also named National Coach of the Year. This marks the 21st national title for Auburn ath-letics. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Auburn Equestrian team for this exciting accomplishment and congratulate them on a job well done. War Eagle. 
f 
THE CITY OF ALBION’S BICENTENNIAL 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the upcoming bicentennial cele-bration for Albion, Illinois. George Flower of Hertfordshire, England, founded Albion (which is the poetic name for England) in April 1818, just two miles east of where Morris Birkbeck, another affluent Englishman, founded Wanborough. The two villages and the area around them became known as the ‘‘English Settlement.’’ While Wanborough eventually faded away with the accidental drowning death of Birkbeck in 1825, Albion survived to play an important role in Illinois’ history. Albion was the birth place of Illinois Governor Louis Lincoln Emmerson. He was born in the house which is now the Edwards County Historical Society Museum at 212 West Main Street. George Flower’s brother-in-law, William Pickering, was elected to the Illinois State House of Rep-resentatives in 1842 and served for ten years. He developed a close relationship with Abra-ham Lincoln. When Lincoln was elected Presi-dent, he gave Pickering his choice of either being Minister to England or Governor of the Washington Territory. Pickering chose to be appointed Governor of the Washington Terri-tory. The City of Albion is planning a three day celebration beginning on Friday, October 12, 2018, to commemorate their bicentennial. They will have a giant cake, several kettles of chowder, a quilt exhibition, music, and much more. On Sunday they plan on having a com-munity-wide ecumenical worship service at the stage for all to attend. I offer my congratulations to the city of Albion on their bicentennial anniversary, and I wish them many more. 
f 
HONORING LORNA AND MARK BAKER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to recognize two constituents who have dedicated more than 40 years to the He-brew Institute of Riverdale Bayit Community, Mark and Lorna Baker. Mark was one of the first members to join the ‘‘boiler room’’ group in 1974 to help create what the Bayit community has become. Mark served on the Board of Trustees and as the organization’s Executive Vice President during the 1970s and 1980s. Over the past eight election cycles, Mark has chaired the Nomi-nating Committee and worked to ensure fair elections. As a criminal defense attorney, Mark hosted the ‘‘Guilty Until Proven Innocent—Freeing the Wrongfully Convicted’’ program last January, which brought former prisoners to discuss their experiences with the Bayit community. As the Bayit community has been a part of Mark’s life, his wife Lorna soon joined the community after their wedding. Lorna has par-ticipated and dedicated her time to the com-munity for almost 20 years and is beloved by many. Lorna is a practicing clinical social worker who specializes in couples and in addi-tion counseling those who need help free of charge. The time Mark and Lorna have dedicated to the Bayit community has been impressive, as have their contributions. It is my pleasure, Mr. Speaker, to honor and thank the Bakers for the impact they have had in the Riverdale community. f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF COMMANDER DEREK P. HOTCHKISS 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service and character of a great American on the occasion of his retire-ment from active duty military service with the United States Navy. Commander Derek P. Hotchkiss, or simply Derek as he is known to all, has devoted his young adult life to the service of his family and country. He has set a towering example to all of us fortunate to know him. As Derek completes his tour of duty on the Joint Staff and hangs up his military uniform, we all know that his influence has reached far beyond the strict confines of his rank and previous job titles. Derek’s military career began at the Naval Academy Preparatory School in Newport, Rhode Island in 1994. Derek then attended the United States Naval Academy where he was a member of the football team. He grad-uated with the great Class of 1999 and com-missioned as an Ensign into the United States Navy. Derek served honorably in uniform for two decades with tours of duty across the United States and deployments around the world. He served as the Supply Officer for the Navy’s Flight Demonstration Squadron—the Blue Angels. He served as the Supply Officer aboard the frigate USS Samuel B. Roberts (FFG 58) in Mayport, Florida; and Assistant Supply Officer on the aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis (CVN–74) in Bremerton, Wash-ington. He represented the U.S. Navy as a Fellow with the Starbucks Coffee Company as part of the Supply Corp’s Training With Indus-try Program. He led sailors and mentored young officers and NCOs. Along the way, he earned qualifications as a Supply Corps Avia-tion and Surface Warfare Officer and member-ship to the Acquisition Professional Commu-nity. Also, Derek earned a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from Duke Univer-sity’s Fuqua School of Business in Durham, North Carolina. He also graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Execu-tive Program, Seminar XXI. Most recently, Derek was hand selected to serve as the Ex-ecutive Officer to the Director for Logistics (J– 4), Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Derek has been a tireless advocate of the broader military objectives. His service has played a vital role in countless missions, all of which were crucial in advancing our national security interests. Throughout his career, Derek has been a role model for the men and women who have been lucky enough to serve with him. He has represented his faith, family, and his hometown of Bath, Ohio with great es-teem. In honor of his service, I would like to ex-press my gratitude for Derek P. Hotchkiss’ dedication to this country and our community. I wish him all the best. I am sure that he is looking forward to continuing his passion for the outdoors, and spending time with his lov-ing family. Lastly, I recognize that alongside every strong Sailor stands an even stronger family. I would like to extend my heartfelt ap-preciation to his wife, Jennifer; daughters, Clare and Grace; and son, Will, for supporting this American hero during his time of service to our Nation. f 
TRIBUTE TO ERMA CLEVELAND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Erma Cleveland of Oakland, Iowa on the occasion of her 100th birthday. Erma celebrated her birth-day on May 12, 2018. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Erma’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Erma has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty- five Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Erma in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Erma on reaching this incredible mile-stone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING AZERBAIJAN ON ITS CENTENNIAL REPUBLIC DAY 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the Congressional Azerbaijan Caucus, I rise today to congratulate the Republic of Azer-baijan on its 100th year of independence as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.045 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE775 June 5, 2018 
the country celebrated the centennial Republic Day on May 28 of this year. Since first declaring independence from the Russian Empire in 1918, Azerbaijan sought to be an example for new nations by adopting a National Charter granting all citizens within its borders full civil and political rights, regardless of ethnic origin, religion, or gender. The United States was quick to recognize and support Azerbaijan in 1918 and again in 1991, as So-viet dominance over the country ended. Since then, Azerbaijan has continued to be an ally and partner to the United States, nota-bly being among the first to provide com-prehensive and unconditional assistance fol-lowing the September 11 terrorist attacks. Azerbaijan continued to support the Global War on Terror efforts in Afghanistan, providing airspace to NATO jets en route to Afghani-stan, and ground transport for non-lethal sup-plies in the region. Notably, Azerbaijan is one of the few Muslim-majority countries that en-joys strong relations with Israel, and it is this commitment, not just to the United States, but also her allies, that shows Azerbaijan’s contin-ued dedication to remaining a trusted and close friend to democratic nations across the globe. Azerbaijan continues to be a leader in pro-moting global energy security. Once com-pleted, the Southern Gas Corridor project will provide European markets access to natural gas in the Caspian Sea, allowing our Euro-pean allies to diversify their energy sources, while bypassing Iran. This access is crucial to maintaining energy security in the region and promoting global trade opportunities for the United States and its allies. Mr. Speaker, I would again like to thank the people of Azerbaijan for their continued part-nership and friendship, and ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Azerbaijan on this historic centennial Republic Day. 
f 
LAMAR SCHOOL DISTRICT EM-PLOYEES RECOGNIZED FOR 40 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Beverly Richard, Helen Daniels and Lydia Torres for their 40 years of service and dedication to the Lamar Consolidated Inde-pendent School District (CISD). Beverly, Helen and Lydia have each worked for the school district for forty years. They were recently recognized by Lamar CISD for their dedication to our children and our schools. Their tenure and commitment to edu-cational excellence is a true asset in our re-gion. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again Beverly Richard, Helen Daniels and Lydia Torres on 40 years with Lamar CISD. I thank them for their commitment to education and to our kids. HONORING BARRY BENDER HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, communities find their strength in the dedicated individuals who offer their time and talent to benefit the greater good. For the past 18 years, Barry Bender has been one of those people regularly making selfless contributions to the Hebrew Institute of Riverdale, or Bayit community. Barry’s service to the Bayit began as a nat-ural extension of his Jewish professional life, conducting Jewish educational experiences throughout the U.S. and Canada using tech-nology and multimedia. He has brought his creativity and technical skills to many Bayit events and activities in-cluding the annual dinner, and to the video production and broadcast of the annual Selichot concert. As an award winning amateur photographer, Barry is often seen around the Bayit with his camera documenting Shul life. He has given classes on a variety of topics including ‘‘Jew-ish Meditation,’’ and ‘‘The Seven Days of Cre-ation Through the Eyes of Science.’’ He is also a proud member of the Bayit’s Commu-nity Security Service (CSS) Team. Barry’s real claim to fame at the Bayit though is being a second generation shul lol-lipop man, continuing in his father zt’’l’s foot-steps. His dedication to our community is a di-rect result of the values his parents taught him by example. On June 3, 2018, at their 44th Annual Jour-nal Dinner, the Bayit is honoring Barry Bender with their Community Service Award. I want to echo their recognition by extending my grati-tude to Barry for all he has done to enrich the lives of those around him. This honor is ex-tremely well-deserved. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS VACANCY REDUCTION ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Courts Vacancy Reduction Act. This bill would allow local Dis-trict of Columbia court nominees to be seated after a 30-day congressional review period un-less a resolution of disapproval is enacted dur-ing that period. Currently, nominees cannot be seated without affirmative Senate approval. The congressional review process for nomi-nees would be the same one used for legisla-tion passed by the D.C. Council. It is therefore a reliable process, long-recognized by Con-gress. My bill is prompted by the unique re-quirement that judges for the local D.C. courts be confirmed by the Senate, where nominees for the federal courts, understandably, get the primary focus and priority. There is currently an urgency facing the District’s criminal and civil justice systems, and the D.C. courts have raised serious concerns due to longstanding vacancies. Whether under Democratic or Republican control of the Senate, the local D.C. courts regularly face vacancy crises, which harm the operations of the judicial system in the District. Congress created the D.C. Judicial Nomina-tion Commission (JNC) to recommend can-didates, and Congress should generally defer to its judgment. This bill is a compromise, use-ful to all concerned, that retains a congres-sional role while saving the Senate time by re-moving the need for committee and floor ac-tion and increasing the odds that D.C. will have a full complement of local judges. Currently, there are 10 vacancies out of 62 authorized judges on the D.C. Superior Court and two vacancies out of nine authorized judges on the D.C. Court of Appeals. In the current Congress, only one judge has been confirmed. Both pre- and post-home rule, the District has never had control over the nomination and approval process of local D.C. judges. My bill would not alter the role of the JNC or the President in the nomination process. Under the Home Rule Act, the JNC recommends to the President a list of three persons for each vacancy on the Superior Court and Court of Appeals. The President must nominate a can-didate recommended by the JNC within 60 days to the Senate for advice and consent. If the President fails to nominate such a person within 60 days, the JNC must nominate a rec-ommended person directly to the Senate for advice and consent. The Senate has no obli-gation to provide its advice and consent. Under this bill, once a name has been trans-mitted to Congress, the nomination would be deemed approved unless a resolution of dis-approval is enacted into law during a 30-legis-lative-day review period. I urge my colleagues to support this impor-tant legislation. f 
TRIBUTE TO MARIA A. THOMSON 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and achievements of Maria A. Thomson who was a tireless lifelong leader and advocate for the community of Woodhaven, Queens which she dearly loved. On January l0th of 2018, Mrs. Thomson passed away, leaving behind a lifelong legacy of community service and civic engagement. She earned the respect of city and state lead-ers, in fact she was known as the unofficial ‘‘Mayor of Woodhaven’’. With over 40 years of community activism, Mrs. Thomson’s acco-lades and accomplishments are numerous. I hope to highlight some of her life’s work today. Mrs. Thomson was a dedicated public serv-ant who cherished public safety and quality of life. Early in her career she was elected Presi-dent of the 102nd Precinct Community Coun-cil, bridging the gap between law enforcement and the community. She later founded the vol-unteer local Civilian Patrol. As a result of her leadership, she earned the unique distinction of being the first and only civilian to be recog-nized as the 102nd Precinct’s Honorary Police Officer of the Month. Furthermore, she annu-ally honored the fallen heroes of 911 and our nations veterans. To better ensure the delivery of government services to Woodhaven, she joined Queens 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.050 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE776 June 5, 2018 
Community Board 9 where she served for three decades. In addition, Mrs. Thomson served as the Executive Director of the Great-er Woodhaven Development Corporation for more than two decades and led the Woodhaven Business Improvement District (BID). She understood that small and inde-pendent businesses are vital to boosting the local economy, creating walk to work jobs and shaping a neighborhood’s identity. Mrs. Thom-son enjoyed promoting and showcasing Woodhaven’s Jamaica Avenue business cor-ridor by hosting the yearly ‘‘Wonderful Woodhaven Street Festival’’ and other events. Whether she advocated for small busi-nesses or led the fight to landmark the cher-ished Forest Park Carousel, her passion ema-nated from her strong sense of civic pride and duty. Her advocacy, passion and dedication to the betterment of Woodhaven was immeas-urable. Mrs. Thomson truly set the bar for what it means to be a community activist and leader. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Maria A. Thomson’s distinguished life of public service and accomplishments. Our neighbor-hoods are enriched because of her vision and leadership. We mourn her passing and cherish her legacy. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF CLEMENT CLAY ‘‘BO’’ TORBERT, JR. 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Clement Clay ‘‘Bo’’ Torbert, Jr. Bo was raised in Lee County. After grad-uating high school, he attended the U.S. Naval Academy and later graduated from Auburn University in 1951. At Auburn, he was a mem-ber of the school’s swim team. In 1954, Bo graduated from law school at the University of Alabama. In 1958, he was elected as a State Representative and in 1966, was elected to the Alabama State Sen-ate. In 1976, Bo was elected as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court where he served two six-year terms. After serving in the Supreme Court, Torbert went on to teach at both the University of Ala-bama School of Law and Cumberland School of Law. He also joined the Maynard, Cooper and Gale law firm and practiced there until he retired. Bo was an active member of First United Methodist Church in Opelika. He passed away on June 2, 2018 in Opelika, Alabama. Mr. Speaker, please join me in remembering the life and public service of Bo Torbert. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING REVEREND JOE C. JOHNSON 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize a man who lived by faith and embodied a life of stewardship: Reverend Joe C. Johnson. The Johnson family, the family of Ebenezer Missionary Baptist Church, and the broader South Florida community mourn the loss of a moral and spiritual giant. Reverend Joe C. Johnson was one of our boldest, strongest, and most unapologetic servant-leaders. As the senior pastor of Ebe-nezer Missionary Baptist Church for the past 41 years, Reverend Johnson has been the cornerstone of a rich and vibrant faith commu-nity. All those who knew him had the opportunity to soak in his wisdom. I am both humbled and proud to have not only known him, but to have been able to fellowship with him and his con-gregation. He was a role model, a keen lis-tener, an advisor, and a dear friend. I will always remember him as a man of great empathy and foresight; A man who believed that people have an in-trinsic value beyond their tangible contribu-tions and cared deeply for his congregants; and A man who worked tirelessly to better the lives of all those in our community. My thoughts are with his wife Emma Inez, his children, grandchildren, and their entire ex-tended family at Ebenezer Missionary Baptist Church. In the days, weeks, and months ahead, we will celebrate his life and honor his legacy. While this loss will be felt deeply by everyone, we are forever privileged to have shared this time with him on Earth. May he rest in eternal peace. f 
REAFFIRMING THE COMMITMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO TAI-WAN ON THE OCCASION OF THE OPENING OF THE NEW OFFICE OF THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE IN TAIWAN 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional Tai-wan Caucus to reaffirm the commitment of the United States to Taiwan on the occasion of the opening of the new office of the American Institute in Taiwan. The Taiwan Relations Act was signed into law on April 10, 1979, codifying the foundation to preserve and promote continued economic, cultural, and strategic bonds between the United States and Taiwan. The United States and Taiwan have forged closer economic and security relations over the years based on our shared commitment to democracy, the rule of law, and free market principles; and Taiwan’s willingness to partner in efforts to combat global terrorism and to address other global challenges. The United States is now Taiwan’s largest investor and its second largest trading partner. Taiwan consistently ranks as a lead-ing trading partner of the United States and Taiwan is a strategic destination for our agri-cultural exports. Taiwan is a significant eco-nomic and security partner of the United States in East Asia, and we look forward to Taiwan playing a key role in our Free and Open Indo-Pacific Strategy. The Taiwan Relations Act further authorized the establishment of the American Institute in Taiwan to be responsible for implementing United States policy toward Taiwan as well as providing consular services to American expa-triates. On June 12, 2018, the American Insti-tute in Taiwan is scheduled to hold an inau-gural ceremony for the opening of its new of-fice in Taipei’s Neihu district. This new facility is a reflection of the United States’ enduring commitment to Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, as the American Institute in Taiwan opens a new office in Taiwan, let us reaffirm that the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances are and will remain corner-stones of United States relations with Taiwan. I urge the executive branch to implement the policy set forth in the Taiwan Travel Act, which would allow United States officials to travel without restrictions to meet with their counter-parts in Taiwan, and for Taiwanese officials to do likewise with respect to travel to the United States. I would like to point out the sense of Congress contained in the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2018 that the State and Defense Departments’ review of arms sales to Taiwan be handled in a manner con-sistent with standard processes and proce-dures for sales to other countries, and express gratitude to Taiwan for its partnership in com-bating global terrorism and addressing other global challenges through the Global Coopera-tion and Training Framework and other initia-tives. Finally, I would like to congratulate the American Institute in Taiwan on the upcoming opening of its new office in Taipei’s Neihu dis-trict, and give our thanks to the Taiwanese of-ficials who helped facilitate the site selection and construction of the facilities. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in expressing support for a continued strong relationship between the United States and Taiwan. f 
CONGRATULATING THE ALVIN ISD TRACK AND FIELD TEAMS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Alvin ISD high school track teams for their performance at the 2018 Texas State Track and Field Meet held at the Univer-sity of Texas at Austin. Kynnedy Flannel, of Alvin High School, broke a 37 year record, while winning first place in the girls 6A 200 meter dash. She also won gold in the 100 meter dash and will at-tend the University of Texas next fall. Hailey Pollard, a senior at Shadow Creek, earned a silver medal in the girls 5A discus. She will at-tend the University of Houston next year. Ce’cori Tolds, of Manvel High School, was awarded a silver medal in the 5A boys high jump, leaping a whole 23 feet and 7.75 inches. Sydnee Williams, a freshman at Manvel, placed second in the 100 meter hur-dles for girls. The Manvel women also placed sixth in the 4x400 meter relay, featuring a team of Rayah Wynn, Taylor Harvey, Thurneisha Keys, and Ja’Daisa Sims. These student-athletes made Alvin ISD proud track and field fans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.054 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE777 June 5, 2018 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kynnedy Flannel, Hailey Pollard, Ce’Cori Tolds, Sydnee Williams, Rayah Wynn, Taylor Harvey, Thurneisha Keys, Ja’Daisa Sims, Ajai Sample, Daija Reese, Demetria Phipps, and Celisa Cook for their performances at the 2018 Texas State Track and Field Meet. We look forward to seeing what their future holds. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF SAM STEWART AND HIS SUPPORT OF THE DOWNTOWN MARKET 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember and celebrate the life of Sam Stewart, Jr. and his support of The Downtown Market and City of Anniston. Sam lived a life of public service in Annis-ton, Alabama and Calhoun County. Sam even served as an Anniston City Councilman and a candidate for Probate Judge. Sam was very active in the community and schools and was invested in making Anniston the best city it could be. Sam served as a charter member of The Downtown Market’s original advisory board and helped shape the market to be the suc-cess it is today. Rain or shine, you could al-ways find Sam under the big top tent visiting with each vendor on market days. Sam lived with MS, but did not let it slow him down. He was an avid Auburn fan and was always ready to talk football. Sam loved his family and his friends. Sam passed away on October 12, 2016. His absence is still greatly missed in Anniston, but his vision for Anniston lives on in The Down-town Market—which he was passionate about. On June 2nd, his life will be celebrated at The Downtown Market. Mr. Speaker, please join me in remembering Sam Stewart and recognizing his hard work to make The Downtown Market a reality. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LLOYD DOGGETT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 5, 2018 Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I was present on the floor and used the voting machine to record my vote in favor of H.R. 5515, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act of 2019. But for some unknown reason, my vote was not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 230. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JN8.058 E05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D617 Tuesday, June 5, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2973–S2999 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and three reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2987–2998, and S. Res. 532–534.
                                              Page S2991 
Measures Reported: S. 2987, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year. (S. Rept. No. 115–262) S. 754, to support meeting our Nation’s growing cybersecurity workforce needs by expanding the cy-bersecurity education pipeline, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–263) S. 1520, to expand recreational fishing opportuni-ties through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–264) Report to accompany S. 2283, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administra-tion. (S. Rept. No. 115–265)
                              Page S2991 
Measures Passed: Authorizing the Use of the Capitol Grounds: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 113, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Wash-ington Soap Box Derby.
                                         Page S2997 
Hemp History Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 532, designating the week of June 4 through June 10, 2018, as ‘‘Hemp History Week’’.
             Page S2997 
USS Manchester: Senate agreed to S. Res. 533, commemorating the commissioning of the USS Man- chester.
                                                                       Pages S2997–98 
National Travel and Tourism Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 534, supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Travel and Tourism Week’’ and honoring the valuable contributions of travel and tourism to the United States.                              Page S2998 
Small Business 7(a) Lending Oversight Reform Act: Senate passed H.R. 4743, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administra-tion.
                                                                                  Page S2998 
Small Business Investment Opportunity Act: Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2333, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies, and the bill was then passed.
                              Page S2998 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the re-vision of the deferral of certain budget authority; pursuant to the order of January 30, 1975 as modi-fied by the order of April 11, 1986, referred jointly to the Committees on Appropriations; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Re-sources; Environment and Public Works; Finance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; and the Judiciary. (PM–42)
    Pages S2990–91 
Axon Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Annemarie Car-ney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama.
                   Pages S2982–88 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 84 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. 116), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S2981–82 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination at 11 a.m., on Wednesday, June 6, 2018.
    Page S2988 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Sep 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\D05JN8.REC D05JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD618 June 5, 2018 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednes-day, June 6, 2018.
                                                    Page S2998 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By a unanimous vote of 95 yeas (Vote No. EX. 113), Robert Earl Wier, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Ken-tucky.
                                                         Pages S2974–78, S2999 
By a unanimous vote of 96 yeas (Vote No. EX. 115), Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas.
                            Pages S2978–81, S2978, S2999 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 94 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 114), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2978 
Nomination Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nomination: 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S2999 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2991 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2991 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2991 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2992–93 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2993–94 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2989–90 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2994–97 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2997 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2997 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—116)
                                             Page S2978, S2981–82 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:28 p.m., until 10:00 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 6, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2998.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DOT AND HUD Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies approved for full committee con-sideration an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Transportation, Department of Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Education, after receiving testimony from Betsy DeVos, Secretary of Education. APPROPRIATIONS: MILCON/VA Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019. APPROPRIATIONS: CFTC AND SEC Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission, after receiving testimony from J. Christopher Giancarlo, Chairman, Com-modity Futures Trading Commission; and Jay Clay-ton, Chairman, Securities and Exchange Commission. DIGITAL COAST PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine a dec-ade of the Digital Coast Partnership Program, focus-ing on successes and opportunities, after receiving testimony from Nicole LeBoeuf, Deputy Assistant Administrator, National Ocean Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Depart-ment of Commerce; David Millar, Fugro, Houston, Texas; Paul Barnes, Harrison County, Missouri, on behalf of the National Association of Counties; and Tyson Fettes, Racine County, Wisconsin. PREVENTING ABUSE IN OLYMPIC AND AMATEUR ATHLETICS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded a hearing to examine preventing abuse in Olympic and amateur athletics, focusing on ensuring a safe and secure en-vironment for our athletes, after receiving testimony from Lou Anna Simon, Michigan State University, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN8.REC D05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D619 June 5, 2018 
East Lansing; and Rhonda Faehn, Indianapolis, Indi-ana. 2018 WILDLAND FIRE OUTLOOK Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 2018 wildland fire outlook and the wildland fire management pro-grams at the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service, after receiving testimony from Vic-toria Christiansen, Interim Chief, Forest Service, De-partment of Agriculture; and Jeffery Rupert, Direc-tor, Office of Wildland Fire, Department of the In-terior. NORTH KOREA Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine next steps on United States policy toward North Korea, after re-ceiving testimony from Victor Cha, Center for Stra-tegic and International Studies, and Joseph Y. Yun, United States Institute of Peace, both of Wash-ington, D.C. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Georgette Mosbacher, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Poland, who was introduced by Senator Blunt, and Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, with the rank of Ambassador, who was introduced by Senator Young, both of the Department of State, and Mark Rosen, of Connecticut, to be United States Executive Direc-tor of the International Monetary Fund, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5996–6011; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 135; and H. Res. 919–21, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Page H4775–76 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Page H4777–78 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2019 (H. Rept. 115–710); and H. Res. 918, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3249) to au-thorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Pro-gram, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for improve-ments to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–711).
                                                Page H4775 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bucshon to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4741 Recess: The House recessed at 12:21 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H4744 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:33 p.m.
                                                   Page H4745 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act of 2018: H.R. 5956, to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands;
                            Pages H4745–48 
North Country National Scenic Trail Route Ad-justment Act: H.R. 1026, amended, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Sce-nic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appa-lachian National Scenic Trail;
                     Pages H4748–50 
Susquehanna National Heritage Area Act: H.R. 2991, amended, to establish the Susquehanna Na-tional Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 373 yeas to 9 nays, Roll No. 232;
                                                   Pages H4750–52, H4760 
Directing the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suit-ability and feasibility of establishing the birth-place of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN8.REC D05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD620 June 5, 2018 
Florida, as a unit of the National Park System: H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birth-place of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Flor-ida, as a unit of the National Park System, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 374 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 231;
                                                       Pages H4752–53, H4759–60  
Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument Act: H.R. 5655, to establish the Camp Nelson Her-itage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 376 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 233; 
                                                                Pages H4753–54, H4760–61 
Route 66 National Historic Trail Designation Act: H.R. 801, amended, to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 Na-tional Historic Trail; and
                              Pages H4754–58 
Free Veterans from Fees Act: H.R. 3997, amend-ed, to waive the application fee for any special use permit for veterans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land.
           Pages H4758–59 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:40 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H4759 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he withdrew four previously pro-posed rescissions and reported revisions to six rescis-sions previously transmitted to the Congress—re-ferred to the Committee on Appropriations and or-dered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–130).
       Page H4761 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4759–60, H4760, and H4760–61. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:10 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
SENATE AMENDMENT TO PROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018; WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2018; ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on Senate amendment to H.R. 3249, the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 8, the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5895, the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2019’’ [Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs Appropriations Act, 2019] [General Debate]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–2, a rule providing for the consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 3249. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on the Judiciary or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3249. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion. The rule provides that the Senate amend-ment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. In section 2, the rule provides for the con-sideration of H.R. 8 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–72 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 3, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 5895 under a structured rule. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–71, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 rule XXI, except beginning on page 66, line 14, through page 66, line 20. The rule makes in order only those further amendments print-ed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN8.REC D05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D621 June 5, 2018 
Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides that no further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. In section 4, the rule provides that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ap-propriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. Finally, in section 5, the rule provides that during consideration of H.R. 5895, it shall not be in order to use a decrease in Overseas Contingency Operations funds to offset an amendment that increases an appropriation not des-ignated as Overseas Contingency Operations funds or vice versa, but does not apply to amendments be-tween the Houses. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Goodlatte, Chairman Shuster, Chairman Frelinghuysen, and Representatives Jackson Lee, Paulsen, Estes of Kansas, DeFazio, Simpson, Carter of Texas, Kaptur, Ryan of Ohio, and Wasserman Schultz. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold closed hearings to examine de-fense innovation and research funding, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine the future of the International Space Station, focusing on stakeholder perspectives, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine countering malicious drones, including S. 2836, to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehicles, 10 a.m., SD–342. Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine war powers and the effects of unauthorized military engage-ments on Federal spending, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider the nomination of Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, and Lance E. Walker, of Maine, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration, to hold hearings to examine student visa integrity, focusing on protecting educational opportunity and national secu-rity, 2:45 p.m., SD–226. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 Interior, Environment and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, 11 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Policies and Pri-orities of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Reauthorization of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Review of H.R. 1511, the ‘Homeless Children and Youth Act of 2017’ ’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Transparency and Accountability at the Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-up on H.R. 4627, the ‘‘Shielding Public Spaces from Ve-hicular Terrorism Act’’; H.R. 4991, the ‘‘Supporting Re-search and Development for First Responders Act’’; H.R. 5206, the ‘‘Office of Biometric Identity Management Au-thorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5207, the ‘‘Immigration Advisory Program Authorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5729, the ‘‘Transportation Worker Identification Creden-tial Accountability Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5730, the ‘‘Trans-portation Security Technology Innovation Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5733, the ‘‘DHS Industrial Control Systems Capabilities Enhancement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5762, the ‘‘Joint Task Force to Combat Opioid Trafficking Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5766, the ‘‘Securing Public Areas of Trans-portation Facilities Act of 2018’’; and H. Res. 898, di-recting the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relat-ing to Department of Homeland Security policies and ac-tivities relating to homeland security information pro-duced and disseminated regarding cybersecurity threats 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Sep 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\D05JN8.REC D05JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD622 June 5, 2018 posed by the ZTE Corporation, headquartered in Shenzhen, China, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3777, the ‘‘Juab County Conveyance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4528, to make technical amendments to cer-tain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 4824, the ‘‘Rural Broadband Permitting Effi-ciency Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5597, the ‘‘Desert Tortoise Habitat Conservation Plan Expansion Act, Washington County, Utah’’; H.R. 5751, the ‘‘Golden Spike 150th Anniversary Act’’; and H.R. 5875, to amend the Pitt-man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act and the Dingell- Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the Dis-trict of Columbia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other purposes, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on legislation to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to recover the cost of processing administrative pro-tests for oil and gas lease sales, applications for permits to drill, and right of way applications, and for other pur-poses; legislation to clarify the categorical exclusions au-thorized by the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and authorize additional categorical exclusions to streamline the oil and gas permitting process, and for other purposes; legislation to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to authorize notifica-tions of permit to drill, and for other purposes; and legis-lation to clarify that Bureau of Land Management shall not require permits for oil and gas activities conducted on non-Federal surface estate to access subsurface mineral estate that is less than 50 percent Federally owned, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on National Security hearing entitled ‘‘Pro-tecting America from a Bad Deal: Ending U.S. Participa-tion in the Nuclear Agreement with Iran’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5895, the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019] [Amendment Consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Millennials and the Gig Economy’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled on ‘‘Lowering Costs and Expanding Ac-cess to Health Care through Consumer-Directed Health Plans’’, 11 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JN8.REC D05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D623 June 5, 2018 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 62 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 225 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through May 31, 2018 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 82 79 . . Time in session ................................... 457 hrs., 26 ′ 323 hrs., 14′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 2,951 4,736 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 752 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 20 56 76 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . 1 1 Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 204 266 470 Senate bills .................................. 35 21 . . House bills .................................. 50 176 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 4 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 2 1 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 11 14 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 102 53 . . Measures reported, total ...................... * 122 * 222 344 Senate bills .................................. 75 5 . . House bills .................................. 37 187 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 1 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 9 29 . . Special reports ..................................... 3 3 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 262 83 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 891 1,534 2,425 Bills ............................................. 710 1,257 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 10 10 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 6 24 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 165 243 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 1 2 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 111 151 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 77 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through May 31, 2018 
Civilian nominations, totaling 456 (including 146 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 171 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 274 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 11 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 834 (including 2 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 697 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 137 Air Force nominations, totaling 1,590 (including 76 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,413 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 177 Army nominations, totaling 3,453 (including 12 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,851 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 602 Navy nominations, totaling 895 (including 11 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 192 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 703 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,333, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,326 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 7 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 247 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 8,314 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 6,650 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,900 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 11 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D05JN8.REC D05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD624 June 5, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, June 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 11 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, June 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of the Senate Amendment to H.R. 3249—Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 8—Water Resources Development Act, 2018 (Subject to a Rule). Begin consideration of H.R. 5895—Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E769 Bass, Karen, Calif., E767 Bergman, Jack, Mich., E764 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E759, E767 Bost, Mike, Ill., E769 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E771 Buck, Ken, Colo., E772 Carter, John R., Tex., E762 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E760, E768 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E762 Curtis, John R., Utah, E767 Doggett, Lloyd, Tex., E777 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E760, E769, E770, E771, E772, E773, E774, E775 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E770 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E766 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E776 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E763 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E773 LaMalfa, Doug, Calif., E764, E766 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E762 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E775 Olson, Pete, Tex., E762, E766, E768, E770, E772, E775, E776 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E759, E760, E761, E761 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E760 Poe, Ted, Tex., E763, E764, E765 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E761 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E768 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E771 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E770, E773, E776, E777 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E766, E767 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E772, E774 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E759 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E765 Shimkus, John, Ill., E774 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E774 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E761, E763 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E775 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E760 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E776 Young, David, Iowa, E762, E766, E767, E768, E769, E772, E773, E774 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E759 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05JN8.REC D05JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST