Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5671 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 2018 No. 136 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, August 17, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , AUGUST 16, 2018 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Holy God, lover of our souls, come into our hearts this day, bringing sweetness, contentment, and peace. Lord, support our Senators, enabling them to proceed in their work with total trust in You. May they remember with thankfulness the showers of bless-ings You send them each day. Release them from sorrow, filling them with true faith and sacred consolation. As they strive to trust You with all their hearts, direct their steps, leading them to Your desired destination. Today, may they live to please You. We pray in Your precious Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. f 
APPROPRIATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senate is back in session this August for a simple reason: We have more to do for the families across America who count on us to work hard and to fight for them. That is why the next legisla-tion the Senate will consider is a pair of critically important appropriations bills that will fund our national de-fense, along with the Department of Labor and the Department of Health and Human Services. Talk about subjects that are vital to the American people, at stake is a 2.6- percent pay raise for U.S. servicemem-bers, the largest pay raise for troops in almost a decade; the equipment, tools, and training they need to complete their mission; and funding to support the necessary programs we just author-ized when the John S. McCain National Defense Act became law earlier this week. At stake are billions of dollars to fight back against the opioid crisis, hundreds of millions to support and re-train American workers who need a boost back into the labor force, hun-dreds of millions more for employment training specifically for our veterans, funding for the Centers for Disease Control and the National Institutes of Health, and Federal funding for our Na-tion’s schools. I have only scratched the surface. There will be plenty of time in the days ahead to discuss and detail all of the ways this legislation will help our country, as well as to con-sider amendments. Yesterday was a promising start. We agreed to proceed to these two impor-tant funding bills by consent after we wrap up the nominations that are be-fore us today. Now we need to keep up the collaboration. There is a reason why it has been quite some time since we have com-pleted a full, regular process. There is a reason why, for example, it has been 15 years—15 years—since the Senate passed the Labor, Health, and Edu-cation bill in time for the start of the fiscal year. This process is not easy. It is hard work for our Appropriations sub-committees and the full committee to craft this legislation. Then, on the floor, we need cooperation from both sides to process amendments, while re-sisting the temptation to turn the ap-propriations process into a free-for-all on all manner of policy issues. But this year, that is exactly what we are doing. The Senate has already passed 7 of 12 bills. In the next several days, we will consider Nos. 8 and 9. Once we finish them, they will encompass more than 87 percent—more than 87 percent—of total discretionary spending—two more big strides toward avoiding another omnibus and appropriating the tax-payers’ money in the right way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.000 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5672 August 16, 2018 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, first, the Senate is currently consid-ering two well-qualified nominees, both for the Fourth Circuit Court of Ap-peals. Yesterday afternoon, we voted to advance the nomination of Marvin Quattlebaum, a graduate of Rhodes College and the University of South Carolina. He presently serves as a dis-trict judge for the District of South Carolina. At noon the Senate will vote to confirm his nomination. When he was nominated to the Fed-eral bench last year, Judge Quattlebaum received strong, bipar-tisan support from the Senate. The American Bar Association deemed him unanimously ‘‘well-qualified,’’ their highest possible rating. Once we complete consideration of Judge Quattlebaum, we will turn to Jay Richardson. Mr. Richardson is a graduate of Vanderbilt University and the University of Chicago Law School. He has held clerkships with Seventh Circuit Judge Richard Posner and with the late Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist. Since 2009, he has served as assistant U.S. Attorney for the District of South Carolina. Current and former peers in the U.S. Attorney’s Office say he has a ‘‘well-earned reputation for excellent preparation, good judgment, fairness, and hard work.’’ In that role, Mr. Richardson led the successful prosecution of the gunman who murdered nine innocent people at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC, back in 2015. Our colleagues on the Judiciary Committee have received a letter from Jennifer Pinckney, the wife of the late Clementa Pinckney, one of the victims of that senseless violence. Ms. Pinckney wrote to enthusiastically support Mr. Richardson’s confirmation. She said that he ‘‘will make a fine ju-rist.’’ I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm both of these impres-sive nominees. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, Members were back in our home States meeting with con-stituents last week. I had the oppor-tunity to visit a remarkable business in my hometown of Louisville. Caldwell Tanks has been making large industrial and water storage tanks in Kentucky for over 100 years. It is no secret that they do good business, but when I stopped by on Friday, they had some especially good news to share. In 2018 they invested $100,000 in upgrades to their fleet of cranes. Their 150 Kentucky employees, along with hundreds more in other States, are see-ing estimated wage increases of up to 10 percent or more. Preload, Caldwell’s sister company, which makes prestressed concrete tanks, has in-vested $500,000 in new manufacturing equipment. The company’s leadership states that all of these improvements—every one of them—are direct results of the his-toric tax reform this Republican Con-gress passed last year. Tax reform, along with all of our other pro-growth policies, has helped to transform the overall business cli-mate in our country. In the words of Bernie Fineman, Caldwell’s CEO, ‘‘the most important thing that it’s done is to provide hope’’—hope—‘‘for our fu-ture.’’ So while these developments alone are remarkable, the conditions that made them possible are not a fluke— not in a State that has recently seen its unemployment rate drop to a 42- year low, not in a country where the number of Americans filing for unem-ployment benefits is about as low as it has been in half a century. Tax reform and regulatory reform helped to make this happen. They helped to unleash free enterprise and give Caldwell’s customers the con-fidence to fill up the warehouse’s back-logs and drive up 2018 sales by 14 per-cent so far. Caldwell is just one case study in what has become a national phe-nomenon. Nationwide, consumers are experiencing renewed confidence. Re-tail sales are up 6.4 percent from July of last year. According to one industry survey, a majority of U.S. manufactur-ers say this favorable policy climate has been more likely—more likely—to raise wages for their workers. Bustling warehouses and rising wages weren’t exactly what our Democratic colleagues predicted when they railed against tax reform last year or voted in lockstep to oppose its passage, but one would hope that hindsight is helping our Democratic colleagues to see how tax reform and regulatory relief were exactly what the doctor ordered and how they have contributed to a healthy economy that is paying dividends for American workers and middle-class families. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HELLER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. H
YDE-SMITH). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING PAUL LAXALT Mr. HELLER. Madam President, I come to the floor today to pay tribute and honor to one of the great Nevadans of our lifetime—Senator Paul Laxalt. Last week, Senator Laxalt passed away at the age of 96, having forever changed the State of Nevada and this country. The State motto in Nevada is ‘‘All for our Country,’’ and Senator Laxalt ex-emplified that principle every day by giving his all through public service for every Nevadan. Paul Dominique Laxalt was born on August 2, 1922, and grew up in my hometown of Carson City, NV. His par-ents had both emigrated from the Basque region in Europe and brought their values and traditions to northern Nevada. Even today, Basque influences, like chorizo, lamb, and sweetbreads, are still staples of life in northern Ne-vada. As the son of a Basque sheepherder, Paul made his mark early in life by at-tending Carson High School, playing on the 1938 State championship basketball team, and as a student body presi-dent—which is significant, and I will share more in a few minutes. Paul would go on to serve his country in the U.S. Army as a medic during World War II, and he saw action in the Philippines. After the war, like many Americans, Paul started a family. He married Jackalyn Ross in 1946, and they had six children: Gail, Sheila, Michelle, Kevin, Kathleen, and John Paul. Paul began his career in public serv-ice when he served as a district attor-ney for what was then Ormsby County, NV. He then won his first statewide race, serving as Lieutenant Governor from 1963 to 1967. During his term, Paul made the decision to run for the U.S. Senate in 1964 and challenged then- Senator Howard Cannon. In one of the closest races in Nevada history, Paul lost his bid for the Senate by just 48 votes. A result like that could break a lesser man, but Paul picked himself up and won the Nevada governorship just a few years later. Under Governor Laxalt, Nevada began growing and turning into the State we know today. He helped estab-lish the community college system and the first medical school in Nevada. Under his guidance, Nevada’s gaming industry was transformed, and his vi-sion for our State’s future is now en-joyed by millions of tourists each year who visit Nevada for our world-class attractions, our services, and our en-tertainment. It was during that time that Paul started to become friends with another famous Governor in neighboring Cali-fornia—Ronald Reagan. Together, they worked to protect and preserve Lake Tahoe for future generations. The Tahoe Regional Planning Agency—the TRPA—is the premier bistate compact to save the lake, and in 2020 we will celebrate its 50th year. After his work as Governor, Paul de-cided the time was right to make an-other run for the U.S. Senate. This time he won, and he served the State of Nevada from 1974 to 1987. As a U.S. Sen-ator, he continued his faithful dedica-tion to his friend Ronald Reagan and served as his Presidential campaign chairman in 1976, 1980, and 1984. He also served as general chairman of the Re-publican National Committee from 1983 to 1987. Senator Laxalt was famously called ‘‘the first friend’’ of President Rea-gan’s. Together, they helped each other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.002 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5673 August 16, 2018 
set our country down a new path of prosperity and freedom. Senator Laxalt was a hero and a mentor to me and many others who grew up in Carson City. Like Paul, my mother, my children, and I also went to Carson High School. I played on the basketball team, and my daughter Emmy was the student body president, following in Senator Laxalt’s shoes. Before my daughter Emmy took of-fice, she reached out to previous Car-son High School student body presi-dents to ask for their advice. Senator Laxalt was gracious and told her the following: 
When I was elected as student body presi-dent, Franklin Roosevelt was the President of the United States. With World War II looming on the horizon, my fellow class-mates and I had no idea how dramatically our lives would be altered in the next few years. Of course, the school itself was much different. I doubt there were more than 30 students in my entire class. Until my senior year, all classes—K through 12—were in the same building! 
He then said: 
I’m not entirely comfortable offering ad-vice, particularly to someone who knows more than me! I would just tell you to have fun and enjoy every single day, remember those who elected you, and always do what you—Emmy Heller—think is right. 
I know Emmy has never forgotten that advice. Senator Laxalt set a high bar for all us kids who went to Carson High School but also showed us all the possi-bilities of what could be achieved as Nevadans. When I was sworn in as a freshman Member of the House of Representa-tives, Senator Laxalt was there for me on day one. I will never forget his sup-port and his advice: Always stay close to family, friends, and your constitu-ents. They will never lead you astray. Having been a Presidential campaign adviser to President Reagan, President Bush, and Senator Dole, Senator Lax-alt’s advice carried great weight, and I knew I needed to listen to every piece of advice he was willing to give me. Senator Laxalt also had a profound impact on many of my colleagues in the Senate. It didn’t matter whether you were a Democrat or Republican, Senator Laxalt would be your friend. In fact, on my very first day as a Sen-ator, I remember my colleague Senator L
EAHY telling me about all of his work and his fond memories of his friend Senator Laxalt. Senator Laxalt showed us all what true friendship is. His character and warmth that he shared with all of us will never be forgotten. I extend my deepest condolences to Senator Lax-alt’s wife Carol and to their entire fam-ily. I will miss my friend Senator Lax-alt. His colleagues in the Senate will miss their friend, and the people of Ne-vada will miss their friend. Madam President, I yield the floor. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. f 
APPROPRIATIONS Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, as the Senate continues to work on appro-priations, I want to thank the chair-man, Senator S
HELBY , and the ranking member, Senator L
EAHY , for their work. The process has so far been pro-ductive and bipartisan in the Senate. Both sides have worked to avoid poison pill riders. That has meant steady progress. Next up are the annual appro-priations bills for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Defense, which I hope will follow the same bipartisan course of the pre-vious few bills. We have already achieved substantial increases in funding for important pri-orities through the appropriations process, including significant new re-sources for the NIH, significant new re-sources to combat the opioid epidemic, and significant new investments in in-frastructure, childcare, college afford-ability, Social Security, and the VA. That is a big victory for the American people, who have waited too long for our country to invest in them. Middle-class people are worried about staying in the middle class. People try-ing to get to the middle class are wor-ried—the ladder is steeper and longer. These kinds of things help them: col-lege affordability, help with childcare, building infrastructure, making sure Social Security is around. All of that helps the middle class. For years, a hard-right group on the Republican side cut the smithereens out of these things, but this year, we managed to restore them. The American people will do a lot better because of it. 
f 
NDAA Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I am happy to report that the annual au-thorization of the national defense was signed into law. I want to take a mo-ment to thank a colleague who is not here today to celebrate that fact—Sen-ator J
OHNS. M CCAIN, for whom the bill has been named. Our dear friend Sen-ator M
CCAINhas been such a stalwart champion for the men and women in uniform. He would be proud that once again Congress has met its obligation to give the military the support and certainty it needs to conduct missions around the globe. Even from afar, Senator M
CCAIN’s in-fluence on this Chamber is consider-able and strong. His presence hovered over us as we all made sure—knowing he would importune us, if he were here, to make sure the Defense bill was strong and voted on quickly. So many of the bases in my State—including our Niagara Air Force base, including our Fort Drum—are so much the better be-cause of J
OHN MCCAIN’s great work. I wish him all the best and commend his staff and Senator INHOFE ’s and Senator R
EED’s staff for their work on the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, on the Supreme Court, as we return from the State work period, the Republican majority continues to steam forward on President Trump’s nomination to the Supreme Court, announcing that hearings will begin on September 4. That is just 12 business days from today. Yet the Senate remains unable to do its due diligence on the nominee because we have access to only a tiny percentage of his record. Why is this? Senate Republicans are in the midst of a blatant and historic obstruction of a Supreme Court nomi-nee’s record, denying the Senate and the American people critical informa-tion about this potential Supreme Court Justice. The entire record of Judge Kavanaugh’s 3 years as Staff Secretary in the White House—the most senior position he held before joining the bench—is being deliberately withheld from the Senate and from the public. The Republican majority has unilater-ally declared those papers irrelevant even though Judge Kavanaugh himself has testified to the importance of the position and the work he did there. Meanwhile, the small percentage of documents the Judiciary Committee will get to see are being prescreened by a political operative named Bill Burck—a longtime Republican lawyer and former deputy to Brett Kavanaugh when he worked in the White House. A deputy to Brett Kavanaugh is now de-termining what Brett Kavanaugh’s record should be there—somebody who was a lawyer for Steve Bannon—noto-rious Steve Bannon—a lawyer for Reince Priebus, a lawyer for McGahn, White House Counsel. Mr. Burck and his team have already started delivering documents to the Judiciary Committee, but they are re-fusing to provide a privilege log. Why are they giving us this document and not that one? Aren’t we entitled to know what their reasoning, at least, is? So the Judiciary Committee cannot understand how many documents are being held back and on what basis. A privilege log has always been provided in previous Supreme Court vetting processes, and without it, we have no idea whether the basis for Mr. Burck’s withholding all of these documents is legitimate. Where is our chairman of the Judici-ary Committee? He says: Oh, this is the best ever. Then why aren’t we getting such a log? What is his answer to that? I know he will come to the floor and rail and rail, but the process—the ac-tual facts—is much worse than we have seen. Here is something new—also being done by the chairman of the Judiciary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.003 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5674 August 16, 2018 
Committee. One-third of the docu-ments we are getting, which is a small percentage of the total documents, are being deemed as ‘‘committee confiden-tial’’ by the majority and have not been released, stacking an additional layer of secrecy on top of multiple lay-ers of existing secrecy. Why are I and my staff and the other 79 Senators not on the Judiciary Com-mittee being denied the ability to re-view so many of these documents that have been given to the Judiciary Com-mittee? What are the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee hiding? The moniker ‘‘committee confidential’’ sounds like another way to shield Judge Kavanaugh’s record from the eyes of the American people and the Senate, and we have no knowledge of why these documents are being with-held. Even the National Archives—non-partisan and neutral—felt compelled to release a statement about this process. They are usually very quiet. They are archivists. They go ahead and do their job. They felt that what was going on was wrong. You can tell by the state-ment they released. The Archives clari-fied that Burck’s review of Kavanaugh’s records is ‘‘a separate re-view—completely apart from the Na-tional Archives and the George W. Bush Presidential Library’s efforts. This effort by former President Bush does not represent the National Ar-chives or the George W. Bush Presi-dential Library.’’ That is what the ar-chivists said. They are separating themselves from such a secretive, non-democratic process. For a down-the- middle organization like the National Archives—very reluctant to comment on political matters—to put out a statement like this goes to show how far the Republicans and Chairman G
RASSLEY have departed from prece-dent. The obstruction here is shocking. Ev-erywhere you look, Republicans are de-ciding what constitutes the proper re-view of a nominee chosen by a Repub-lican President. Republicans have uni-laterally decided what documents are relevant to the Senate. Republican lawyers are the ones combing through those documents and deciding unilater-ally which can be released to the Sen-ate. The Republican majority and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee are then deciding unilaterally which of those documents remain under the committee’s lock and key. It is like letting only the defendant in a lawsuit decide what evidence is admissible. Let me say that again. This is exactly like letting only the defendant in a lawsuit decide what evidence to admit. It would be a rigged trial. That is what is happening here. It seems as though the Republicans are trying to rush Judge Kavanaugh through with as little scrutiny as pos-sible because they know there are some troubling beliefs in his history. Think about what we already know. Judge Kavanaugh has written opinions skep-tical of our healthcare, reproductive rights, and even the contraceptive cov-erage requirement. On this issue, he is far to the right of the American people. That is maybe why our Republican friends don’t want people to know his views. He has argued that Presidents should effectively be above the law; that they should be immune from civil and criminal investigations while in of-fice; that Presidents can decline to en-force a law they deem unconstitu-tional, even if a court has held it con-stitutional; that Presidents should be able to reach into independent Federal agencies to hire and fire the heads of those agencies at will. He rules almost reflexively against actions by Federal agencies, whether it is net neutrality, environmental protections, or dark money. That is another one. He seems to agree with the Citizens United decision and would seem to allow dark money— poisoning our politics, leaving Amer-ican people with little faith in govern-ment, that they will have an influ-ence—to have greater influence than ever. This isn’t just about allowing the Senate to review documents for the sake of it; we need to scrutinize Judge Kavanaugh’s record because his beliefs will matter a great deal in the decades ahead, if he gets approved, on issues ranging from healthcare, to women’s reproductive rights, to Executive power and accountability. Rudy Giuliani, the President’s law-yer, just declared that the President may not decide to comply with a sub-poena issued by the special counsel or whomever. A court case on this matter could reach the Supreme Court. So this isn’t a hypothetical case; it is well within the realm of possibility that the Supreme Court will have to decide whether President Trump, who has shown so little respect for rule of law, will have to comply with a duly issued subpoena. So it really matters what Brett Kavanaugh thinks about this. Before we elevate someone to the Su-preme Court who may have to rule on the issue of Presidential subpoenas, don’t the Senate and American people deserve to know what the nominee thinks? This is just one of many rea-sons the Senate and the public must be able to review the nominee’s full record. There must be a reason Republicans are so intent on hiding this nominee’s record and rushing through his con-firmation. What are they hiding? What are they hiding? What are they afraid of? I think they realize that if the American people knew exactly how Judge Kavanaugh felt before he became a judge, they might not want him to be there. Republicans demanded all of Elena Kagan’s documents, and Democrats agreed to request them. Again, we have this hairsplitting argument by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. He says: We are giving more documents before—it is the percentage of docu-ments that matter. Are you seeing the whole record or only part of the record? Some people have bigger records than others. Kagan—we Demo-crats in the majority, when our Repub-lican friends, including the Senator from Iowa, asked, gave them the whole record. That is what we should be get-ting as well. In fact, Republicans, including the distinguished majority leader, de-manded all of Judge Sotomayor’s records, including documents from her time as district attorney and even her records as a board member of the Puer-to Rican Legal Defense Fund. We agreed. But now they have totally changed the rules. And I understand. The chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee is a decent man, and when he has to do things like this, he doesn’t like it. But he ought to rise to the oc-casion. What they are doing is flat-out wrong. The American people deserve a methodical and thorough examination of a nominee who will yield immense influence over their lives for genera-tions. The Republican majority seems intent on denying the American people that basic right. I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise to discuss the confirmation process for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. For the last few weeks, Democrats have complained endlessly about documents. First, they said there weren’t enough documents. Then, when the Judiciary Committee released a recordbreaking number of documents, Democrats complained there wasn’t enough time to review them all. They then complained that the documents were not public. When we made the documents public, the Democrats were disappointed to find they contained no smoking gun. There has been much ado about documents, but in the end it is much ado about nothing. One thing I have heard many of my colleagues say is, because we reviewed all of Justice Elena Kagan’s records from her time in the executive branch, we must review every last scrap of paper that crossed Judge Kavanaugh’s desk while he was in the executive branch. That just isn’t so. When Justice Kagan was nominated, the Senate did not ask for, nor did it receive, all of her records from her time in the Obama administration. In fact, the Senate never requested, and the Obama administration never pro-vided, any of Justice Kagan’s records from her time as Solicitor General. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.004 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5675 August 16, 2018 
They certainly didn’t ask for every document from the Solicitor General’s Office that contained a mere reference to Justice Kagan ‘‘by name, initials, or title.’’ Producing sensitive internal delib-erations and other documents from the Solicitor General’s Office would have been extraordinarily inappropriate and even damaging to the executive branch, which is exactly why the Sen-ate did not ask for Justice Kagan’s records. This decision was especially difficult because Justice Kagan had no judicial records to review. By contrast, we have over 12 years of Judge Kavanaugh’s rulings on the DC Circuit. These rulings, which my Democratic colleagues are reluctant to even acknowledge, let alone talk about, are the most relevant docu-ments for evaluating what type of Jus-tice Judge Kavanaugh will be. Judge Kavanaugh’s court decisions are highly relevant to understanding his legal reasoning. The same can’t be said of his White House documents, which more accurately reflect the con-veyor belt process for Presidential de-cision making. Those who argue they need every document that even mentions Judge Kavanaugh are only now realizing the absurdity of this argument. At this point, Democrats are simply stalling for time. They made no effort to make their proposals any less unreasonable, and Senator G
RASSLEY rightly rejected them. By now, Americans are starting to see through the ruse. The real objec-tive of these ridiculous demands is to delay—delay Judge Kavanaugh’s hear-ing to delay his inevitable confirma-tion. Last week, Senator G
RASSLEY an-nounced that the hearing for Judge Kavanaugh would start on September 4. Immediately, Democrats insisted that the committee is rushing to hold Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hear-ing, but the hearings for the last three nominees—Justices Sonia Sotomayor, Elena Kagan, and Neil Gorsuch—were all held 48 or 49 days after the Presi-dent announced their nominations. By comparison, Judge Kavanaugh’s hear-ing will start 57 days after his nomina-tion was announced. Apparently, the Judiciary Committee is in such a rush that it has given Senators an extra week to review the nominee’s record. The left is pushing a false narrative that Republicans are rushing to hold Judge Kavanaugh’s hearing. Progres-sives are doing this in an attempt to muddy the waters. They are hoping people will focus on spurious process arguments rather than diving into Kavanaugh’s judicial record, which is all but unassailable. Last week, a number of my col-leagues tried to make hay out of the fact that the Judiciary Committee re-ceived some documents about Judge Kavanaugh on a confidential basis. These colleagues said it was a travesty that they were not being made public, but they knew then that these docu-ments were being reviewed so impor-tant information like Social Security numbers and other similar personal in-formation could be redacted and re-moved. In the meantime, the Senators and their staff were given access to the documents right away so they could re-view them for the upcoming hearing. In any event, the criticism that docu-ments were being kept confidential was quickly blown apart. Chairman GRASSLEY recently made public more than 103,000 pages of mate-rials from Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the executive branch, and more mate-rials are on the way. Most laughable of all, some on the left are now claiming that because there is no smoking gun in the documents, surely the produc-tion process must be nefarious. Maybe the huge number of docu-ments is just too boring for Judge Kavanaugh’s opponents to sift through or maybe they have looked through the documents already and know the American people have nothing to com-plain about. Consider the damning evidence al-ready uncovered in these documents: Judge Kavanaugh goes to church on Sunday morning. He appreciates pizza when he is working late. He thought the last play of the Redskins game was ‘‘a total disgrace.’’ If these mendacities aren’t grounds for disqualification, then what is? What more do we have to learn about Judge Kavanaugh before we can see him for what he truly is: Jo-seph Stalin without the moustache or, as one of my colleagues so calmly put it, a man who will ‘‘pave the path to tyranny.’’ If I could tell the American people one thing today, it would be this: Judge Kavanaugh may seem like the human incarnation of a vanilla ice cream cone, but he is actually some-thing far more sinister. Judging by the rhetoric from the left, I am convinced that this minivan-driving carpool dad is actually the second coming of Gen-ghis Khan. Now, I have no evidence for this assertion—not right now, anyway, but if Chairman G
RASSLEY will just give us a few more years to read over each and every one of Judge Kavanaugh’s work emails and maybe even every handwritten note he passed in grade school, I am sure they will find something because there is no way Democrats are just making this stuff up. I hope this isn’t too much to ask. Naturally, I am being facetious only to prove a point. We have more than we need to determine Judge Kavanaugh’s fitness for the Supreme Court. Based on the number of documents alone, this will be the most thorough vetting of a Supreme Court nominee in our Na-tion’s history. I have only been here for 42 years, but I can tell you this is the most thorough vetting of a Supreme Court nominee in our Nation’s history. We should call this hubbub about documents for what it really is—a naked partisan ploy, a red herring meant to distract the American people from Judge Kavanaugh’s indisputable credentials. Watching this confirma-tion unfold is like watching the tor-tured last moments of a blowout bas-ketball game. Democrats are down 30 with 10 seconds left, but they keep fouling to stop the shot clock in an at-tempt to avoid their inevitable defeat. Enough already. It is time Democrats come home from their fishing trip. We could spend eons angling for scandal in the river of documents the Judiciary Committee provided us, but nothing will bite be-cause there is nothing there. Demo-crats know this by now, and it is time they admit it to the American people. The longer they wait, the more des-perate they look. To my progressive colleagues—and I have to laugh at the word ‘‘progres-sive.’’ They are anything but progres-sive; they are regressive, but I will call them progressives today. To my pro-gressive colleagues, I will say this: Let’s not waste any more time. By now, it is evident to even the most committed partisans that Judge Kavanaugh is supremely qualified for the Supreme Court. So stop playing politics and join us in supporting his confirmation. f 
NATIONAL SUICIDE HOTLINE IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. HATCH. Madam President, on another matter, I would like to thank those who have worked with me on the important issue of mental health and suicide prevention. This week, Presi-dent Trump signed into law my Na-tional Suicide Hotline Improvement Act, a bill that stands to save thou-sands of lives. This legislation becoming law is the high point of an effort that began in December 2016, when I held a round-table discussion at East High School in Salt Lake about the growing issue of teen suicide. A theme from that round-table, and many other subsequent con-versations, was the need for greater ac-cess to help—simply finding someone to talk to. Too many Americans who are strug-gling with mental illness or see their friends or family members suffering do not know where to turn for help. By making resources like the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline system more accessible and user-friendly, we can truly save thousands of lives. I thank all of those who helped get this bill across the finish line, includ-ing Utah State Senator Daniel Thatch-er and Representative Steve Eliason, and of course Congressman C
HRIS S
TEWART , who introduced the bill in the House. Most important, though, were the voices of so many Utahns who have felt the tragic effects of the sui-cide epidemic. I am heartbroken by their loss, but hopeful this law and their continued advocacy will turn the tide in the campaign against this epi-demic. This is important, and I hope we will all get behind this and do what is right. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.006 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5676 August 16, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I come to the floor to discuss one of the most significant responsibilities I have as a U.S. Senator; that is, providing ad-vice and consent to the President’s nominee to the Supreme Court. I just had the privilege of hearing from my distinguished colleague Sen-ator H
ATCH , Chairman and President Pro Tempore H
ATCH . I have heard about the scandals: He drives a minivan. He goes to church on Sunday. For heaven’s sake, he is a Redskins fan? I applaud the chairman for frankly sharing perspective around some of the ludicrous arguments being made by the other side about moving forward with an outstanding nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court, Judge Kavanaugh. Confirming a Supreme Court Justice is a lifetime appointment. Laws come and go, but judges stay on the bench for a lifetime. So it is critical that we confirm the right person to serve on our Nation’s highest Court. The American people want a Su-preme Court Justice with impeccable academic credentials—someone who does not legislate from the bench but upholds the rule of law and follows the Constitution. A few weeks ago, I had the pleasure of meeting Judge Kavanaugh in my of-fice. I can say, without a doubt, Judge Kavanaugh should be and is ready to be our next Supreme Court Justice. Judge Kavanaugh is one of the most qualified people to ever be nominated to the U.S. Supreme Court. You may hear from the other side that he is out of the main-stream. That is simply not true. In fact, the Supreme Court has adopted Judge Kavanaugh’s reasoning more than a dozen times. This gives him one of the most impressive records of any Federal appellate judge and hardly places him outside of the mainstream. During my meeting with Judge Kavanaugh, we had a very thoughtful discussion about the Founders’ vision and intent when they crafted the Con-stitution. We discussed the separation of powers. We discussed the importance of the Second Amendment. Just as he does with his rulings on the court, Judge Kavanaugh did not focus on his personal opinions but rather he brought it back to the text of the Con-stitution and the historical under-standing required. That is exactly what we need on the Bench from our highest Court. I want to thank President Trump for nominating such an outstanding and well-qualified jurist. I would also like to thank Chairman G
RASSLEY for com-mitting to a fair and transparent proc-ess for moving Judge Kavanaugh through this process so that he can be confirmed prior to the Supreme Court’s October term. I am most confident that Judge Kavanaugh will serve well. I look for-ward to casting my vote to confirm him. I yield back my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I am here to call on the Senate leadership to bring up the Water Resources Develop-ment Act, or the WRDA bill. It needs to come up soon for consideration be-cause right now, in Florida, we are fac-ing a massive environmental and eco-nomic crisis, and it is so sweeping that it brings up the memories of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oilspill, or the BP oilspill. Right now, neon green slime is clog-ging the Caloosahatchee River on the west coast, and the St. Lucie River on the east. I have been to Stuart on the east coast. I have smelled the stench of toxic algae choking the waterways. I have talked to mothers and grand-parents who are worried about expos-ing their children to the harmful tox-ins, and they are concerned about this if they get anywhere near there. That is why we wrote to the CDC, asking for healthcare guidance. I have met with business owners who have literally had to close their shops because of the algae. If they are fishing boat captains, obviously, that is what happens. If it is a bait and tackle shop—you get the picture. If the stench of algae is so bad in the location of a shop—whatever its business—they still have to close. It is not right. It is not fair for the hard-working fishing guides, the restaurant employees, or anybody who has a business involving our beautiful beaches. People enjoying the natural bounty are all being af-fected through no fault of their own. That is on the east coast. On the west coast of Florida, our white sand beaches aren’t as crowded with tourists, but with what? The ran-cid corpses of fish. This is the pufferfish. This is on one of Southwest Florida’s beaches. The turtles are cas-ualties from massive, noxious red tide. This event—a bacteria that occasion-ally appears in the Gulf of Mexico has moved very close to the shore this year. It has lasted for 10 months and counting. Hotels and restaurants are half full. Boat captains are facing one cancellation after another. Look at this. This is on a beach where 267 tons of dead fish and sea life have been re-moved from about 150 miles of Flor-ida’s world-renowned beaches, and that is just this year alone. These pictures are horrifying enough, but go there; it is even worse in person. The local governments have spent a lot of money going out and cleaning up the beaches. What has happened is abso-lutely heartbreaking. I am a fifth-gen-eration Floridian, and I have never seen it this bad. I have never seen our beautiful beaches covered like this. That is why Senator RUBIO and I are pushing so hard for the Water Resources Develop-ment Act. It includes a critical project to address the algae by providing addi-tional water storage for Lake Okee-chobee so that the Army Corps doesn’t have to discharge so much to the east and west. It also, very importantly, authorizes a reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee, along with stormwater treatment areas, which can help clean up the water so that they can send the water into the reservoir that is in the St. Lucie on the east. This reservoir is on the west, near LaBelle. They can send the water there, store it, start to treat it, and then let it go as the natural flow going south to the Everglades. This project in the Water Resources Development Act is part of the historic Everglades restoration effort that many of us have worked so long and hard to advance. It is just one piece, but it is one that absolutely cannot wait. If we don’t act soon, I am afraid there will not be much of an environ-ment in South Florida left to save. I urge the majority leader to sched-ule a vote on the WRDA bill as soon as possible, and I urge my colleagues to support the Water Resources Develop-ment Act when it comes to the floor of the Senate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, because the time between now and 11:30 is to be shared between me and the ranking member on the Finance Com-mittee, Senator W
YDEN , I ask unani-mous consent that when Senator W
YDEN appears, I yield the floor to him; that at the conclusion of his re-marks, I be recognized to conclude my remarks; and that in the R
ECORD , my remarks be consolidated after Senator W
YDEN ’s remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WILDFIRES Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE not just for today, as we talk about wildfires, but because, year after year, he has been on this floor, prosecuting the consequences— playing out the consequences of the failure of dealing with climate change. Certainly, it is hotter and dryer in the West. What I am going to do is to spend some of this short period we have to-gether in describing these wildfires. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.007 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5677 August 16, 2018 
They are not your grandfather’s wildfires. They are bigger, they are hotter, and they are more powerful. In my home State last summer, we saw a fire leap the Columbia River. The Columbia River has always been a break in terms of fire, and the fire just leaped over it. We are seeing that around the country. It is getting worse. The fires are so bad today and the smoke is so thick that people in my home State are fleeing their commu-nities to find pockets of breathable air. In Portland, residents are being warned against spending time outside and are being advised to wear respirators if they must. Those without homes to provide safe air are being told to seek shelter from the smoke in public places, like libraries and government buildings. So I would say to my friend and to the Presiding Officer, who is also a westerner and a friend, that this is not the stuff of fiction. This is real life— right now—for communities across the West that are just getting clobbered by fire. This is climate change at work. As Senator W
HITEHOUSE and I speak today, there are more than 100 large wildfires that are destroying homes and businesses across Oregon and the West, burning almost 1.8 million acres. Farmers have watched as crops have burned to the ground. Families who are located in evacuation zones have fled their homes. Choking smoke through-out my State has left children and sen-iors afraid to go outside, and schools have canceled sporting events because of the unhealthy air quality. I remember when I began in public service that westerners would prepare for individual fire seasons and that some would be a bit worse than others. Yet now we are basically in a situation in which we have infernos raging throughout the year. In California, for example, the Thomas fire set the all- time record—wouldn’t want to have it—as the State’s largest recorded wild-fire in December. It was not exactly a Christmas gift. The record didn’t stand long, as my colleague just mentioned last week’s fire in Mendocino. In Oregon, the Taylor Creek fire and the Garner Complex fire led agencies to issue evacuation notices to more than 1,000 people. This is the second year in a row that the air quality in southern Oregon has ranked among the worst in the Nation. When I was driving to southern Oregon recently in order to get a briefing from fire officials, the smoke, in effect, was going north, drifting 100 miles north of Medford. In my hometown of Portland, now—this week—air is at unhealthy levels. Fires have gotten so big that the plumes of thick, choking smoke have shown up on NASA’s satellite images from space. My colleague and I served on the Intelligence Committee to-gether, and I think, increasingly, we are going to see folks at the Forest Service and at weather agencies who will be interested in a lot of those kinds of satellite opportunities in order to get a better handle on the dimen-sions of the problem. A huge portion of my State is blanketed with smoke, and this is taking place when hikers, fish-ermen, rafters, and guides, along with countless tourists from around the country, ought to be enjoying the out-doors. Talking about economic con-sequences, recreation has become a big economic engine in the West. I am very pleased to have been the sponsor of a bill with Chairman ROB B
ISHOP , who I think would be pleased if I called him one of the most conserv-ative Members of the other body. Our bill is called the RNR bill, Recreation Not Red-Tape. It is just sensible sug-gestions for putting permitting infor-mation online—those sorts of things. It is pretty hard to recreate in the West, Senator S
ULLIVAN , if everything is burning up. It is pretty hard to real-ly cap the potential of this extraor-dinary new recreation engine, but right now dangerous fires and unhealthy smoke are blocking recreation oppor-tunities for folks in the West to get outside. It is an economic nightmare, in addition to being a danger to life and property. We don’t remember wildfires this catastrophic happening 30 years ago, and people want to know why. My view is it is not a coincidence that the megafires now happen routinely and are getting bigger, and a significant factor in this is climate change. According to research by Oregon State University, our average tempera-ture has increased by more than 2 de-grees over the past century. Last week, the National Weather Service issued an excessive heat warning for the Willam-ette Valley, advising that the heat could touch 100 degrees. This is not Death Valley. The Presiding Officer knows our area. We don’t get roasted by triple-digit heat—or we didn’t used to. But we are today. The National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration announced that the contiguous United States experi-enced the warmest July in recorded history. The temperature hikes bake forests and landscapes. They dry out materials, and they are magnets— magnets—for fuel for the infernos. Yet the Trump administration, as Senator W
HITEHOUSE has talked about, seems to be working overtime to say that this isn’t a problem. For starters, the President pulled the United States out of the Paris climate agreement, which would make us the only country to reject it. Senator W
HITEHOUSE knows more about this than any other Senator. What I was particularly troubled about is that the arguments they made weren’t tethered to the facts. They kept saying that there were all kinds of mandates in the agreement. As my colleague knows, there really aren’t. It is voluntary. There is a wide berth for countries to pursue strategies that make sense for them. It is not just pulling out of the inter-national agreement. At the Depart-ment of the Interior, Secretary Zinke is doing everything he can to roll back environmental protections. I say to my colleague: I was one who voted for Secretary Zinke. He said that he was going to be a Roosevelt Repub-lican. The Presiding Officer would be interested in this. He said that nine times in his hearing in the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. I thought, he is a Duck; he said he was a football player. I was a basketball player. I would give it a shot. I now consider that one of the worst votes I have cast in my time in public service because he is doing everything he can to roll back environmental protections, giving oil and gas executives free rein to exploit public lands, and he is put-ting an end to commonsense regula-tions to curb emissions of methane, a dangerous greenhouse gas. The story doesn’t get better at the Energy Department. They are there wrapping themselves into a legal pret-zel to figure out how to waste taxpayer money to prop up the coal industry, an energy source whose costs are too great for the market to bear. Over at the EPA, the Environmental Protection Agency, they are rolling back fuel standards for cars. That is a double loser. It is bad for the environ-ment and bad for the consumers who are going to have to pony up $1 trillion more at the pump. While the Federal Government is abandoning leadership, they are also browbeating the States to do the same thing. The Trump administration now threatens California’s ability to set its own air quality standards under the Clean Air Act, which affects 12 other States, including Oregon. How many times, colleagues, have we heard Sen-ators come to the floor of the Senate and virtually pound on their chests and say that the States are the labora-tories of democracy? Basically, on climate change, Sen-ator WHITEHOUSE , what the Trump ad-ministration is saying is that they are for State’s rights if they think the State is right. That is their position on climate change. It is clear that we are not seeing any real movement from the Trump administration. Two weeks ago, the President tweeted several times that water from Northern California is being diverted to the Pacific Ocean rather than being used for firefighting. State officials and Republicans—California veteran Republicans—essentially said that this was nonsense. When the President’s press office was asked about the tweet, really, they went completely silent. The megafires are the new normal, so westerners are going to have to em-brace new, cooperative, and collabo-rative ways of dealing with the effects of climate change. Our priority ought to be to work with the States. Govern-ment at all levels should continue to develop more efficient, low-carbon en-ergy technologies, renewables, and en-ergy storage. It is a winner all around for Oregon, the West, and our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.009 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5678 August 16, 2018 
Not only are solar and wind cleaner, they are also cheaper than a number of the plants that burn fossil fuels. What we said in our tax reform bill is that there are more than 40 separate breaks in energy, many of them just monuments to yesteryear. We proposed throwing them in the trash can. Out they go, $40 billion worth over a few years, substituting the $40 billion for clean energy, clean transportation fuel, and energy efficiency. That is going to be in line with what Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE has said, which is that America can get more green for less green, or fewer taxpayer dollars. I very much appreciate my colleague coming to the floor today. I want to close with just one point. More than any other factor of my time in public service—I think I have discussed this with both the Presiding Officer and Senator W
HITEHOUSE —what I have been interested in finding is what I call prin-cipled bipartisanship. Bipartisanship is not about Republicans and Democrats taking each other’s dumb ideas. Any-body can do that. Then you can pat yourself on the back and say: Oh, my goodness, we are being bipartisan. What it is all about is finding good ideas. What Senator W
HITEHOUSE has done— and, boy, do the fires in the West right now convey the urgency; in effect, he has tried to take markets, marketplace forces, and fuse them together with the best environmental practices we know of. Both sides ought to find that pretty attractive. Conservatives can say: Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE is talking about using marketplace forces—and he has at-tracted some pretty prominent Repub-licans to his ideas, as well—and Demo-crats can say: We are not going to daw-dle in terms of trying to improve the environment, and we are not going to turn back the clock on environmental practices. I very much appreciate Senator W
HITEHOUSE ’s leadership. I am going to have to run off to another meeting. I will just say that I appreciate his in-cluding me. I say to my colleagues: It might not be that wildfires are happening in your State this morning, but climate change affects every single American in one way or another, and we have to find a way to create a bipartisan path to ad-dress this growing harm. With thanks to Senator W
HITEHOUSE , I yield the floor. 
f 
WILDFIRES AND CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, it is terrific to be joined here today by my colleague from Oregon, Senator W
YDEN , to address some of the dev-astating effects of a changing global climate from the shores of Rhode Is-land and our beautiful Narragansett Bay to the forests of southern Oregon. Rhode Island is looking at losing sig-nificant territory to storms and sea level rise. Oregon is seeing ancient for-ests go up in smoke. For most of the country, this summer has been a scorcher. July was nearly 2 degrees Fahrenheit above average, and, before that, the contiguous United States ex-perienced its hottest May and third hottest June on record. It is oceans too. Just last week, the Rhode Island organization Save the Bay recorded ocean surface tempera-tures in Little Narragansett Bay, off the coast of Westerly, RI, at nearly 80 degrees Fahrenheit—the highest in over a decade of data and, perhaps, the highest ever in Rhode Island’s history. The National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration recently re-leased its report ‘‘State of the Climate in 2017.’’ The 500 scientists from 65 countries who contributed to this peer- reviewed report, which was published in the Bulletin of the American Mete-orological Society, reported ominous records broken: the concentration of carbon dioxide in our atmosphere, a new high; heat in the upper ocean, a new high; sea level rise, a new high; sea ice coverage in the Arctic and in Ant-arctica, both new all-time lows and all headed in the wrong direction. Out West, the NOAA report called out 2017 as an extreme western wildfire season that burned over 4 million hec-tares. The total costs of $18 billion tri-pled the previous U.S. annual wildfire cost record set in 1991. Right now, in the summer of 2018, blazing temperatures and drought con-ditions have contributed to wildfire outbreaks worldwide in the U.S., Can-ada, Australia, South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa. The raging Mendocino Complex fire recently became the larg-est wildfire in the history of the State of California, the previous record being last year’s Thomas fire. Mr. President, I again want to thank the distinguished ranking member on the Finance Committee, and I salute his years of passion on environmental issues and in the defense of his State, which is now suffering so many fires. We actually have an answer to the question that Senator WYDEN proposed rather rhetorically—why this is hap-pening out in the Mendocino fires, for instance. The assistant deputy director of Cal Fire, Daniel Berlant, who is at the state department of forestry and fire protection, has said this: ‘‘Let’s be clear: It’s our changing climate that is leading to more severe and destructive fires.’’ Climate change has doubled the area consumed by forest fires since 1984. Ac-cording to a report by Climate Central, ‘‘[c]ompared to the 1970s, the annual average western U.S. wildfire season is now 105 days longer, has three times as many large fires (larger than 1,000 acres) and sees more than six times as many acres burned.’’ Not only are these fires becoming larger, they are becoming more dan-gerous. They burn hotter and more in-tensely. They spread more rapidly and shift unpredictably, putting fire-fighters at risk. A 2015 study in The Solutions Jour-nal found that, as compared to 1990, fires are now larger, three times as many homes are burning, and around twice as many brave firefighters are losing their lives. The Federal Government’s ‘‘Climate Science Special Report,’’ released late last year, warned that years without large fires in the western United States will become what they called ‘‘ex-tremely rare.’’ Years without these large fires will become ‘‘extremely rare.’’ The Environmental Protection Agen-cy warns that unless we curb our greenhouse gas emissions, ‘‘climate change is projected to dramatically in-crease the area burned by wildfires across most of the contiguous U.S.’’ The Agency estimates for the western United States a more than 40-percent increase in the area burned by wildfires by 2100, and the amount of land in the Southwest burned each year by fires, including Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas, could go up by as much as 140 percent. These more frequent and more fero-cious wildfires are leaving permanent scars on America’s landscape. Ordi-narily, wildfires are part of the natural lifecycle of a healthy forest, but, as Senator WYDEN said, these are not our grandfather’s wildfires. The intensity, frequency, and scale of the infernos we are now seeing reflect nature out of whack. Instead of clearing dead trees and groundcover to make room for healthy trees and rebirth of plant life, these superstrong wildfires are simply destroying these ecosystems. The National Wildlife Federation’s 2017 report, ominously titled ‘‘Megafires,’’ says: ‘‘If hot enough, ex-treme fires can even sterilize the soil by killing subsurface seed banks that normally aid in post-fire recovery.’’ Some native environments are perma-nently lost to charred landscapes and invasive species. A 2017 study reported in the journal Science found that ‘‘thanks to climate change, areas ravaged by wildfires may never recover, wiping out entire eco-logical communities forever.’’ This re-view of areas ravaged by wildfires showed that ‘‘the proportion of sites with no regrowth almost doubled after 2000‘‘ as compared to the 1980s or 1990s. Of course, the consequences of these fires to human life are dire. Fourteen people died in last year’s wildfires in California, Mississippi, Missouri, Mon-tana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Utah. The risk doesn’t end with the flames. After last year’s devastating fire in California, when rain finally returned to the area, but without trees and other plants to hold the soil in place, the downpours unleashed torrents of mud, rocks, and debris, killing more than 20 people. The Centers for Disease Control estimates that 25 to 30 people die each year in postfire floods and mudslides. As Senator W
YDEN mentioned, air pollution is another consequence of these wildfires, and it can spread far 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.010 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5679 August 16, 2018 
beyond the burned-out site of the fire. Hundreds of miles downwind, air can become unhealthy and even hazardous. I remember visiting Saskatchewan with Senator G
RAHAM and seeing skies there clouded from Oregon’s fires. Last month, air in the northwest took the title of ‘‘worst in the nation’’—not what they were looking for—with offi-cials recommending that residents wear masks when venturing outdoors. Children, pregnant women, and people with breathing difficulties were told to actually leave town, to leave the area. Wildfires unleash an especially harm-ful air pollutant: tiny particles less than 2.5 microns in diameter. For com-parison, an average human hair is around 70 microns wide. So we are talking about very small particles cir-culating in the air. Because they are so small, they are easily inhaled and can lodge deep in the lungs and even enter the human bloodstream. Exposure to them has been associated with asthma, heart attack, stroke, and some cancers. Emerging research even links this nasty pollutant to premature births. A researcher at NOAA’s Earth Sys-tem Research Laboratory in Boulder, CO, told Science magazine that wild-fire smoke is ‘‘one of the largest prob-lems facing air quality and climate issues going forward.’’ According to a 2016 study in the journal Climatic Change, wildfires were to blame for more than two-thirds of the bad-air days in the western U.S., with unhealthy levels of particulate matter. Smoke and pollution from western wildfires get picked up by the jet stream and can be carried 3,000 miles across the United States, all the way to our east coast, contaminating air throughout the country with noxious particulate matter, methanol, benzene, ozone, and other toxins. This image shows the plume of smoke from west coast fires over here spilling across the country last Sep-tember. NASA reports that when air-borne contaminants are drawn down to ground level, as happened in Iowa last summer, wildfires can trigger air qual-ity warnings hundreds, even thousands, of miles away. The scourge of these wildfires in Sen-ator W
YDEN ’s home State and through-out the West is one of the most dan-gerous symptoms of carbon pollution and climate change. His Oregon con-stituents see this devastation first-hand. Senator W
YDEN has helped to rush additional resources to Federal firefighting agencies to step up the re-sponse to these exploding wildfires. I thank him for joining me here today as we implore our colleagues to recognize what is going on. If you don’t believe me, simply go to your own home State universities and ask them. Whether it is Alaska’s, Texas’s, Oklahoma’s, Rhode Island’s, or Oregon’s universities, they will tell you. This is stuff that is so clear that it is taught in your home State univer-sities. Yet here in the Senate, we con-tinue to indulge the pretense that we don’t know what is going on. Well, it is climate change, plain and simple, as we careen toward what could be an irre-versible shift in our climate, changing our Earth into what one recent report called a ‘‘hothouse.’’ Yet here we are, the great Congress of the United States, stuck in dirty fossil fuel poli-tics, fiddling under the Capitol dome while the western United States burns. I thank my distinguished friend from the great State of Oregon for joining me here today. I yield the floor. f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip is recognized. 
REPUBLICAN ACCOMPLISHMENTS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today we will confirm two more appellate judges, bringing our total to 26 since the Trump administration began. This has been one of the hallmarks of the President and of our agenda, and it is critically important. So I thank the President, as well as all of our col-leagues who have worked so hard to fill these vacancies on our Nation’s courts. There have been many accomplish-ments this last year and a half, but perhaps the greatest has been the new, energized state of our economy. This is a direct, tangible impact on the quality of life of all Americans. The Declara-tion of Independence designates, among the unalienable rights, the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. I like to think that by getting our foot off the neck of the economy, by repeal-ing unnecessary overregulation, and by cutting taxes and letting people keep more of what they earn, we are pur-suing those unalienable rights on be-half of the American people—certainly the pursuit of happiness. The Labor Department reported ear-lier this month that unemployment had fallen to 3.9 percent in July, which is close to the 18-year low that was achieved in May of this year. One of the highlights of the jobs report was that high school dropouts and others who struggled during the Obama-era recession are doing significantly bet-ter. Their unemployment rate fell to 5.1 percent, the lowest since the gov-ernment started collecting data on those without a high school diploma. Of course, this is pointed out particu-larly at a time when labor is in short supply; that is, there are a lot of good- paying jobs for which there are not trained workers who could qualify for those jobs. I think it makes it incum-bent on us, at all levels of govern-ment—Federal, State, and local—to do more to help train workers so they qualify for these good, well-paying jobs that right now are going unfilled be-cause of a shortage of trained workers. That is one of the imperatives, I be-lieve, of a tight job market caused by a booming economy. The July report showed that the economy grew by 4.1 percent in the sec-ond quarter. That is an incredible num-ber. The economy is literally on fire, and that is a good thing for the Amer-ican people. All of this positive eco-nomic news is complemented by the tax reform package I mentioned a mo-ment ago that we passed last Decem-ber, which has become perhaps the big-gest game changer of all, opening doors and offering new opportunities for American workers. In order to make the rates of tax-ation in America competitive globally, we lowered the corporate rate from 35 to 21 percent. This is something that Democrats, like President Obama, as well as Republicans, have supported in the past, recognizing that we were chasing investment overseas and any earnings on investments overseas were not coming back to the United States to be invested here in workers and in-frastructure. This was a self-inflicted wound that we have now cured. We also were successful in helping working families by doubling the child tax cred-it. One of the tangible benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is that more than 700 companies have used the tax savings to benefit their employees as well as their customers. They have an-nounced pay raises and 401(k) retire-ment match increases. Utility bills have been cut for seniors and those on fixed incomes, because when investor- owned utilities got their tax rates low-ered, they had to lower rates that they charge on utility bills. This legislation has resulted in bo-nuses and other benefits for American workers, perhaps too numerous to men-tion, but it is worth mentioning be-cause, unfortunately, in the fog that represents the news coverage that comes out of Washington, DC, some-times these tangible benefits are over-looked. It is important for us to dem-onstrate that we are keeping faith with the American people—the people who sent us here—and we are doing the work of governing in a way that di-rectly and tangibly benefits each of them—something, again, that gets lost in the fog that emanates here in Wash-ington. But it is not just the economy that deserves mentioning. The judiciary is the third and coequal branch of govern-ment. I believe the confirmation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Aug 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.011 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5680 August 16, 2018 
Federal judges is one of the most im-portant things that we do here in the Senate. It is not something the House of Representatives has any role in. Under the Constitution, it is our re-sponsibility to provide advice and con-sent on Federal judges, and who gets selected as a Federal judge and the ju-dicial philosophy they have is one of the reasons why I believe President Trump won the election over Hillary Clinton. People understood, based on a list that the President made public be-fore he was elected, the type of people he would be looking at to fill these ju-dicial vacancies—judges who would faithfully interpret the Constitution and would say what the law is, not what their personal policy preferences might be or what they wish the law to be. That is our job, and that is the rea-son we run for election in the political branches of government—the executive and legislative branches. Judges were, in the words of Alex-ander Hamilton in the Federalist pa-pers, called the least dangerous branch. By that he meant that their job was to figuratively call balls and strikes. In other words, they were not seen as pol-icymakers, or else they never would have given judges lifetime tenure. They are insulated from politics. It is precisely because they are insulated from politics that they should perform the critical but limited role of inter-preting the Constitution and laws as written. Of course, the most notable example of a judicial confirmation we have had during the last year and a half was the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to fill the seat left by Justice Scalia. But now, on September 4, Chairman G
RASSLEY on the Judiciary Committee has an-nounced that we will begin the hear-ings on the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to succeed Justice Anthony Kennedy on the Supreme Court. But it is not just the Supreme Court that is important. It is the courts below the Supreme Court that do the day-to-day work of the Federal judici-ary, including the 26 appellate judges that I mentioned earlier. That includes Texans like Don Willett, Jim Ho, and Andy Oldham, all of whom now serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Of course, we should mention the very talented district court judges whom we have confirmed as well— three of them from Texas. Karen Scholer, David Counts, and Fernando Rodriguez are three of those talented district court judges whom we have confirmed. Overall, we have confirmed more than 50 of President Trump’s judicial nominations. Again, I believe this is one of the most important jobs we per-form here in the Senate. Third on my list of accomplishments that I want to talk about today I al-luded to a moment ago when I talked about the economy taking off. One of the most important things we have done since we have been here during the Trump administration is repealing overly burdensome, Obama-era regula-tions through something called the Congressional Review Act. We have used this device 16 times to eliminate agency rules that were sometimes snuck in during the waning hours of the Obama administration. On top of that, we repealed the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board, or the IPAB, under ObamaCare. This will allow senior citizens and their families to take better control and greater con-trol of their own healthcare decisions without being subjected to the whims of unelected bureaucrats. Also, we made ObamaCare voluntary by elimi-nating the individual mandate, which is a tax on middle-income and low-in-come people who couldn’t afford to pur-chase the ObamaCare policies. ObamaCare’s main problem was that it represented perhaps the most intru-sive government mandate into the lives of the American people by saying: You don’t have any choices anymore when it comes to your healthcare. You must buy this government-approved healthcare policy, and, by the way, it doesn’t make any difference if it has coverage that you don’t want or can’t afford. You have to buy it. If you don’t buy it, we are going to fine you. We have repealed that tax on low-in-come and middle-income Americans, and we truly have made healthcare more available by allowing a market to be created where people have choices. Kudos to our Secretary of Labor, Mr. Acosta, who worked with the adminis-tration to provide for access to healthcare policies across State lines, and the administration, the Health and Human Services Secretary, recently announced that people can buy policies on an annual basis that are subject to renewal that provide them greater choice and flexibility. This is part of creating a market, which is the best regulator of all, as opposed to government. People wonder why conservatives believe Big Govern-ment is a bad thing sometimes, and it is precisely because when government gets bigger, our freedoms shrink in pro-portion to that growth in the flow of the Federal Government. That is pretty important, repealing those regulations and eliminating the individual mandate. The fourth major accomplishment, I believe, is providing relief to America’s community and midsized banks and credit unions, which have been hit hardest by some of the one-size-fits-all rulemaking ap-proaches under the Dodd-Frank bill. Again, one of the problems about leg-islating and regulating in Washington, DC, is we live in a big and diverse coun-try, and one-size-fits-all doesn’t work or, if it does, it often has collateral damage. In this case, while we were aiming at the excesses of Wall Street, small banks and credit unions were the collateral damage. What that meant is, consumers didn’t get access to the credit they needed, small businesses didn’t get access to the loans they needed in order to start a business or to grow a business. The next thing I want to mention, in terms of the accomplishments of the last year and a half, has to do with our commitments to servicemembers and our military as well as veterans. We have restored America’s defense with the greatest investment in the military in decades, including the largest troop pay raise in nearly 10 years. If you think about all the things the Federal Government does, not all of them are equal. Some are more impor-tant than others. I would put at the top of the list providing for our common defense because it is that defense of our freedom and our liberty and our way of life that makes possible all of the other things we enjoy, the blessings of lib-erty we enjoy as Americans. Making sure our military is properly funded and that we take care of the troops who wear the uniform of the U.S. mili-tary is the most important job of the Federal Government. Then, it is important to keep our commitment to our veterans when they take off that uniform. We did that this year in passing the VA MISSION Act, which makes significant reforms to the Department of Veterans Affairs, strengthening the healthcare and com-munity care options that are available to America’s veterans. We are all aware of some of the scan-dals in the VA system, where veterans have had to travel hundreds of miles or wait months to get access to care. We have addressed that with the VA MIS-SION Act, which reinforces Veterans Choice. In other words, if you would rather go see a healthcare provider in your local community, if the wait is too long to be seen at a dedicated VA facility, or, if you have to go too far to get to a VA facility, you can get access to a local healthcare provider in your community, and the VA will pay for it. To me, that is a really important ele-ment of our veterans’ healthcare sys-tem. Last, but certainly not least, is our sixth achievement of this last year and a half during the Trump administra-tion and Republican majorities in both Houses. We have taken steps to rebuild and protect our local communities. We passed nearly $147 billion in disaster re-lief for storms like Hurricane Harvey, which devastated Texas 1 year ago this month. On top of that, we have enacted the Stop Enabling Sex Trafficking Act, which provided resources to fight the rape kit backlog and improve school safety by a bill I sponsored called Fix NICS to make sure people who are ille-gally disqualified from purchasing or possessing firearms are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and pre-vented, if possible, from getting access to those firearms. These are just a handful of ways we are doing what we told the American people we would do if they would en-trust us with the great privilege of being stewards of that public trust. We put money back in Americans’ pockets. We have rolled back regulations that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.013 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5681 August 16, 2018 
have made their lives easier. We strengthened the military. We have given healthcare flexibility to our vet-erans. We have protected our commu-nities from harm. Of course, there is more work that needs to be done. Just before the State work period concluded this last week, the Senate voted to proceed to a con-ference on the farm bill. This bill is of great importance to the people of my State. City dwellers may not fully ap-preciate it, but according to the 2012 census, agriculture employs one out of every seven working Texans. With 28 million Texans, that is a huge number of farmers and ranchers directly af-fected by what we do in the farm bill. What people don’t realize, however, is that nutrition programs—not agri-culture funding—account for almost 80 percent of the cost of the farm bill. This includes the Supplemental Nutri-tion Assistance Program, formerly known as food stamps. Although I was proud to support the Senate’s version of the legislation, I was somewhat disappointed it did not include stronger reforms to some of these nutrition programs, including work requirements for people who are able-bodied or training requirements for people who need additional training or community service for people who can’t work or don’t want the training but at least provide some service to their local communities. I appreciate what the House has done to provide for those work requirements in the bill that my friend Chairman C
ONAWAY included in the House version. These reforms are not last- minute additions. There was a long, thorough process leading to the intro-duction of the House farm bill. Chair-man C
ONAWAY held more than 20 hear-ings on these nutrition programs, in-cluding some during the Congress, and afterward he put together some very commonsense work requirements that were based on broad stakeholder input. During this record of low unemploy-ment across the Nation, it is not un-reasonable to try to use this oppor-tunity, which comes only once every 5 years, to take a look and ensure our Federal dollars are being spent wisely, that able-bodied adults are getting the training they need in order to earn good pay, and that Federal assistance is only used to provide for those who are unable to provide for themselves. A scholar from the American Enter-prise Institute, Michael Strain, wrote about this recently. He wrote that the question of ‘‘[w]hether there should be a mandatory work component in public policies designed to assist low-income households is in part a question of . . . economics,’’ but it is also moral and philosophical as well. Whom should we expect to work in our society? Should a healthy person in the prime of their life who doesn’t have young children at home be working— yes or no? In other words, does that person owe some share of his or her en-ergy, ability, and intelligence to the rest of society from which we all ben-efit, including them? Some think it is nobody’s business but the individual’s whether they work or not and still re-ceive these benefits, but I disagree with that. When the question involves Federal benefits that are paid for by all tax-payers, whether to work or not is no longer just a private, personal decision. We as a country have decided that part of our social contract with each other will be providing a safety net where needed, and that is important. The flip side is, to benefit from that safety net, there also ought to be certain obliga-tions. In other words, you can’t have rights without responsibilities. One of them should be to work, if you are able to do so. While I wish the members of the con-ference committee my best as they try to reach consensus on the farm bill, I encourage them to take another look at Chairman CONAWAY ’s ideas on work requirements. I hope my colleagues will be willing to revisit this issue in the conference committee on the farm bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. 
REAFFIRMING THE VITAL AND INDISPENSABLE  
ROLE THE FREE PRESS SERVES  
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, we swore an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States, including its First Amendment, which says, in part, ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment, or re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.’’ We can’t let statements by the Presi-dent declaring the press is the enemy of the people go unchallenged. Both parties complain about the media, but who can argue with Thomas Jefferson, who wrote that ‘‘our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that can-not be limited without being lost,’’ or with James Madison, who said that ‘‘the freedom of the press is one of the great bulwarks of liberty, and can never be restrained but by despotic governments,’’ or with President Reagan, who said that ‘‘freedom of the press is one of our most important free-doms and also one of our oldest,’’ or with Justice Kennedy, who wrote that ‘‘the First Amendment is often incon-venient. But that is beside the point. Inconvenience does not absolve the government of its obligation to tol-erate speech.’’ These words of past leaders should inspire us to act, to send a message that we support the First Amendment, and we support the freedom of the press. Senators S
CHUMER , BLUMENTHAL , and I have introduced a resolution that does just that. It affirms that the press is not the enemy of the people, and it reaffirms the vital and indispensable role of the free press, serving to inform the electorate, uncover the truth, act as a check on the inherent power of the government, further discourse and de-bate and advance our most basic and cherished democratic norms and free-doms. This resolution also condemns at-tacks on the institution of the free press and views efforts to systemati-cally undermine the credibility of the press as a whole as an attack on our democratic institutions. As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 607, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 607) reaffirming the vital and indispensable role the free press serves. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SCHATZ. I further ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 607) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
NOMINATION OF A . MARVIN QUATTLEBAUM , JR. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I rise to express my disappointment that my Republican colleagues are not mak-ing better use of our legislative days in August. We could be working together to pass strong bipartisan bills that se-cure our elections and punish foreign nations and companies that hurt our national security. We could be working on healthcare and protecting people with preexisting health conditions and reducing the cost of prescription drugs. We could be working on legislation to strengthen our Nation’s guns laws. My colleague, Senator N
ELSON , introduced emergency legislation to prevent the Trump Administration from allowing 3–D gun plans to be posted on the inter-net. We spoke on the floor and asked unanimous consent to have a vote on his bill, and Republicans blocked that effort. Instead, we are here, voting on Judge Quattlebaum’s nomination to the Fourth Circuit. Judge Quattlebaum was confirmed to his present seat, as judge on the district court a mere 6 months earlier. Republicans think it is more important to promote a novice judge than to work on legislation to se-cure our elections, protect our national security, or prevent dangerous people from accessing guns. I urge Senator M
CCONNELL to recon-sider the August legislative agenda and bring substantive bills to the floor for a vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.015 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5682 August 16, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my re-marks before the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, in a few minutes, we are going to vote on Marvin Quattlebaum to be a circuit judge for the Fourth Judicial Circuit in Richmond, VA. He is a South Carolina native and a district court judge in South Carolina. I have known Marvin for well over 20 years. He is one of the most capable lawyers I have ever met. He has a great reputation as a district court judge. I thank President Trump for nomi-nating him. I thank my Senate col-leagues for moving his nomination for-ward. He will be a great addition to the Fourth Circuit. He is a very sound, conservative judge who is incredibly fairminded. To my Democratic col-leagues who moved his nomination through the Judiciary Committee, thank you. Later in the day, we will vote on clo-ture on the nomination of Jay Richard-son, also from South Carolina, to be on the Fourth Circuit in Richmond, VA. He was reported out of committee 20 to 1. Both gentlemen are rated unani-mously ‘‘well-qualified’’ by the ABA. Jay is one of the great legal minds of our time, and I think he is going to be a great addition to the Fourth Circuit. He prosecuted the Dylann Roof case, the man who killed the nine parish-ioners at the Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC. I recommend that you take time to listen to his ar-guments about that case if you ever get a chance. It is very eloquent. Both of these fine men come from South Carolina, and I urge my col-leagues to vote affirmative when that time comes. I do want to again thank President Trump. Senator S
COTT and I both highly recommend to our col-leagues ‘‘yes’’ votes for Mr. Quattlebaum and Mr. Richardson in just a minute. I thank Senator M
CCONNELL for mov-ing these nominations forward and Senator G
RASSLEY for making sure they got out of committee. With that, I yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Quattlebaum nomination? Mr. BARRASSO. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. INHOFE ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 62, nays 28, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 183 Ex.] YEAS—62 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—28 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Klobuchar Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Peters Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—10 
Alexander Durbin Flake Inhofe Lee McCain Murray Rubio Tillis Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Cindy Hyde-Smith, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, John Boozman, Ron Johnson, John Barrasso, Steve Daines, John Cor-nyn, Johnny Isakson, John Thune, James E. Risch, Richard Burr, Lindsey Graham, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 80, nays 10, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 184 Ex.] YEAS—80 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Udall Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—10 
Blumenthal Gillibrand Hirono Markey Merkley Sanders Schatz Van Hollen Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—10 
Alexander Durbin Flake Inhofe Lee McCain Murray Rubio Tillis Toomey 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 80, the nays are 10. The motion is agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.017 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5683 August 16, 2018 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, all postcloture time be considered expired at 1:45 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I come to the floor of the Senate today to ex-press myself on Judge Brett Kavanaugh, who has been named by President Trump to the Supreme Court of the United States, subject to the confirmation of the U.S. Senate. Probably the most serious responsi-bility all of us have is the confirmation of those who are appointed to lifetime appointments in the judiciary and cer-tain other high places in our govern-ment. It is a responsibility that should be treasured, respected, and never abused or never trivialized. President Trump has done what every President has done in the past: He has nominated the best available— Brett Kavanaugh, who stands before this Senate today. There is no better person for the job on the U.S. Supreme Court. Brett Kavanaugh is the real deal. He is the real deal, and he went to Yale. That doesn’t make him great. I think the University of Georgia is great, my-self. But the Yankees have been brag-ging about Yale, so we always say nice things about them. He is very smart. He graduated cum laude from Yale. He has trained so many young law-yers in his career, it is not even funny. He has had so many clerk with him. He has written so much that has been cop-ied by other courts and adopted as a part of law; it is a great testimony to his ability and his intellect. He served several years as a partner at Kirkland & Ellis, a private firm. He served as a clerk at the Court of Ap-peals for the DC Circuit. He has been a teacher and today teaches at Harvard University in the Samuel Williston lec-ture series and was nominated by Elena Kagan, a member of the U.S. Su-preme Court. He is the real deal in a lot of ways, and I want to take a minute to share why I am going to vote for him. I want somebody on the Supreme Court who understands me—an average American, somebody who has a family, two kids, works for a living, loves their country, and would do the right thing and will not do it for any other reason than to do the right thing. My motto in life has always been Mark Twain’s quote: When confronted with a difficult decision, do what is right. You will surprise a few, but you will amaze the rest. Doing the right thing is the right thing to do every time, but it is the hardest thing to at do almost any time. In fact, as my fa-ther used to say: Son, do what you want to do when nobody is looking, and when nobody is looking, do the same thing you do when they are looking be-cause you always want to do the right thing regardless of the question and re-gardless of what answer you have to give. The Supreme Court is a tremendous responsibility in our government. It is one-third of our government. We have a three-legged school of government: the bureaucracy—we are in the legislative branch; the executive branch, which the President runs; but the Supreme Court is the ultimate arbiter. I want a level-headed person who understands me making those decisions. I think the following qualifies as a level-headed person: More than a dozen times, his opinions have been endorsed by the U.S. Supreme Court. His 100 most cited opinions have been cited by more than 210 judges across the coun-try. More than 50 circuit court opin-ions discuss or cite one of his concur-rences or dissents. Of his 48 clerks, 39 have gone on to clerk for the Supreme Court of the United States. One of his clerks, Britt Grant from Georgia, was confirmed last week by this U.S. Sen-ate to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals. That is a pretty high testa-ment to a man of his youth and a man of his experience. He has two beautiful children, a love-ly wife, and is a committed family man. But let me tell you what makes him special: He is not pretentious. My first meeting with him was an odd meeting. It was a rare meeting. It was on the first floor outside of the ele-vators coming to this Chamber. I had just come in from the rain. I was stand-ing there, trying to get myself halfway dried off, and there came a slew of po-lice. I figured the President was com-ing. You know, they always run us out of there. The cops came in, and the dogs came in—and everybody else. All of a sudden, there was a guy; at first, I didn’t recognize him. Then I realized, with all the press trying to get up close to him, he must be somebody really important. He wasn’t us; he was Brett Kavanaugh. He saw me. He stopped, came over, and said: J
OHNNY , how are you doing? That impressed me a lot. Of course, I know he had been back there studying, just like the pages, so you can remem-ber who we are, so you can say our name, and it is a good thing to do. He talked to me as though I was his long- lost friend. He stopped, and we talked for 4 or 5 minutes. Two days later, when we came to my office and we talked again, we talked about family, we talked about food, we talked about fun, we talked about the United States of America, and we talked about the greatness and poten-tial of our country and its future. We talked about everything we loved about it and what we would do to pro-tect it, save it, and how we both felt honored to be in the positions we were in. Toward the end of the conversation, I said: Now, one thing about it, Mr. Kavanaugh, I understand you had a lit-tle issue with buying season tickets to the baseball games. In fact, the first thing Democrats came up with is that he makes too much money or he has too much money because he bought season tickets and used his credit card. I don’t think that is a dumb idea. I think that is a compliment—a guy who loves baseball, loves politics, and loves America. It doesn’t get any better than that. So I am going to vote for Brett Kavanaugh to confirm him to the U.S. Supreme Court because he is a regular guy, he is a brilliant man, he cares about his country deeply, he believes in this country, and he feels a responsi-bility that he wants to assume at this time in life. I can’t think of any better reasons to vote for him. I am going to vote for him with pride, and I urge all my fellow Senators in the U.S. Senate to join me as well. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise today to speak on the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Su-preme Court of the United States. One of the great privileges we have in the U.S. Senate is the responsibility of confirming nominees a President puts forward for this awesome lifetime re-sponsibility on the U.S. Supreme Court. Likewise, nominating Justices to the Supreme Court is one of the most im-portant responsibilities the Constitu-tion bestows upon the President of the United States. President Trump knows this, obviously, and has clearly taken this charge very seriously. Last year, President Trump made an outstanding choice in nominating Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Su-preme Court. I remember the debate on this floor, and I am delighted with his performance since he has been on the U.S. Supreme Court. President Trump has again put forward an impressive nominee in Judge Brett Kavanaugh for this awesome responsibility on the U.S. Supreme Court. A former clerk for Justice Anthony Kennedy, Judge Kavanaugh is an ac-complished, experienced jurist with over 300 published opinions. More than 50 circuit court opinions cite one of his concurrences or dissents, and the Su-preme Court has actually endorsed his opinions more than a dozen times. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.022 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5684 August 16, 2018 
Judge Kavanaugh has dedicated his life to public service, serving in various roles in the executive branch under President George W. Bush and for the last 12 years on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in the DC Circuit. Throughout his years of service, Judge Kavanaugh has also had a very positive impact on those around him. Just last week, one of Judge Kavanaugh’s earliest clerks was sworn in to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit of the United States. That judge is Judge Britt Grant, a native Georgian. Judge Grant clerked for Judge Kavanaugh, served on Georgia’s Su-preme Court, was elected to a full term without opposition, and is now a jus-tice on the U.S. Court of Appeals. Judge Kavanaugh introduced her when she was sworn in to the Georgia Su-preme Court, and he swore her in to the court of appeals last week. That both Judge Grant and Judge Kavanaugh are where they are today is a testament to their years of service and work upholding the U.S. Constitu-tion. Even with Judge Kavanaugh’s out-standing qualifications, which tran-scend party lines, some of my col-leagues across the aisle are already hysterically opposing him. In fact, some of my colleagues promised to vote against the nominee before Judge Kavanaugh had even officially been nominated. That kind of blind par-tisanship is exactly what the American people find unacceptable about Wash-ington—one of the many things. Judge Kavanaugh is an independent, well-qualified nominee to the U.S. Su-preme Court who will defend and up-hold the U.S. Constitution. By the way, at the White House, when the Presi-dent announced that Judge Kavanaugh would be his nominee, I was really moved by Judge Kavanaugh’s com-ments that night. He first spoke about his mom and how she later in life had become a lawyer. He talked about his father, he talked about his two chil-dren, and only at the very end did he say these brief words. He made this comment in the East Room of the White House the night that President Donald Trump had nominated him and made it public that he was the nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court. This is Judge Kavanaugh’s quote: 
I revere the Constitution. I believe that an independent judiciary is the crown jewel of our constitutional republic. If confirmed by the Senate, I will keep an open mind in every case, and I will always strive to preserve the Constitution of the United States and the American rule of law. I don’t know how you can be more clear than that. 
In 2006, during his confirmation hear-ing for the DC Circuit, he again faced unmerited accusations, much as he is today. At that time, Judge Kavanaugh simply responded: ‘‘There is one kind of judge . . . an independent judge under our Constitution.’’ I think it is very clear where this man’s mind is, and that is to protect and uphold the Constitution of the United States. Those quotes show that this man is very serious, and he needs to be strongly considered as the next Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. In my opinion, there can be no higher responsibility in this body than to be very diligent in our due diligence of nominating and confirming a Justice to the U.S. Supreme Court. Having done that, I give this man my fullest unreserved recommendation, and I en-courage my colleagues in this body to also vote positively on this confirma-tion. AUGUST BREAK  
Mr. President, for the R ECORD , I wish to also make a couple of comments re-garding where we are right now. This is August 16, 2018. Normally, this body, by tradition—at least in the last 50 years or so—would be back in their State, in a State workweek. I wish to give the majority leader, Senator M
ITCH MCCONNELL from Ken-tucky, full credit for deciding to keep us here this week and the next couple of weeks in August, which is normally when Senators would be back in their States. When we brought this up as a sugges-tion, this was never about staying here in August. It was only about two things. It was about trying to use every day to get as many nominees con-firmed as we could before the end of the year. Why is that important? Today, be-cause of the obstructionism of the mi-nority party, we have over 300 nomi-nees—the last count was 321 nomi-nees—waiting to be confirmed. By some estimate, this President will not be able to form his government for 10 years. The last time I checked, even if he gets reelected, he will not be here 10 years. I think this is one of the big reasons why we wanted to stay here and do all we could to get as many nominees done in this month as we could. The second, and equally important, purpose of stay-ing here and using as many days as we could was to fund the government by the end of the fiscal year—something this body has only done four times in 44 years, since the 1974 Budget Act was put into law. Let me say that again. Only four times has the Senate and the House ac-tually fully funded the Federal Govern-ment on time in the last 44 years. We are supposed to pass 12 appropriations bills to do that. The average over those 44 years is only 2
1⁄2. This is an unmiti-gated disaster that led directly to this $21 trillion debt crisis we have today. As a matter of fact, as I stand here today, the way the Senate works, we only have 12 working days between now and the end of the fiscal year. To the credit of leadership and people on both sides of the aisle, in a bipartisan way we have already passed seven appro-priation bills this year. We are already three times better than the average of any other Congress in the last 44 years. Unfortunately, we still have five to go, and those five are predominantly most of the money that will be spent on the discretionary side, which is only $1.3 trillion of the $4.3 trillion the govern-ment ultimately will spend. That is a conversation for another day, but we only have 12 working days to do five bills, which totals almost $1 trillion. Getting close is not good enough. In the real world, if you don’t get the whole job done, you don’t get to com-pete. When you don’t compete, you don’t survive. In my view, we have several opportu-nities. Right now we know we have 12 working days the way the Senate works, but if we work and vote on Mon-days and Fridays, we pick up another 15 days. That is 27 days. We have a lit-tle better fighting chance. My rule is this. We either get all of them funded or we fail. That means we have 12 working days, the way we normally op-erate, to fund five more appropriations bills. We are called here, primarily, in this body—the first calling—to fund the Federal Government. I am absolutely committed to that, and I know most people in here are. Right now, we have to be dead serious about what the goal is, and the goal is funding the entire government of the United States. To do that, we have to pass 5 more bills in the next 12 days. I am going to end here, but I want to call out one other thing, and that is that this is not just this year. I want to thank the leadership, both Democratic and Republican, in the House and the Senate, for forming the joint select committee that is under way right now. I personally have the privilege to be a member of that committee. There are 16 members, 8 from the Senate and 8 from the House, 8 Democrats and 8 Republicans, and 2 cochair people, 1 Democrat and 1 Republican. Our charge is to come up with a new way, a dif-ferent way, to fund the Federal Gov-ernment every year. I will tell you that we are making progress. This is a tough hill to climb, but we have the right people doing it, I believe, and the right leadership. I want to thank lead-ership for allowing us to have that op-portunity to make that effort. By November 30, we are charged to bring back proposals that will change the way we fund the Federal Govern-ment going forward. That is the final comment. This can’t be a one-off year where we will actually get the major-ity of these bills done. We have to get them all done by September 30. We also have to put in place a way to do this every year—like breathing, like every-body else in the real world does. It is an honor and a privilege to be in the Senate, but it is an even bigger honor when we get our job done. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:13 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.024 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5685 August 16, 2018 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. On behalf of the major-ity, I ask for a rollcall. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Richardson nomination? Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 81, nays 8, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 185 Ex.] YEAS—81 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—8 
Blumenthal Gillibrand Hirono Markey Merkley Sanders Schatz Warren NOT VOTING—11 
Alexander Durbin Flake Inhofe Lee McCain Moran Murray Rubio Tillis Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with re-spect to the Quattlebaum and Richard-son nominations, the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session and proceed to the consideration of H.R. 6157, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3695 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute.) 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I call up substitute amendment No. 3695. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. S HELBY ] proposes an amendment numbered 3695. 
Mr. SHELBY. I ask unanimous con-sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3699 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3695 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 3699. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. S HELBY , proposes an amend-ment numbered 3699 to amendment No. 3695. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion A under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, strike ‘‘$7,503,000’’ and insert ‘‘$8,503,000’’. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, today, the Senate begins debate on an appro-priations package that I believe is ab-solutely essential to the strength and security of this Nation. The package before the Senate marries the two larg-est fiscal year 2019 appropriations bills; that is, the Defense bill that funds all national security and the Labor, HHS, and Education bill. Each of these bills carries the near unanimous support of the Appropriations Committee, which is quite unusual. Senator B
LUNT , the chairman of the Labor, HHS, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, and Senator M
URRAY , his ranking member, worked together to produce a strong, bipar-tisan bill that balances many com-peting priorities. I commend both of these Senators for their hard work, and I want to take this time to thank them for their continued efforts in this re-gard. If they haven’t been here yet, Senators B
LUNT and M URRAY will soon come to the floor to discuss the par-ticulars of the Labor-HHS division of this package, so I am not going to get into the details of that bill, but as chairman of the Appropriations De-fense Subcommittee, I want to provide my colleagues here this afternoon with an overview of the funding it contains for America’s military. Secretary Mattis, the Secretary of Defense, as we know—a decorated gen-eral who commands deep respect on both sides of the aisle—has warned us that ‘‘failure to modernize our military risks leaving us with a force that could dominate the last war, but be irrele-vant to tomorrow’s security.’’ Think about that for a minute. We cannot allow that to happen. I think we must rebuild America’s military to where it will be second to none in the world. We have to defend this Nation first and foremost. Here in the Senate this afternoon, I am pleased to report that this bill takes a big step in that direction. I will explain why. It provides an additional $67.9 billion for overseas contingency operations. The fiscal year 2018 Defense bill, en-acted earlier this year, contained the largest increase in military spending in 15 years. The bill now before us does even better by providing an additional $16 billion above the 2018 level. This funding sustains U.S. force structure and improves military readiness. It also provides critical resources for a wide range of priorities that are es-sential to maintaining our techno-logical superiority in an increasingly complex and competitive national se-curity environment. The bill before us includes substan-tial investments in the areas of basic research, hypersonics, directed energy, artificial intelligence, microelec-tronics, missile defense, cybersecurity, and our test and evaluation infrastruc-ture, among many other priorities. Just as important, the package be-fore the Senate today provides our men 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.026 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5686 August 16, 2018 
and women in uniform with the largest pay increase they have seen in nearly a decade, and they certainly deserve it. As we debate this bill over the coming days, the sacrifices of these brave men and women should be on the top of the minds of all of us. In light of their sac-rifices, I believe it is our duty to en-sure they are the best prepared and best equipped military in the world. The American military is the most feared fighting force the world has ever known, and we want to keep it that way. This bill ensures that continues to be true. That is how we defend this Nation. I thank the vice chairman at this time of the Defense Subcommittee, Senator D
URBIN , for his valuable input in crafting this bill. Together, I believe we have produced a balanced bill that meets the Pentagon’s objectives and includes the contributions of Senators from both sides of the aisle. I am proud to present this legislation to my col-leagues, and I urge their strong sup-port. I also want to recognize the vice chairman of the full Appropriations Committee and his work on the com-mittee, Senator L
EAHY , and the leaders of both sides, including Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator S CHUMER . At the outset of the appropriations cycle, the four of us met and agreed to work together in an effort to return the Senate to regular order. Since that time, the Appropriations Committee has passed all 12 bills before the July 4 recess, all with strong bipartisan mar-gins—the first time, as the Presiding Officer knows, it has been done in 30 years. The first minibus contained three bills and passed the Senate by a vote of 86 to 5. It is now in conference with the House. The second minibus contained four bills, two of which had not seen the light of day on the Senate floor in many years—Interior and FSGG. That package passed by a vote of 92 to 6. Hopefully, it will soon be in conference as well. By August, the Senate had passed more appropriations bills than our counterparts in the House. That had not happened in the last 20 years. None of this would have been possible, as the Presiding Officer knows, without the partnership of Vice Chairman L
EAHY  and the leadership of Senators M
CCON-
NELL and S CHUMER . I thank each of them once again. Our work continues, starting now. We have a great opportunity to extend the success we have generated thus far. It has been more than a decade since the Senate passed a Labor-HHS appro-priations bill, period, and it has been a dozen years since the President was able to sign a Defense appropriations bill into law before October 1. These two records, I believe, must be broken. We must not only provide the re-sources necessary to rebuild our mili-tary, we must do so before the end of the fiscal year. There is no time to waste when it comes to our national security. With the confirmed coopera-tion of my colleagues, I am confident we will continue to get our work done in a deliberate and timely manner. I thank all Senators for working to-gether to produce regular order in the appropriations process. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. REMEMBERING ARETHA FRANKLIN  
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I rise to pay tribute to a woman whose voice and whose soul truly was larger than life. Aretha Franklin was known, first and foremost, as a singer, and what a singer she was. For so many of us, her voice provided a soundtrack to the highs and lows of our lives. A couple of things happened on April 29, 1967. For one, it was my 17th birth-day. For another, that was the day Aretha Franklin released ‘‘Respect.’’ Let me tell you, that song felt like a gift that day, and it has felt like a gift every time I have heard it ever since. Her voice really was a gift, not just to me but to the whole world. She won 18 Grammys, the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, was the 1994 Ken-nedy Center Honors awardee, and was the first woman inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. She was the re-cipient of the highest civilian honor in the United States, the Presidential Medal of Freedom. A panel of music ex-perts convened by Rolling Stone maga-zine in 2008 named her the greatest singer of all time—not bad for a preacher’s daughter from Detroit. All those awards are important; how-ever, they don’t begin to measure how she made us feel. I will never forget the 2015 Kennedy Center Honors, which sa-luted my friend and singer-songwriter Carole King. Aretha strolled onstage in her jewels and her furs, and she was pure magic. Her soulful rendition of ‘‘Natural Woman’’ made Carole King dance in her seat, and she made Presi-dent Obama tear up. Those final, mag-nificent notes—when she tossed her coat on the stage and raised her arms in triumph—brought every single per-son in that audience to their feet, in-cluding me. Her voice was remarkable—so re-markable, in fact, that in 1986 the Michigan Legislature declared it to be a precious natural resource. That re-markable voice of hers wasn’t limited to songs, however. Aretha also used her voice—sometimes loudly, sometimes quietly—to speak up for justice and to make a difference in Detroit and across the country. That is probably no sur-prise, given her roots. Aretha was the daughter of Pastor C.L. Franklin of New Bethel Baptist Church in Detroit, and she first found her soulful voice singing and playing the piano in church and in other places in Detroit. The Reverend Franklin was active in the civil rights movement, alongside leaders including Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Aretha was there to fund the work. Her longtime friend, the Reverend Jesse Jackson, shared his memory with the Detroit Free Press last week: When Dr. King was alive, several times she helped us make payroll. On one occasion, we took an 11-city tour with her as Aretha Franklin and Harry Belafonte . . . and they put gas in the vans. She did 11 concerts for free. 
He added: 
Aretha has always been a very socially conscious artist, an inspiration, not just an entertainer. 
We certainly know this in Michigan, where she was named the Michiganian of the Year in 2003 and was awarded the Detroit News’s Lifetime Achievement Award in June. According to Pastor Robert Smith, Jr., of New Bethel Bap-tist, a few times a year, Aretha would send the church checks—big ones, not small ones. That was in addition to her annual free concerts featuring famous gospel singers and free holiday meals. Speaking of food, Aretha’s generous support of food banks in Metro Detroit was one reason she was named the 2008 MusiCares Person of the Year. Her gen-erosity literally fed Detroit families, and her music fed the world’s souls. I was personally honored to have the opportunity to be with Aretha on many occasions. I was particularly honored to have the opportunity to introduce her a year ago, in June 2017, when she gave her last concert in Detroit, MI, at the Detroit music festival. I know I am not the only person who can say that no matter the song, no matter the tem-perature, when I hear Aretha sing, I get chills. The world has lost a legend; however, the world can take comfort in the fact that Aretha will always be with us. In her voice, Aretha was given an amazing gift. Her gift to us was sharing it, and we are very grateful. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
OHIO STATE WORK PERIOD  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, as a number of my colleagues did, last week when the Senate wasn’t in session, as I always do, I returned to my beloved State of Ohio and went home to Cleve-land and spent much of last week going around the State. I love Pope Francis’s comment when he exhorted his parish priests to go out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.030 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5687 August 16, 2018 
and smell like the flock. That says to me how important it is to go out and listen to people and listen to people’s concerns. I was in Lima talking to workers about pensions and about their work manufacturing. I was in Findlay with the mayor and a number of providers, and we listened to people talk about what they are doing to address the opioid crisis in Cleveland, Toledo, Day-ton, and around the State. What strikes me perhaps more than anything is the dignity of work; that whether you see someone waiting ta-bles in a diner, whether you see some-one at a plant working on an assembly line, whether you see somebody doing construction, whether you see some-body in a school or in a hospital, tak-ing care of children in a school, taking care of patients in a hospital, what comes through to me is just the dig-nity of work. What concerns me is, this body doesn’t really understand that. They don’t understand people want a chance to make a living, they want a decent wage, they want a chance to raise their children in a safe neighborhood, and they want access to housing. We know one out of four people who rent in this country spend more than half their income for housing, and we know what that means if something goes wrong in their lives, if their car breaks down, if their child gets sick, that they can lose their apartment, they can be foreclosed on, they can be evicted. To me, what came through this trip around the State this week more than anything was how this body is so out of touch with what work means; the honor, the dignity of work, how honor-able it is; that people, whether they work with their brains or their hands or their brains and their hands, as most people do, that work should be re-warded. We are seeing workers work harder than ever before. We are seeing cor-porate profits go up. We are seeing ex-ecutive compensation explode. We are seeing productivity rise. Yet workers’ wages are flat. In fact, during the last year and a half, while the stock market is up and the President brags about job growth— and we all are happy with job growth— what we don’t hear said, which is true, is that workers’ wages have been stag-nant or have gone down. Workers are actually making less than they were a year and a half ago. We know that since 2010, since the auto rescue, we have seen job growth every quarter, every month since 2010. We saw greater job growth 3 years ago than we have the last 2 years, but we have not seen wage growth, and I will give you one of the reasons for that. Congress passed a tax bill less than a year ago, and that tax bill, first of all, blew a hole in the budget. That is a problem because now my Republican colleagues want to raise the retirement age for Medicare, want to cut spending for the cleanup of Lake Erie, want to cut spending on things like LIHEAP, the low-income energy heating assist-ance plan for seniors who are strug-gling with the decision, do I pay for my medicine or my heat or do I have enough food to eat. So it is a question of this Congress has not really—they passed a tax bill that blows a hole in the deficit. At the same time, think about this one provision in the tax bill. If you are making cars in Youngs-town, OH, Lordstown, or in Toledo, if you are making the Jeep or the Chevy Cruze in Youngstown, and you pay a 21- percent tax rate—that corporation— but if that corporation decides to move overseas, they pay a tax rate of 10.5 percent. So, in other words, because of the tax bill the President signed fewer than 12 months ago, the Federal Gov-ernment is saying, we are going to give a corporation a 50-percent-off coupon on their taxes if they move overseas. So what did GM just do? The same day GM announced more than 1,000 workers in Lordstown, OH, were laid off—the same day—they announced they were going to build a plant in Mexico to make the Chevy Blazer. Now, I asked the CEO of GM, if you are going to lay off people in Lordstown, if you are making fewer Chevy Cruzes, why don’t you retool, in-vest some of those billions of dollars in tax savings in Lordstown, OH, in the Mahoning Valley and Youngstown or at the GM plant in Defiance or at the GM plant in Toledo or in some of your GM supply chain, GM suppliers? Why don’t you invest there instead of in Mexico? She didn’t say this was the reason, but it is pretty clear because the special interests in this body, meeting in the majority leader’s office, meeting in the Speaker’s office, meet-ing in the White House—and the White House looks like a retreat for cor-porate executives if we have ever seen any such thing—made a decision to give tax breaks to companies that move overseas. So more and more com-panies are going to see it is attractive. They like that idea of a 50-percent-off coupon to shut down production in Mansfield, OH, and move to Vietnam or to China or to South Korea or to Tur-key or to Mexico. Imagine that. Imagine both the eco-nomic illiteracy and the moral de-bauchery, if you will, of setting up a tax bill that says: We will give you a lower tax rate if you move overseas. I mean, what kind of a Congress passes a bill that says if you move overseas, we will lower your tax rate? That is what Congress did. It was already bad enough before we passed this last tax bill, but now we are seeing what I think is going to happen more and more. GM makes a decision: They lay off people in Youngstown, paying a 21- percent tax rate, they move overseas, and they are paying a 10.5-percent tax rate. I don’t understand the logic. I don’t understand the morality of that. I hope this Congress will look at my legislation, which will turn that around. It is our jobs and car act that simply will say: If you buy an Amer-ican car—and 100 different models of cars and trucks qualify for this—if you buy an American car or an American truck, meaning mostly made in the United States, assembled here, you will get $3,500 off the price of that car at the dealership, and that is, in essence, paid for by making the tax rate we charge U.S. companies that move over-seas—charge that same tax rate that we charge in this country. That is how you pay for it. It makes sense. It would mean more jobs in Ohio. It would matter for the dignity of work because autoworkers and the supply chain and steelworkers, glassmakers, and people making car seats in Northwest Ohio—all of them will have more jobs and will be able to provide for their families in a way that they really believe the American dream is all about. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TRIBUTE TO KARA NELSON  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, it is Thursday. Even though we had a short week here in the Senate, it is one of my favorite times of the week because I get to talk about the Alaskan of the Week, which is a recognition we give to somebody who is doing something im-portant in our State. I can see by the smile on the pages’ faces that it is their favorite time of the week, too, because we talk about Alaska and we talk about somebody who is making a difference. Maybe, it is a difference just in their local com-munity. Maybe, it is in the State. Maybe, it is nationwide. What I really enjoy doing in this speech every week is not just high-lighting my great State. Of course, we all think our States are great. I know the Presiding Officer thinks his State is great, and I encourage people watch-ing on TV or in the Galleries to come on up to Alaska. You will have the trip of a lifetime. There is great fishing right now and wonderful, beautiful sce-nery, but the reason you will love it so much is the people—strong, tough, re-silient, wonderful people. That is what we do in terms of the Alaskan of the Week. We talk about the people. Today, I want to talk about someone very special, a woman who has become a good friend of mine, named Kara Nel-son. She is our Alaskan of the Week. Kara calls Juneau home. Sometimes our Alaskans of the Week are unsung heroes. Maybe they have been working on something for years— decades, really—and not a lot of people know what they are doing. Other times, their efforts go from something 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.032 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5688 August 16, 2018 
hardly noticed to somebody who is really noticed. I would say that Kara is somebody who, over the last couple of years, is really noticed. She is kind of a rock star in the State, and to be hon-est, she deserves the attention that she is given. Kara works with women who have been in trouble, who have struggled with the issues of addiction, and have gone to prison sometimes for it. She is working with women who are trying to get a new start in life. There is nothing more important, I think—whether it is in Alaska or Louisiana, or anywhere in the country—than to give people a new start. Here is a little bit about Kara, who has been generous enough to share her story openly, because it can be a dif-ficult story to tell. She was born and raised mostly in Ketchikan—‘‘logging camps,’’ she calls them. She was a good student. She was a good athlete. She got good grades. But then, unfortu-nately, like too many of our young people today—whether in Alaska or anywhere across the country—she started using drugs. Eventually drugs took over her life completely. She dropped out of high school, and, in her words, ‘‘lived the life of an addict’’ for 20 years. For two decades, she was addicted to heroin and other drugs. She was arrested in 2005 for drug-related charges. For years— again, like so many people who we are seeing in our country—she ping-ponged in and out of prison until she was re-leased on June 1, 2011. It has been a tough life with tough experiences, but here is the good news. What has she done with that life since? She has been clean and sober ever since, which we all know is not easy. It takes courage. It takes discipline. She credits her faith and the peer support community she was able to find once she was released from prison. It is the kind of support she is now offering to hundreds of women across Alaska. Shortly after her release from prison, Kara began to attend meetings led by two women she knew had been part of prison ministries. These women, Ellen Campbell and Ramona Ignell, had an idea of opening up a place for women who were getting out of prison and needed help transitioning into freedom. They needed help. Many were going through their own addiction chal-lenges. They thought Kara would be the perfect person to direct the pro-gram. As all Alaskans know now, they thought right because she was that person. In 2015, the transition house that Kara and others founded, called Haven House, in Juneau, AK, opened its doors. So far, 33 women have gone through the program and only 2 have re-offended, which is a remarkable record and success story. Kara is also involved in so many other programs throughout the State. There are actually too many to name, but let me give you a few highlights. These are just a few of the highlights of what she has done. She is the co-chair of the Juneau Reentry Coalition and the cofounder of the Juneau Recov-ery Community Organization. In 2016, she was a fellow of Just Leadership USA. She is an active member of the Juneau Homeless and Housing Coali-tion, Juneau’s Disability Abuse Re-sponse Team, Juneau’s Recovery Coaches Advisory Board, and Alaska’s Statewide Recidivism Reduction Task Force. The list is a lot longer than that. That gives you a sense of how in-volved she is and how much she cares about these issues. Last year, for all her work, she was awarded the pres-tigious Director’s Community Leader-ship Award from the FBI in recognition of her outstanding service to the ad-vancement of justice. In the middle of all of this hard work, she went back to school to finish her associate’s degree and was able to be reunited with her three children. On paper and in a speech like this, this certainly all looks impressive, but I am here to tell you there is nothing like hearing her story in person. Let me take you back to a meeting I had in 2015. I had just been elected. Kara and seven other women—three of whom were recently out of prison and the first residents of Haven House— came to my office. They were in DC to attend a march to combat addiction. They were trying to get Members of the Senate and the House to support the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act, cosponsored and led by my good friend Senator R
OBPORTMAN , from Ohio, and my good friend from Rhode Island, Senator W
HITEHOUSE . They came to my office. On this day, I had certainly one of the most impactful meetings I have had in the Senate. It was a meeting where they were all very honest and open about what they had been through, and, to be perfectly blunt, these women have been through hell. They talked about it with courage, grace, and dignity. They talked about how Alaskans were suf-fering through this addiction—opioid and heroin addiction, in particular— and how they needed help and how they needed Federal legislation. Their honesty, resiliency, and cour-age were something I was so impressed by, so moved by. In many ways, it was a gift for me as a Senator to see this and to try, just a little bit, to under-stand this. This meeting went very long. After I heard these stories, I started reading more about this crisis. It is impacting all of our States, and certainly many parts of Alaska. I told my staff that we have to focus on this. For 2 years, we convened a summit in our State. It was called the Alaska Wellness Summit: Conquering the Opioid Crisis. Kara and her colleagues who came to see me inspired all of us to do this. In many ways, they were the stars of this event. They told the Alaskans who gathered their stories and their chal-lenges. We talked about all kinds of issues—Federal, State, and local. We brought Federal officials to this sum-mit. The Surgeon General of the United States came. The Deputy Sec-retary of HHS came. Statewide and local officials were all there gathering together, saying: We can do this. We can tackle this. Let’s work together. There is hope. There is hope because of people like Kara. I have a big State in terms of terri-tory, but it is not a big State in terms of population. Over 500 people showed up at this summit, with several hun-dred more online to listen and to get ideas and to give us ideas and to get in-spiration from people like Kara. In-spired by that summit and people like Kara, we are organizing another sum-mit—actually, tomorrow—in Anchor-age: the Alaska Wellness Summit 2.0. This event will also bring together, like we did before, a number of Fed-eral, State, and local stakeholders to discuss not only the addiction epidemic but also issues relating to drug traf-ficking and, unfortunately, the associ-ated crime wave that is hitting many of the communities in Alaska and vic-timizing many Alaskans. Kara will be one of the people in front of hundreds presenting at the summit. Again, she will likely talk about her own experiences and inspire people and give them courage that they can get through what they are going through, and she will talk about how successful peer-to-peer work has been for her and the other women she has been working with. Whatever she talks about tomorrow, I know that she will bring courage, insight, and internal fire because she has it. She has been through a lot. She is a leader, and she is a leader by example. I want to conclude by saying that her work and the work of so many others on tackling this crisis and all of the difficult side effects is so important. Kara, please keep it up. From the bot-tom of my heart, thank you for all the work you have done, for your courage, your commitment, and your inspira-tion, and, of course, congratulations to you on being our Alaskan of the Week. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3705 AND AMENDMENT NO . 3706 
TO AMENDMENT NO . 3695 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing amendments be called up en bloc and reported by number: Menen-dez-Murkowski No. 3705 and Fischer- Baldwin No. 3706. I further ask consent that at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, August 20, the Senate vote in relation to the amendments in the order listed and that there be no second-degree amend-ments in order to the amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments en bloc by number. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for others, proposes amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.034 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5689 August 16, 2018 
numbered 3705 and amendment numbered 3706 to amendment No. 3695 en bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3705 (Purpose: To provide funding for the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2018) At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion B insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) There is appropriated under the heading ‘‘National Institute for Occupa-tional Safely and Health’’ under the heading ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion’’, in addition to any other amounts made available under such heading, $1,000,000 to implement the Firefighter Cancer Reg-istry Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–194). (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated under the heading ‘‘General Departmental Management’’ under the heading ‘‘Office of the Secretary’’ is hereby reduced by $1,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3706 (Purpose: To appropriate an additional $10,000,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide for POW/MIA identification within the Defense Personnel Accounting Agency, and to provide an offset) At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) The amount appropriated by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ is hereby increased by $10,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for POW/MIA identification within the Defense Personnel Accounting Agency.I20 (b) The amount appropriated by title II of this divi-sion under the heading ‘‘Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-Wide’’ is hereby decreased by $10,000,000. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL F. M CKEON Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I wish to recognize city court Judge Michael F. McKeon of Auburn, NY, on his re-tirement from the New York bench after 20 years of dedicated and faithful service to his community and to his State. Judge McKeon was born and raised in Auburn and, save for a few years during college and law school, has lived his en-tire life in this vibrant community in the heart of New York State’s Finger Lakes region. Judge McKeon has dedicated much of his professional life to public service. After law school, he clerked for New York State Supreme Court Justice Robert White for 7 years, and while in private practice, he also served as cor-poration counsel for the city of Au-burn. For 27 years, McKeon also taught criminal justice courses at Cayuga County Community College in Auburn. First elected as Auburn’s city court judge in November 1998, Judge McKeon quickly got to work implementing new and innovative ways of administering justice and ensuring that those with behavioral and addiction illnesses got access to critical treatment and sup-port to help turn their lives around. Under his leadership, Auburn intro-duced one of the first drug treatment courts in New York State. Soon there-after, he founded a behavioral health court for misdemeanor and felony of-fenders. McKeon was a very active member of the Nation’s drug court community and became a sought-after resource for other judges in New York and through-out the country looking to introduce drug courts into their communities. With evangelists like Judge McKeon demonstrating great successes in help-ing end addiction through diversion and treatment programs, Federal fund-ing for drug court programs reached its highest levels in fiscal year 2017. Judge McKeon was chosen by his peers as president of the New York State City Court Judges Association from 2006 to 2008 and vice president from 2002 to 2006. He continued his drug court advocacy in these leadership roles, helping New York State become one of the Nation’s leaders in drug court adoption. In 2015, he worked with the State legislature to pass the first cost-of-living-adjustment for State judges in 13 years. McKeon also served as chair of the Local Codes Advisory Committee to the chief judge of the New York State Court of Appeals. I congratulate Judge McKeon and his family on his well-earned retirement, and I thank him for his outstanding service to his beloved Auburn. (At the request of Mr. SCHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 183 on confirmation of the nomination of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be a U.S. circuit judge for the Fourth Circuit. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on confirmation of the nomination, as I did in the Judiciary Committee. Further, I was necessarily absent for vote Nos. 184 and 185, relative to the nomination of Julius Ness Richardson to be a U.S. circuit judge for the Fourth Circuit. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on the motion to invoke cloture and yea on confirmation of the nomination, as I did in the Judi-ciary Committee.∑ 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, establishes statutory limits on discre-tionary spending and allows for various adjustments to those limits. In addi-tion, sections 302 and 314(a) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate is considering S. Amdt. 3695, a ‘‘minibus’’ spending measure covering programs within the jurisdic-tion of the Senate Appropriations Sub-committees on Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, Edu-cation, and Related Agencies. The de-fense portion of this amendment in-cludes provisions designated as over-seas contingency operations funding pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of BBEDCA. These provisions provide $67,914 million in revised security budg-et authority and $37,285 million in out-lays for fiscal year 2019. The inclusion of the overseas contingency operations designations with these provisions makes this spending eligible for an ad-justment under the Congressional Budget Act. The amendment also includes provi-sions designated as program integrity spending pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(B), section 251(b)(2)(C), and section 251(b)(2)(E) of BBEDCA. CBO estimates these provisions will in-crease budget authority by $1,897 mil-lion and outlays by $1,573 million in fis-cal year 2019. The budget authority from these provisions is categorized as nonsecurity spending. Accordingly, I am increasing the fis-cal year 2019 budgetary aggregate by $69,464 million in budget authority and $38,556 million in outlays. Further, I am revising the budget authority allo-cations to the Committee on Appro-priations by increasing revised security budget authority by $67,914 million, re-vised nonsecurity budget authority by $1,897 million, and outlays by $38,858 million in fiscal year 2019. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $ in millions 2019 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,548,015 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,508,052 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............................................................... 69,464 Outlays .............................................................................. 38,556 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,617,479 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,546,608 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16AU6.036 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5690 August 16, 2018 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $ in millions 2019 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 647,921 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 597,000 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,314,141 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 67,914 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 1,897 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 38,858 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 715,835 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 598,897 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,352,999 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above Regular OCO Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................. 0 67,914 0 0 0 67,914 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... .................................................................................... 0 0 1,897 0 0 1,897 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... 0 37,285 1,573 0 0 38 ,858 
FAIRNESS FOR HIGH-SKILLED IMMIGRANTS ACT Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I lend my support to the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act to ensure the equality of opportunity for all. Throughout our history, America has been committed to opening its doors to those who wished to build a new life here; yet, despite being ‘‘the land of op-portunity,’’ the laws that we have had in place have left many families seek-ing a better life in limbo. Over the last 2 years, the crisis has reached new lev-els of inhumanity as this administra-tion irresponsibly ended the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, program and ripped families apart at our borders. This legislation should be considered in the context of a more comprehensive bill which would also address the press-ing issues of DACA and family separa-tion. It will be an important piece of the puzzle that will hopefully put us on a path to changing the unfair laws that are currently in place and once again makeAmerica a place of possibility for all. The Fairness for High-Skilled Im-migrants Act makes important and long overdue changes that will create a more equitable employment-based im-migration system. This system will distribute green cards based not on the applicant’s country of birth, but on his or her skills. It will slowly get rid of the employment-based country caps and instead create an evenhanded ‘‘first come, first serve’’ system for equally qualified, highly skilled immi-grants. This legislation is an important step towards more comprehensive immigra-tion reform. The system as it is now is rigged and unfair. I hope that we can begin to move towards a more com-prehensive bill and a brighter future where America is once again, without a doubt, the land of opportunity. 
f 
REMEMBERING PAUL JOSEPH GILMER, JR. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish to acknowledge the loss of a public servant, veteran, and good man, Paul Joseph Gilmer, Jr., and recognize his years of service to the people of West Virginia. Paul’s life serves as an example to those who strive to be the change they want to see in their communities. He was an active member and leader of several community organizations and a mentor to innumerable Charleston youth. Furthermore, he was a family man whose memory and legacy will live on through his wife, children, grandchildren, and all those who knew and loved him. A lifelong resident of Charleston, Paul went to Dunbar High School be-fore serving in the U.S. Army. He re-turned to the Kanawha Valley to con-tinue his education, graduating from West Virginia State University with a bachelor’s degree, and went on to work for IBM for 25 years. Following his career with IBM, Paul entered public service and worked for the city of Charleston in the city man-ager and mayor’s offices before being elected as a city councilman. He was the executive director of the Commu-nity Council of Kanawha Valley, Inc., and senior vice president of the United Way of Kanawha Valley. An entre-preneur, Paul was also the owner of Business, Tax and Accounting Services, as well as PJ Gilmer, Inc. Beyond his career, Paul devoted his time to various community organiza-tions, serving in leadership capacities at the Kanawha Valley Collective, the National Association of Planning and Research Councils, the West Virginia Center for Civic Life, and the Schoenbaum Family Enrichment Cen-ter, among many others. He also served as a volunteer manager of several youth sports programs, impacting the lives of the next generation by his ex-ample and his message of working tire-lessly to effect positive change. Above all, however, Paul was a fam-ily man. He leaves behind his wife of 45 years, Linda, as well as his children Batese, Melissa, Ryan, Charles, Shawn, and Anthony, and their children. He is also survived by his mother and four siblings. Paul told the young men and women he mentored ‘‘not to achieve, but over-achieve,’’ in order to do something positive with their lives. Paul’s life was a testament to his message, as he over-achieved in making Charleston, WV, a stronger community. It was an honor to call him a friend and fellow West Virginian. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WHITE MOUNTAIN NATIONAL FOREST Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I rise today in celebration of the 100th anni-versary of the White Mountain Na-tional Forest. In 1911, Congress passed the Weeks Act, which authorized the Federal Gov-ernment to purchase forest lands at the head of navigable streams to protect the health of our waterways. This land-mark legislation paved the way for President Woodrow Wilson’s Executive order in 1918, a century ago this year, which formally established the White Mountain National Forest in New Hampshire and Maine. Today, these public lands cover nearly 800,000 acres of woodland and attract millions of visitors each year who camp, hike, ski, and explore some of the most breath-taking natural beauty in New England. In fact, the region attracts more guests than both Yellowstone and Yosemite National Parks. If you were to visit the forest today and take in the lush, healthy wood-land, it may surprise you that the envi-ronmental and economic success of this region was once in serious jeopardy. At the beginning of the 20th century, 80 percent of the White Mountain region had been depleted of its trees. Then- Governor Chester Jordan of New Hamp-shire said that the single greatest chal-lenge facing the Granite State’s future was excessive and unrestrained timber cutting. In his words, ‘‘Our forests are fast becoming despoiled, their scenic beauties marred and destroyed, the public health endangered’’ and the State’s agriculture, tourism, and even lumber industry threatened with ruin. Without action, he warned, New Hamp-shire’s forests were headed toward ex-tinction. In 1901, the year Governor Jordan issued his warning, Granite Staters began a remarkable effort to save our woodlands, efforts that continue to this day and have helped create a rich 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.013 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5691 August 16, 2018 
and vibrant forest ecology. Organiza-tions like the Society for the Protec-tion of New Hampshire Forests, the Ap-palachian Mountain Club, and the Soci-ety of American Foresters have worked for over a century to protect our wood-lands and foster appreciation for the natural world. Through their tireless work, the commitment of Granite Staters, and the efforts of local, State, and Federal governments, New Hamp-shire is now the second most heavily forested State in the U.S. The White Mountain National Forest, one of the greatest successes of the State’s con-servation efforts, has become a major part of the Granite State economy, supporting a $9 billion statewide tour-ism and outdoor recreation industry and nearly 80,000 jobs—proof that envi-ronmental and economic success can go hand-in-hand. This year also marks the 50th anni-versary of the National Trails System Act. This important legislation, signed into law by President Lyndon Johnson, established a national network of pub-lic trails that expanded access to out-door recreation across the United States, including nearly 350 miles of public trails in the White Mountain National Forest. As we celebrate the National Trails System Act and the White Mountain National Forest, we must also look to-ward the future—toward the next 100 years—and ask ourselves what we can do to advance this legacy of steward-ship. In Congress, we must reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which has enhanced recreational access to the White Mountain National Forest and helped New Hampshire to protect parcels of the Umbagog National Wild-life Refuge, the Silvio O. Conte Na-tional Wildlife Refuge, and the Appa-lachian Trail. We must also advance environmental and economic policies that conserve our public lands, protect our clean air and water, and support local economies. We each must take time to appreciate the natural wonder of our public lands and renew our ef-forts to preserve these precious areas for generations to come. I stand with and congratulate the supporters of the White Mountain Na-tional Forest on 100 years. Thank you. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY HOLMES ∑Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, it is an honor to recognize Emily Holmes for her diligent service through the U.S. Senate Page Program. During her placement, Ms. Holmes has been critical to the daily operation of the Senate. Senate pages work long hours, duti-fully delivering legislative material throughout the U.S. Capitol complex and assisting Senators and staff on the Senate floor. Through her work, Ms. Holmes has demonstrated excellent profes-sionalism and a commitment to the work of this legislative body. Ms. Holmes’s passion for public serv-ice is evident from her extensive in-volvement in her local community through organizations such as Los Ala-mos Teen Court and student council. Ms. Holmes also participates in Model United Nations because she be-lieves understanding both local and global issues is the best way to affect change in her community. During her time as a Senate page, Ms. Holmes learned about the legisla-tive process and experienced new ideas and perspectives. I especially appreciate Ms. Holmes’s commitment to bring what she learned in Washington back to New Mexico as she continues her education. As part of the next generation of changemakers, Ms. Holmes will play an important role in the trajectory of our State’s future. I am grateful for thoughtful young people like Ms. Holmes who seek op-portunities to develop as both a citizen and a leader. I commend Ms. Holmes for her excel-lent work in service of our Nation as a Senate page and for her dedication to public service. It has been a pleasure to have Ms. Holmes working in the U.S. Senate, and I wish her the best in all of her fu-ture endeavors.∑ f 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FARNSWORTH MUSEUM ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Farnsworth Mu-seum in Rockland, ME, which is cele-brating its 70th anniversary this year. The Farnsworth Museum highlights Maine and American art, proudly hold-ing one of the largest collections of works by sculptor Louise Nevelson, a Rockland, ME, native and features works by Andrew, N.C., and Jamie Wyeth in its Wyeth Center. Their na-tionally recognized collection fills over 20,000 square feet of gallery space and contains more than 15,000 works of art. The Farnsworth has been a longtime supporter of the arts and a positive presence in the Rockland community. Officially opening in August 1948, Lucy Farnsworth turned the estate left to her by her parents, William Alden Farnsworth and Mary Catherine Sprague, into a $1.3 million legacy that would later become the William A. Farnsworth Library and Art Museum in memory of her father. Over the course of next several years, the Farnsworth amassed an impressive col-lection of American art, opening the Andrew Wyeth Gallery in 1968, pre-senting a major exhibition of works by Louis Nevelson in 1976, and, in 2000, opening both the Jamien Morehouse Wing, to display larger and more in- depth exhibitions, and the Wyeth Re-search Center, dedicated to scholarly research and the development of a groundbreaking computer database program. In addition to the beautiful art on display, the Farnsworth has been a long contributor to Maine communities and is a tourist destination for many visitors. In 1999, the Farnsworth cele-brated the permanent collection, ‘‘Maine in America,’’ as well as the naming of director Chris Crossman as the recipient of the Kathryn M. Weare Award for Achievement in honor of his contributions and service to the Maine community. Additionally, the Farnsworth established the Art Initia-tive for Maine Schools, AIMS, to en-courage Maine children to participate in tours and workshop programs and created Julia’s Gallery for Young Art-ists to educate people on the oper-ations aspect of museums. In 2004, Julia’s Gallery for Young Artists re-ceived the Maine College of Art Award for Leadership in Arts Education. The Farnsworth is also the steward of the Farnsworth Homestead and the Olson House. The homestead is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was the home built for Wil-liam A. Farnsworth and his family. The Olson House, a National Historic Landmark, located in Cushing, ME, is the late 19th century farm that was home to Alvaro and Christina Olson and the inspiration for hundreds of works by Andrew Wyeth. These examples and many more high-light the importance of the Farnsworth Museum to the Maine community and all those who visit our great State. I applaud the Farnsworth Art Museum on their achievements over the past 70 years and look forward to their contin-ued success as a positive driving force in the State of Maine for many more years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATHERINE GLADITSCH ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Katherine Gladitsch, an in-tern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota over the past several weeks. Katherine is a graduate of Shanley High School in Fargo, ND. Currently, she is attending Augustana University in Sioux Falls, SD, where she is pur-suing degrees in political science, Spanish, and French. She is a hard worker who has been dedicated to get-ting the most out of her internship ex-perience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Katherine for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILL HANNEMANN ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Will Hannemann, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota over the past several weeks. Will is a graduate of Lincoln High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Currently, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.022 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5692 August 16, 2018 
he is attending Augustana University in Sioux Falls, SD, where he is pur-suing degrees in history, political science, and secondary education. He is a hard worker who has been dedicated to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Will for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RACHEL PARSONS ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Rachel Parsons, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota over the past several weeks. Rachel is a graduate of Philip High School in Philip, SD. Currently, she is attending Dakota Wesleyan University in Mitchell, SD, where she is pursuing degrees in English, history, and reli-gious studies. She is a hard worker who has been dedicated to getting the most out of her internship experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Rachel for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NICOLE SCHNEIDER ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Nicole Schneider, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota over the past several weeks. Nicole is a graduate of O’Gorman High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Cur-rently, she is attending the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, where she is pur-suing degrees in political science, glob-al studies, national security studies, and Russian. She is a hard worker who has been dedicated to getting the most out of her internship experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Nicole for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOGAN TORVE ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Logan Torve, an intern in my Rapid City, SD, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota over the past several weeks. Logan is a graduate of Crossroads Academy in Davidson, NC. Currently, he is attending Belmont Abbey College in Belmont, NC, where he is majoring in political philosophy. He is a hard worker who has been dedicated to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Logan for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ RECOGNIZING GREEN BANNER PUBLICATIONS ∑Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate Green Banner Publica-tions on their long and fruitful career in the publishing world. As a true fam-ily-owned business, the Green family has always served their customers as if they were one of their own. Their net-work of local and weekly newspapers delivered current events to more than 60,000 homes in southern Indiana. After 85 years of service, they have made the decision to close up shop and end all publications. I thank them for their longtime commitment, and I ap-preciate all of their hard work inform-ing thousands of Hoosiers in southern Indiana.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and withdrawals which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 2844. A bill to require the Surface Trans-portation Board to implement certain rec-ommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation (Rept. No. 115–322). By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–323). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: H.R. 4254. A bill to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration in-ternship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. W AR-
NER, and Mr. K AINE): S. 3350. A bill to designate a rest area on the Mount Vernon Trail as the ‘‘Peter B. Webster III Memorial Area’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 3351. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-porting Act to institute a 180-day waiting pe-riod before medical debt will be reported on a consumer’s credit report and to remove paid-off and settled medical debts from cred-it reports that have been fully paid or set-tled, to amend the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act to provide a timetable for verification of medical debt and to increase the efficiency of credit markets with more perfect information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. I NHOFE ): S. 3352. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations relating to commercial motor vehicle drivers under the age of 21, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. J ONES , Ms. H ARRIS , and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ): S. 3353. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require the Secretary to provide for the use of data from the second preceding tax year to carry out the sim-plification of applications for the estimation and determination of financial aid eligi-bility, to increase the income threshold to qualify for zero expected family contribu-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. P ORTMAN ): S. 3354. A bill to amend the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. S CHU-
MER, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. Res. 607. A resolution reaffirming the vital and indispensable role the free press serves; considered and agreed to. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. D AINES , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. K ING, Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mr. B URR): S. Res. 608. A resolution designating Au-gust 16, 2018, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Ms. C
OR-
TEZMASTO , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.021 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5693 August 16, 2018 
FISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S
MITH, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. Res. 609. A resolution relative to the death of Paul Laxalt, the former Governor and Senator of the State of Nevada; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recogni-tion of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , his name and the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 337 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 337, a bill to provide paid family and medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 1278 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1278, a bill to provide for the ad-mission of the State of Washington, D.C. into the Union. 
S. 1301 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. MENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1301, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1353 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1353, a bill to require States to automatically register eligible voters to vote in elections for Federal offices, and for other purposes. 
S. 1375 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1375, a bill to repeal sec-tion 3003 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
S. 1920 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1920, a bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to direct the Ad-ministrator of General Services to in-corporate bird-safe building materials and design features into public build-ings, and for other purposes. 
S. 2153 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2153, a bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to establish electric vehi-cle weight limitations, and for other purposes. 
S. 2271 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2271, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 2419 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2419, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to improve the technical and business assistance services under the SBIR and STTR programs. 
S. 2568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2568, a bill to amend sec-tion 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the indi-vidual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 2789 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2789, a bill to prevent sub-stance abuse and reduce demand for il-licit narcotics. 
S. 2792 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2792, a bill to modernize training programs at aviation maintenance technician schools. S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copy-right law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2843 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions to help com-bat the opioid crisis. 
S. 2961 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2961, a bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
S. 3051 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3051, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Transportation to establish a working group to study regulatory and legislative improvements for the live-stock, insect, and agricultural com-modities transport industries, and for other purposes. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3057, a bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain inter-national mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic in-formation on international mail ship-ments of mail. 
S. 3115 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3115, a bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to extend and modify the rural en-ergy savings program, and for other purposes. 
S. 3170 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3170, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting re-quirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation vis-ual depictions, and for other purposes. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Delaware 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.027 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5694 August 16, 2018 
(Mr. C OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 3181 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3181, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to include in periodic health assessments, separation history and physical examinations, and other as-sessments an evaluation of whether a member of the Armed Forces has been exposed to open burn pits or toxic air-borne chemicals, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3195 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3195, a bill to encourage greater community accountability of law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 3243 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3243, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iranian persons who engage in politically-motivated harassment, abuse, extortion, or extended detention or trial of individuals in Iran, and for other purposes. 
S. 3246 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3246, a bill to provide enhanced pro-tections for taxpayers from fraud and other illegal activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3257, a bill to im-pose sanctions on foreign persons re-sponsible for serious violations of international law regarding the protec-tion of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes. 
S. 3335 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3335, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, relating to sentencing of armed career criminals. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 220, a resolution ex-pressing solidarity with Falun Gong practitioners who have lost lives, free-doms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ harvesting, and for other purposes. S. RES. 481 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 481, a resolution calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to dismantle its labor camp sys-tem, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 522 
At the request of Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 522, a resolution des-ignating the week of September 23 through September 29, 2018 as ‘‘Gold Star Families Remembrance Week’’. 
S. RES. 525 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 525, a resolution designating September 2018 as National Democracy Month as a time to reflect on the contributions of the system of government of the United States to a more free and stable world. At the request of Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 525, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and Mr. P ORTMAN ): S. 3354. A bill to amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I am introducing a bill to update and extend the Missing Children’s As-sistance Act. Senators F
EINSTEIN , H
ATCH , KLOBUCHAR , and P ORTMAN have joined as original cosponsors, and I thank these colleagues for their sup-port. I also want to thank Congress-man B
RETT GUTHRIE and the chairman of the House Education Committee, V
IRGINIA FOXX, for championing a re-lated companion measure in the other chamber. The purpose of this bipartisan bill, entitled the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act of 2018, is to ensure the con-tinued availability of federal resources for the work of missing children’s orga-nizations such as the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Since its inception in 1984, the Na-tional Center has served as the official national resource center and clearing-house on missing and exploited chil-dren. The National Center works in partnership with State child protective services agencies to help locate chil-dren who go missing from foster care. It also works in partnership with fami-lies, schools, corporate and nonprofit entities, the FBI, the Marshals Service, and the Secret Service, as well as other federal state and local entities, to pre-vent child abductions and facilitate the recovery of children who may become victims of sex trafficking. Each year, thousands of children run away or go missing in the United States, which is why this work is so important. The names Johnny Gosch, Eugene Martin and Jetseta Gage, for example, still bring heartbreak to all Iowans. Johnny Gosch was a 12-year-old paper-boy delivering newspapers in West Des Moines, Iowa, when he disappeared in 1982. Two years later, 13-year-old Eu-gene Martin disappeared in Des Moines, Iowa—also while delivering news-papers. And 10-year-old Jetseta Gage was kidnapped, raped, and murdered by a convicted sex offender in rural John-son County, Iowa in 2005. Theirs are not isolated cases. Too many other children across the country have had to cope with the physical and emo-tional trauma of being abducted, traf-ficked or sexually exploited. Under the legislation that I have pro-posed, the Justice Department will continue to play an important role in implementing the Missing Children’s Assistance Act. Through its Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention, the Department will continue to annually award grants to the Na-tional Center and other nonprofit orga-nizations to further their important work of preventing and responding to offenses committed against vulnerable children. Extending this authorized funding at $40 million annually for five more years, as proposed in this bill, will ensure that the Office can con-tinue to support these nonprofit orga-nizations in their important efforts in public-private partnerships with fami-lies, private entities, and federal, state, local, and international law enforce-ment agencies. The bipartisan legislation I have sponsored also includes several impor-tant updates to the Missing Children’s Act, which Congress last reauthorized in 2013. Some of these reforms already are included in another bipartisan bill, known as the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act, which I sponsored and the Senate passed last year. Other changes would help in-crease public awareness of methods to prevent abductions and support the re-covery of missing children. The activities authorized by the Missing Children’s Assistance Act will expire on September 30th unless Con-gress acts quickly to adopt a reauthor-ization measure. As a parent, as a grandparent, I call on my colleagues to join me in supporting the prompt pas-sage of this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.030 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5695 August 16, 2018 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 607—RE-AFFIRMING THE VITAL AND IN-DISPENSABLE ROLE THE FREE PRESS SERVES Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 607 Whereas the First Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States protects the press from government control and suppres-sion; Whereas the freedom of the press— (1) has been recognized as integral to the democratic foundations of the United States since the beginning of the United States; and (2) has endured and been reaffirmed repeat-edly throughout the history of the United States; Whereas Benjamin Franklin in 1722 wrote, ‘‘Whoever would overthrow the Liberty of a Nation, must begin by subduing the Freeness of Speech.’’; Whereas Thomas Jefferson in 1786 wrote, ‘‘Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.’’; Whereas James Madison in 1789 introduced the freedom of the press in the Bill of Rights to the Constitution of the United States; Whereas James Madison based the freedom of the press on the Declaration of Rights of the Commonwealth of Virginia, which in 1776 declared, ‘‘The freedom of the Press is one of the greatest bulwarks of liberty, and can never be restrained but by despotic Govern-ments.’’; Whereas President Ronald Reagan pro-claimed August 4, 1985, as Freedom of the Press Day, stating that ‘‘Freedom of the press is one of our most important freedoms and also one of our oldest.’’; Whereas President Reagan also said, ‘‘Today, our tradition of a free press as a vital part of our democracy is as important as ever. The news media are now using mod-ern techniques to bring our citizens informa-tion not only on a daily basis but instanta-neously as important events occur. This flow of information helps make possible an in-formed electorate and so contributes to our national system of self-government.’’; Whereas Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in International Soc. for Krishna Conscious-ness, Inc. v. Lee, 505 U.S. 672 (1992), ‘‘The First Amendment is often inconvenient. But that is beside the point. Inconvenience does not absolve the government of its obligation to tolerate speech.’’; Whereas the United States Supreme Court also affirmed the history and intent of the freedom of the press in New York Times Co. v. United States, 403 U.S. 713 (1971), stating, ‘‘In the First Amendment, the Founding Fa-thers gave the free press the protection it must have to fulfill its essential role in our democracy. The press was to serve the gov-erned, not the governors. The Government’s power to censor the press was abolished so that the press would remain forever free to censure the Government. The press was pro-tected so that it could bare the secrets of government and inform the people. Only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government.’’; Whereas tyrannical and authoritarian gov-ernments and leaders throughout history have sought to undermine, censor, suppress, and control the press to advance their un-democratic goals and actions; and Whereas the United States, including the long-held commitment to and constitutional protection of the free press in the United States, has stood as a shining example of de-mocracy, self-government, and freedom for the world to emulate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate— (A) affirms that the press is not the enemy of the people; (B) reaffirms the vital and indispensable role that the free press serves to inform the electorate, uncover the truth, act as a check on the inherent power of the government, further national discourse and debate, and otherwise advance the most basic and cher-ished democratic norms and freedoms of the United States; and (C) condemns the attacks on the institu-tion of the free press and views efforts to systematically undermine the credibility of the press as an attack on the democratic in-stitutions of the United States; and (2) it is the sense of the Senate that it is the sworn responsibility of all who serve the United States by taking the oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States to uphold, cherish, and protect the entire Constitution, including the freedom of the press. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 608—DESIG-NATING AUGUST 16, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL AIRBORNE DAY’’ Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. D AINES , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. K ING, Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mr. B URR) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 608 Whereas the members of the airborne forces of the Armed Forces of the United States have a long and honorable history as bold and fierce warriors who, for the na-tional security of the United States and the defense of freedom and peace, project the ground combat power of the United States by air transport to the far reaches of the bat-tle area and to the far corners of the world; Whereas, on June 25, 1940, experiments with airborne operations by the United States began when the Army Parachute Test Platoon was first authorized by the Depart-ment of War; Whereas, in July 1940, 48 volunteers began training for the Army Parachute Test Pla-toon; Whereas August 16 marks the anniversary of the first official Army parachute jump, which took place on August 16, 1940, to test the innovative concept of inserting United States ground combat forces behind a battle line by means of a parachute; Whereas the success of the Army Para-chute Test Platoon in the days immediately before the entry of the United States into World War II validated the airborne oper-ational concept and led to the creation of a formidable force of airborne formations that included the 11th, 13th, 17th, 82nd, and 101st Airborne Divisions; Whereas, included in those divisions, and among other separate formations, were many airborne combat, combat support, and combat service support units that served with distinction and achieved repeated suc-cess in armed hostilities during World War II; Whereas the achievements of the airborne units during World War II prompted the evo-lution of those units into a diversified force of parachute and air-assault units that, over the years, have fought in Korea, Vietnam, Grenada, Panama, the Persian Gulf region, and Somalia, and have engaged in peace-keeping operations in Lebanon, the Sinai Pe-ninsula, the Dominican Republic, Haiti, Bos-nia, and Kosovo; Whereas, since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the members of the United States airborne forces, including members of the XVIII Airborne Corps, the 82nd Airborne Division, the 101st Airborne Division, the 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, the 4th Brigade Combat Team (Air-borne) of the 25th Infantry Division, the 75th Ranger Regiment, special operations forces of the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, and Air Force, and other units of the Armed Forces, have demonstrated bravery and honor in combat, stability, and training operations in Afghanistan and Iraq; Whereas the modern-day airborne forces also include other elite forces composed of airborne trained and qualified special oper-ations warriors, including Army Special Forces, Marine Corps Reconnaissance units, Navy SEALs, and Air Force combat control and pararescue teams; Whereas, of the members and former mem-bers of the United States airborne forces, thousands have achieved the distinction of making combat jumps, dozens have earned the Medal of Honor, and hundreds have earned the Distinguished Service Cross, the Silver Star, or other decorations and awards for displays of heroism, gallantry, intre-pidity, and valor; Whereas the members and former members of the United States airborne forces are all members of a proud and honorable tradition that, together with the special skills and achievements of those members, distin-guishes the members as intrepid combat parachutists, air assault forces, special oper-ation forces, and, in the past, glider troops; Whereas individuals from every State of the United States have served gallantly in the airborne forces, and each State is proud of the contributions of its paratrooper vet-erans during the many conflicts faced by the United States; Whereas the history and achievements of the members and former members of the United States airborne forces warrant spe-cial expressions of the gratitude of the peo-ple of the United States; and Whereas, since the airborne forces, past and present, celebrate August 16 as the anni-versary of the first official jump by the Army Parachute Test Platoon, August 16 is an appropriate day to recognize as National Airborne Day: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates August 16, 2018, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’; and (2) calls on the people of the United States to observe National Airborne Day with ap-propriate programs, ceremonies, and activi-ties. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 609—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF PAUL LAXALT, THE FORMER GOV-ERNOR AND SENATOR OF THE STATE OF NEVADA Mr. HELLER (for himself, Ms. C
OR-
TEZ MASTO , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.032 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5696 August 16, 2018 
CORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W AR-
NER, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 609 Whereas Paul Dominique Laxalt was born to Dominique Laxalt and Therese (Alpetche) Laxalt on August 2, 1922, at St. Mary’s Hos-pital in Reno, Nevada; Whereas Dominique Laxalt and Therese Laxalt were immigrants from the Basque re-gion in Europe; Whereas Dominique Laxalt was a sheep-herder and Therese Laxalt operated a family- owned hotel in Carson City, Nevada; Whereas Paul Laxalt was the oldest child and sibling to Robert, Suzanne, John, Marie, and Peter; Whereas Paul Laxalt attended Carson High School, where he was student body president and played on the 1938 State basketball champion team; Whereas Paul Laxalt served his country in the United States Army as a medic during World War II and saw action at the Battle of Leyte in the Philippines; Whereas Paul Laxalt married Jackalyn Ross in 1946 and had 6 children: Gail, Sheila, Michelle, Kevin, Kathleen, and John Paul; Whereas Paul Laxalt attended Santa Clara University and graduated from law school at the University of Denver in 1949; Whereas Paul Laxalt served as district at-torney for Ormsby County, Nevada, from 1951 to 1954; Whereas Paul Laxalt served as Nevada Lieutenant Governor from 1963 to 1967; Whereas Paul Laxalt ran for the United States Senate in 1964 but lost by 48 votes; Whereas Paul Laxalt served as Governor of the State of Nevada from 1967 to 1971; Whereas, as Governor of the State of Ne-vada, Paul Laxalt— (1) formed the first community colleges and began the first medical school in Ne-vada; (2) helped develop the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency to protect and preserve Lake Tahoe; (3) advanced the gaming industry in Ne-vada; (4) expanded the park system; and (5) in 1968, appointed Reverend William Wynn to be Director of the Office of Eco-nomic Opportunity, who was the first Afri-can American in Nevada to serve in the cabi-net of a governor; Whereas, in 1975, Paul Laxalt married Carol Wilson, who had a daughter, Denise, who he adopted; Whereas Paul Laxalt served as United States Senator for the State of Nevada from 1974 to 1987; Whereas Paul Laxalt was known as ‘‘the first friend’’ to President Ronald Reagan; Whereas Paul Laxalt served as presidential campaign chairman for Ronald Reagan in 1976, 1980, and 1984; Whereas Paul Laxalt served as General Chairman of the Republican National Com-mittee from 1983 to 1987; Whereas Paul Laxalt ran for the Repub-lican presidential nomination in 1987; Whereas Paul Laxalt served as presidential campaign advisor to George H.W. Bush in 1988; Whereas Paul Laxalt served as presidential campaign advisor to Senator Bob Dole in 1996; Whereas Paul Laxalt was a partner in a New York-based law firm and a successor law firm, Laxalt, Washington, Perito & Dubuc, and also formed a government consulting firm known as the Paul Laxalt Group; and Whereas the State of Nevada and the United States are deeply indebted to Paul Laxalt for his lifelong dedication to public service and commitment to improving the lives of all of the people of the State of Ne-vada and the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate— (A) has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the announcement of the death of the Honorable Paul Laxalt, former Mem-ber of the United States Senate; (B) extends deepest condolences and grati-tude to the family of Paul Laxalt; and (C) honors the legacy and life of Paul Lax-alt, his commitment to the people of the State of Nevada and the United States, and his service to the Senate; (2) the Secretary of the Senate commu-nicate this resolution to the House of Rep-resentatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the deceased; and (3) when the Senate adjourns today, it stands adjourned as a further mark of re-spect to the memory of the late Paul Laxalt. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3699. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. S HELBY ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. SA 3700. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3701. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3702. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. K
AINE, and Ms. H ARRIS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3703. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3704. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3705. Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ(for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) pro- posed an amendment to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, supra. SA 3706. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mrs. F ISCH-
ER(for herself, Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. S CHATZ )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, supra. SA 3707. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3708. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3709. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3710. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3711. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3712. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3713. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3714. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3715. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3716. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3717. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3718. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3719. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3720. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3721. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3722. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3723. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3724. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.034 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5697 August 16, 2018 
SA 3725. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3726. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3727. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3728. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3729. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3730. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3731. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS )) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3732. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3699. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. S
HELBY ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion A under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’, strike ‘‘$7,503,000’’ and insert ‘‘$8,503,000’’. 
SA 3700. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. Of the amount appropriated by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, up to $10,000,000 may be available for POW/MIA identification within the Defense Personnel Accounting Agency. 
SA 3701. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. Section 2 of Public Law 85–236 (71 Stat. 517) is amended in the first sentence by inserting after ‘‘for other military pur-poses’’ the following: ‘‘, or for homeless as-sistance purposes’’. SA 3702. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. K AINE, and Ms. H ARRIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made available by this division under the heading ‘‘O
PERATION AND MAINTE -
NANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE’’, up to $20,000,000 may be available for the defense community in-frastructure pilot program under section 2391(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 3703. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) There are appropriated under the heading ‘‘Mental Health’’ under the heading ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services’’, in addition to any other amounts made available under such heading and in order to provide additional funding for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, $2,802,000. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated under the heading ‘‘Substance Abuse Treat-ment’’ under the heading ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services’’ is hereby re-duced by $2,802,000. 
SA 3704. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Oper-ation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used for the establishment of the headquarters of the Army Futures Command. 
SA 3705. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M
ENENDEZ (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion B insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) There is appropriated under the heading ‘‘National Institute for Occupa-tional Safely and Health’’ under the heading ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion’’, in addition to any other amounts made available under such heading, $1,000,000 to implement the Firefighter Cancer Reg-istry Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–194). (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated under the heading ‘‘General Departmental Management’’ under the heading ‘‘Office of the Secretary’’ is hereby reduced by $1,000,000. SA 3706. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mrs. F
ISCHER (for herself, Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. S CHATZ )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) The amount appropriated by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ is hereby increased by $10,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for POW/MIA identification within the Defense Personnel Accounting Agency. (b) The amount appropriated by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide’’ is hereby decreased by $10,000,000. 
SA 3707. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion B insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) There are appropriated under the heading ‘‘Environmental Health’’ under the heading ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,’’ in addition to any other amounts made available under such heading, $1,000,000 to implement section 399V–6(c) of the PHS Act. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated under the heading ‘‘National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health’’ under the heading ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’ is hereby reduced by $1,000,000. 
SA 3708. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. The Secretary of Defense shall enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to study the feasibility of, and develop rec-ommendations for, the establishment of an inland testing and space corridor, including point-to-point transit of vehicles at hypersonic speeds, that can use existing military test ranges, spaceports, and their suite of sensors with minimal effect on com-mercial airspace. 
SA 3709. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.038 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5698 August 16, 2018 
appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. DOCUMENTATION OF INFORMATION ON BLAST EXPOSURES IN SERVICE RECORDS OF MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with such guidance as the Secretary of Defense shall issue for purposes of this section, each Sec-retary of a military department shall include in the military service records of members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary appropriate documentation of information on any blasts to which such members are exposed during service in the Armed Forces (whether in combat or train-ing), including the following: (1) The month and year of exposure. (2) The severity of the exposure, which may include the blast pressure experienced during exposure and other features as deter-mined by the Secretary. (3) Whether exposure occurred during com-bat or training. (4) Whether a weapon was the source of the blast, and, if so, the type of weapon. (5) Such other information on the exposure as the Secretary of Defense shall specify in the guidance. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services House of Representatives a report on blast pressure exposure of members of the Armed Forces during— (A) with respect to the initial report, the one-year period ending on the date of such report; and (B) with respect to each subsequent report, the two-year period ending on the date of such report. (2) I
NFORMATION FROM SERVICE RECORDS .— Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include summary descriptions of the in-formation specified in each paragraph of sub-section (a) that was included in the records of such members during the period covered by such report. 
SA 3710. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘O
PERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , D EFENSE -WIDE’’, up to $4,000,000 may be available to carry out sec-tion 1652 of the John S. McCain National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. 
SA 3711. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: SEC. lll. (a) The amount appropriated by title IV of this division under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evalua-tion, Air Force’’ is hereby increased by $1,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for Aerospace Vehicle Tech-nologies (PE 0602201F) for research and devel-opment on human-machine teaming. (b) The amount appropriated by title IV of this division under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’ is hereby decreased by $1,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be applied against amounts available for Contracting Information Technology System (PE 0901410F). 
SA 3712. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion B, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT CONCERNING THE EFFECTS OF STATE LEGALIZED MARIJUANA PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in coordination with the Department of Justice, the Department of Labor, and (to the greatest extent pos-sible) with relevant State agencies respon-sible for health programs and activities in States that have legalized marijuana for me-dicinal or non-medicinal use, shall enter into a 10-year arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences— (1) to complete a study, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and to update such study on a biennial basis thereafter for the duration of the ar-rangement period, on the effects of State le-galized marijuana programs on the economy, public health, criminal justice, and employ-ment in the respective States; (2) upon the completion of the initial study pursuant to paragraph (1) and upon each up-date to the study, to prepare or update a re-port on the results of such study and submit such report to the Congress; and (3) not later than 30 days after the date of submission of the initial report under para-graph (2), develop and publish best practices on data collection under subsection (e). (b) S
TUDY CONSIDERATIONS .—The study pur-suant to subsection (a)(1) shall consider the effects of State legalized marijuana pro-grams, including yearly rates and trends over the course of the study under such sub-section, with respect to the following: (1) R
EVENUES AND STATE ALLOCATIONS .— (A) The monetary amounts generated through revenues, taxes, and any other fi-nancial benefits. (B) The purposes and relative amounts for which these funds were used. (C) The total impact on the State and its budget. (2) M
EDICINAL USE OF MARIJUANA .— (A) The rates of medicinal use among dif-ferent population groups, including children, the elderly, veterans, and individuals with disabilities. (B) The purpose of such use. (C) Which medical conditions medical marijuana is most frequently purchased and used for. (3) S
UBSTANCE USE .— (A) The rates of overdoses with opioids and other painkillers. (B) The rates of admission in health care facilities, emergency rooms, and volunteer treatment facilities related to overdoses with opioids and other painkillers. (C) The rates of opioid-related and other painkiller-related crimes to one’s self and to the community. (D) The rates of opioid prescriptions and other pain killers. (c) STUDY TIMEFRAME .—The study pursuant to subsection (a)(1) shall consider the data collected and analyzed in connection with the items listed in subsection (b) in the re-spective States to the extent possible across the period— (1) beginning 5 years before the effective date of legalization of marijuana in the State; and (2) ending on a date determined by the Na-tional Academy of Sciences to allow collec-tion and analysis of the most recent data available. (d) R
EPORT CONTENTS .—Reports pursuant to subsection (a)(2) shall— (1) address both State programs that have legalized marijuana for medicinal use and those that have legalized marijuana for adult non-medicinal use and to the extent prac-ticable distinguish between such programs and their effects; (2) include a national assessment of aver-age trends across States with such programs in relation to the effects on economy, public health, criminal justice, and employment in the respective States, including with respect to the items listed in subsection (b); and (3) describe— (A) any barriers that impeded the ability to complete or update aspects of the study required by subsection (a)(1) and how such barriers can be overcome for purposes of fu-ture studies; and (B) any gaps in the data sought for the study required by subsection (a)(1) and how these gaps can be eliminated or otherwise addressed for purposes of future studies. (e) B
ESTPRACTICES FOR DATA COLLECTION  
BYSTATES .—The best practices pursuant to subsection (a)(3) shall consist of best prac-tices for the collection by States of the in-formation described in the items listed in subsection (b), including such best practices for improving— (1) data collection; (2) analytical capacity; (3) research integrity; and (4) the comparability of data across States. 
SA 3713. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $9,700,000 shall be available for reimbursement, notwith-standing any other provision of law, of the Government of Palau for land acquisition costs for defense sites. 
SA 3714. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. ll. From amount appropriated under this title, not less than the amount appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for Victims of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.037 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5699 August 16, 2018 
Trafficking programs shall be allocated to continue carrying out the SOAR (Stop, Ob-serve, Ask, Respond) to Health and Wellness Program to train health care and social serv-ice providers on how to identify, treat, and respond appropriately to human trafficking. 
SA 3715. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In title III of division B, under the heading ‘‘
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION ’’, under the head-ing ‘‘DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT’’ strike ‘‘$430,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$427,234,000’’. In title III of division B, under the heading ‘‘HIGHER EDUCATION’’, strike the period at the end and add the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That of the funds referred to in the first proviso under this heading, $35,000,000 be provided for Strengthening Tribal Col-leges under part A of title III of the Higher Education Act of 1965.’’. 
SA 3716. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 199, line 3, insert before the period the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That up to $1,000,000 shall be used for awarding grants for the purchase and implementation of tele-health services, including pilots and dem-onstrations for the use of electronic health records or other necessary technology and equipment (including ultra sound machines or other technology and equipment that is useful for caring for pregnant women) to co-ordinate obstetric care between pregnant women living in rural areas and obstetric care providers’’. 
SA 3717. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. Of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, up to $1,000,000 may be used to sustain morale, welfare, and recre-ation (MWR) facilities that— (1) have been closed as a result of flooding, an earthquake, a wildfire, or a volcanic event in 2018; (2) have furloughed or put employees on administrative leave in connection with such closure; and (3) have used revenue or operating reserves to pay operation and maintenance expenses during such closure. 
SA 3718. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) Using funds appropriated or otherwise made available to such Secretary from funds described in subsection (b), the Secretary of the military department con-cerned shall prioritize the use of sustainment, restoration, and modernization funds in order to restore and reopen Morale, Welfare, and Recreation (MWR) facilities that have been damaged, closed, or otherwise impacted as a result of flooding, an earth-quake, a wildfire, or a volcanic event in 2018. (b) The funds described in this subsection are the following: (1) Funds appropriated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’. (2) Funds appropriated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’. (3) Funds appropriated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Ma-rine Corps’’. (4) Funds appropriated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’. 
SA 3719. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making appro-priations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall issue a formal policy, applicable Department of Defense-wide, re-quiring that any determination after the date of issuance of the policy on whether to permit or continue to permit a financial in-stitution to operate on a military installa-tion of the Department of Defense shall take into account, in such manner as the Sec-retary shall specify for purposes of the pol-icy, the nature and scope of any order against the financial institution by an agen-cy included on the Financial Institutions Ex-amination Council in section 1004 of the Fed-eral Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3303(a)), the De-partment of Justice, or a State attorney gen-eral to pay a fine or take remedial action for a violation of a consumer protection law in-volving members of the Armed Forces or their dependents. 
SA 3720. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making appro-priations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) This section may be cited as the ‘‘Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act’’. (b) Section 305(a) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3955) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
BYLESSEE ’’; (2) in the heading for paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘I
N GENERAL ’’and inserting ‘‘T ERMI-
NATION BY LESSEE ’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) DEATH OF LESSEE .—The spouse of the lessee on a lease described in subsection (b)(1) may terminate the lease during the one-year period beginning on the date of the death of the lessee, if the lessee dies while in military service or while performing full- time National Guard duty, active Guard and Reserve duty, or inactive-duty training (as such terms are defined in section 101(d) of title 10, United States Code).’’. 
SA 3721. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title III of divi-sion B, under the heading ‘‘Student Aid Ad-ministration’’, insert the following before the period: ‘‘: Provided further, That funds ap-propriated under this heading may be avail-able for payments for student loan servicing to an institution of higher education that services outstanding Federal Perkins Loans under part E of title IV of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq.)’’. 
SA 3722. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. lll. The Secretary of Defense shall post on a public Website in a searchable for-mat awards of grants of the Department of Defense that are appropriate for public no-tice. 
SA 3723. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, from amounts appropriated or otherwise made available by this division under the heading ‘‘O
PERATION AND MAINTE -
NANCE , AIRFORCE ’’, the Secretary of Defense may reimburse the Government of the Re-public of Palau an amount not to exceed $9,700,000 for land acquisition costs for de-fense sites. 
SA 3724. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated under this division shall be made available to carry out enrollment activities with re-spect to qualified health plans under title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.040 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5700 August 16, 2018 
Care Act (Public law 111-148) until such time as the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies to Congress that the Administrator has con-ducted a fraud risk assessment, consistent with best practices provided in the Govern-ment Accountability Office’s framework for managing fraud risks in Federal programs, of the potential for fraud in the process of en-rolling in qualified health plans through the Federal insurance marketplace 
SA 3725. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available by this division may be used to make payment or otherwise provide funding to any contractor or subcontractor under a contract with the Department of Defense which has an out-standing debt under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for which a notice of lien has been filed in public records pursuant to sec-tion 6323 of such Code or is otherwise not in compliance with Federal tax filing and pay-ment requirements. 
SA 3726. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. lll. No funds made available under this Act may be used to give raises to em-ployees of the Department of Labor until the Secretary of Labor has submitted a detailed report to Congress about a plan of the Sec-retary— (1) to reduce improper payments made by the Department of Labor; and (2) that outlines any barriers to the reduc-tion described in paragraph (1) that would re-quire Congressional action to resolve. 
SA 3727. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Islamic Republic of Iran unless specifi-cally appropriated for that purpose. 
SA 3728. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: SEC. lll. (a) In the event of a lapse in appropriations, any provision of law making amounts available for pay and allowances of members of the Armed Forces on active duty during the lapse shall be deemed to also make such amounts available for pay and al-lowances of members of the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces during the lapse. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘lapse in ap-propriations’’ means any portion of a fiscal year during which the appropriation bill for the fiscal year for the Department of Defense or the Department of Homeland Security, as applicable, has not become law and an Act or joint resolution making continuing appro-priations for the fiscal year is not in effect. 
SA 3729. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this division, the amount appro-priated under this division is reduced by 1 percent, through a pro rata reduction in each account to which funds are appropriated under this division. 
SA 3730. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) I NGENERAL .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this Act may be made available either directly, through a State (including through managed care con-tracts with a State), or through any other means, to a prohibited entity. (b) P
ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohib-ited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics— (1) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (A) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; (B) is an essential community provider de-scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-ductive health, and related medical care; and (C) performs, or provides any funds to any other entity that performs abortions, other than an abortion performed— (i) in the case of a pregnancy that is the re-sult of an act of rape or incest; or (ii) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life endangering physical condition caused by, or arising from, the pregnancy itself; and (2) for which the total amount of Federal grants to such entity, including grants to any affiliates, subsidiaries, or clinics of such entity, under title X of the Public Health Service Act in fiscal year 2016 exceeded $23,000,000. (c)(1) END OF PROHIBITION .—The definition in subsection (b) shall cease to apply to an entity if such entity certifies that it, includ-ing its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clinics, will not perform, and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs, an abortion as described in sub-section (b)(1)(C). (2) R
EPAYMENT .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall seek repayment of any Federal assistance received by any enti-ty that had made a certification described in paragraph (1) and subsequently violated the terms of such certification. 
SA 3731. Mr. ROUNDS (for Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. R OUNDS )) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII of di-vision A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Of the amount appropriated by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’’, up to $2,000,000 may be available for a program to commemorate the 75th anniver-sary of World War II. 
SA 3732. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3695 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion B insert the following: S
EC. ll. Not later than September 30, 2018, the Secretary shall provide, to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives, a status update on the rulemaking re-quired under sections 3001(c)(5)(D), and 3022(a)(3), of the PHS Act. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, August 16, 2018, at 9:45 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communica-tions Commission.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.043 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5701 August 16, 2018 
during the session of the Senate on Thursday, August 16, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, August 16, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, August 16, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomination of David Hale, of New Jersey, to be an Under Secretary of State Political Affairs. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, August 16, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing on the following nominations of Lynda Blanchard, of Alabama, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Slo-venia, Dereck J. Hogan, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Moldova, Kathleen Ann Kavalec, of California, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Albania, Philip S. Kosnett, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Kosovo, and Judy Rising Reinke, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to Montenegro, all of the Department of State. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, August 16, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Ryan Doug-las Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Cir-cuit, Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, Gary Richard Brown, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Rachel P. Kovner, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, Stephen R. Clark, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Missouri, Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York, John M. O’Connor, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern, Eastern and Western Districts of Oklahoma, John L. Sinatra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, Joshua Wolson, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, James W. Carroll, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of National Drug Control Pol-icy, and Ariana Fajardo Orshan, to be United States Attorney for the South-ern District of Florida, Department of Justice. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, August 16, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a closed hearing. PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATIONS  
The Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, August 16, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Efforts to Protect Unaccompanied Alien Chil-dren from Human Trafficking and Abuse.’’ 
f 
NATIONAL AIRBORNE DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 608, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 608) designating Au-gust 16, 2018, as ‘‘National Airborne Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF PAUL LAXALT, THE FORMER GOVERNOR AND SENATOR OF THE STATE OF NEVADA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 609, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 609) relative to the death of Paul Laxalt, the former Governor and Senator of the State of Nevada. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, August 20; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; that following leader re-marks, the Senate resume consider-ation of H.R. 6157 under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 2018, AT 3 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order under the provisions of S. Res. 609. There being no objection, the Senate, at 4:33 p.m., adjourned under the pre-vious order and pursuant to S. Res. 609 until Monday, August 20, 2018, at 3 p.m. and has done so as a further mark of respect for former Senator Paul Lax-alt. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
WILLIAM BOOKLESS, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE PRINCIPAL DEPUTY ADMINISTRATOR, NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECU-RITY ADMINISTRATION, VICE MADELYN R. CREEDON. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
THOMAS MCCAFFERY, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE JONATHAN WOODSON, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL SUPPLEMENTARY MEDICAL INSURANCE  
TRUST FUND  
JAMES B. LOCKHART III, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE FEDERAL SUPPLEMENTARY MEDICAL INSURANCE TRUST FUND FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE CHARLES P. BLAHOUS III, TERM EXPIRED. 
FEDERAL HOSPITAL INSURANCE TRUST FUND  
JAMES B. LOCKHART III, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE FEDERAL HOSPITAL INSURANCE TRUST FUND FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE CHARLES P. BLAHOUS III, TERM EX-PIRED. 
FEDERAL OLD –AGE AND SURVIVORS INSURANCE  
TRUST FUND  
JAMES B. LOCKHART III, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE FEDERAL OLD–AGE AND SURVIVORS INSURANCE TRUST FUND AND THE FEDERAL DISABILITY INSURANCE TRUST FUND FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE CHARLES P. BLAHOUS III, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MARY ELIZABETH TAYLOR, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS), VICE MARY KIRTLEY WATERS, RESIGNING. DONALD ARMIN BLOME, OF ILLINOIS, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TUNISIA. CRAIG LEWIS CLOUD, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF BOTSWANA. JUDITH GAIL GARBER, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CA-REER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS. DENNIS B. HANKINS, OF MINNESOTA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MALI. SIMON HENSHAW, OF MASSACHUSETTS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF GUINEA. MICHAEL S. KLECHESKI, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MONGOLIA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.044 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5702 August 16, 2018 
WILLIAM H. MOSER, OF NORTH CAROLINA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF KAZAKHSTAN. W. PATRICK MURPHY, OF VERMONT, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF CAMBODIA. MICHAEL PETER PELLETIER, OF MAINE, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MADAGASCAR, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNION OF THE COMOROS. ROBERT K. SCOTT, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MALAWI. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
RONALD D. VITIELLO, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE SARAH R. SALDANA. 
PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  
BOARD  
ADITYA BAMZAI, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 29, 2020, VICE ELISEBETH COLLINS COOK, RESIGNING. TRAVIS LEBLANC, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 29, 2022, VICE JAMES XA-VIER DEMPSEY, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be major 
TODD A. BIALOWAS ROSEMARY A. CITIZEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JONATHAN W. BEICH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ROLAND W. NASH 
To be major 
MICHAEL A. DUMPERT KRISTI L. HOPP ALBERT K. KOERNER TAMMY R. KRITZER KELLY E. MILLER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
JAN K. BEHN KEVIN D. BOATES DANIEL N. BREWER SCOTT J. HARTMAN CHRISTOPHER S. JENSEN TERRAND J. LAW CHRIS MILETELLO JACK M. MUSHALLO CARRIE L. PEREZ MATTHEW J. STRUB CARLOS G. TORRESFEBUS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
TAYLOR M. LEE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ROBERT A. DEITZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER E. BARTON ANTHONY F. BEATMAN BRIAN S. CREECH BRIAN P. HOWELL JOSEPH F. KILCULLEN ROBERT J. LAGROU JOSEPH D. LEAR MELISSA E. MASON SCOTT L. MEYERS ERIC A. RANT SONDRA M. SMITH JEFFREY D. WOOD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
JAMES M. SMITH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JEFFREY S. HARTSELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CARL C. GRAMSTORFF THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
CHARLES L. ANDERSON CLAIRE L. ANDERSON NIKKI L. ARAGONA MARCUS W. ASAY, JR. DAVID J. AXELROD DANIEL W. BANKS ANNE E. BARNES MITCHELL E. BECKER JORDAN L. BELL JULIE A. BENJAMIN GEORGE A. BITAR DANIEL J. BROCKWAY SCOTT T. BROWN ANDREW J. CALLAHAN ESTHER S. CHOO DEAN CHUENKLUNG BOBBY J. CHUN DEBRA L. CHURCH CLINT S. CONNER WESLEY K. COWAN BARRON N. DAVIS RIAZ J. DINI THOMAS J. ELIAS CHRISTOPHER N. EVANS WENDY S. FOSTER DAVID J. GASPER SERGEY GAZAROV KIRK C. GOEBEL TINA L. GRAY JUSTIN L. GRIMES NATHAN M. HARPER GEORGE L. HAUSER STEPHANIE L. HELMUS JUSTIN M. HOAG JENNIFER M. HOMER JASMINE Y. IM AARON A. INNES KEITH D. JACKSON STONA R. JACKSON KERIN M. JAMISON JOSEPH M. JANKOVICH STEVEN L. JOHNSON JOBIN JOSEPH WESLEY K. KARLSON AUJIN KIM PETER M. KIM JAMES L. KOEHLER, JR. JOHN K. KREIDER IN H. KWON O D. KWON LINDSEY D. LALONDE MARK G. LAMBORN ALYSON N. LASATER KEVIN M. LASSITER JAMES H. LEALE DIANA LOPEZ RYAN N. MALAN SARA E. MANDELL LISA K. MCEVOY RACHAEL L. MICHALAK ROLAND O. MIGUEL STEPHANIE L. MILLER THOMAS K. MILLSTEAD RACHEL E. MISURACA TAE Y. MOON MICHAEL A. MOONEY JAINISHA R. PATEL NISHA S. PATEL JUSTIN PEEPLES JAMES L. PHILLIPS JUSTICE G. PILGRIM VICTORIA RA CAITLIN M. REDDY CHRISTOPHER J. ROHE SANG S. ROW BRITTANY K. RUDLOSKY ZACHARY D. RUSSELL AUSTIN W. SCHAAR JENNIFER R. SCHLESINGER CARLEEN B. SELLS DANIEL J. SHARPSTEIN MICHAEL M. SHIN KEVIN J. SHIVELY, JR. MICHAEL P. SILVA KOURTNEY A. SIMPSON GRIFFIN B. SONSTEGARD ANDREW R. STEIDLEY ELIJAH H. STEPHENS THOMAS P. SUITT SAMUEL Z. TANNER MATTHEW E. TICICH DIONDRE L. VENABLE CLEO B. VIDICAN TRINH H. N. VO JAKE T. WILDING BRANDON J. WOLF GREGORY W. WRIGHT II JIN J. XUE CHANG M. R. YIM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be major 
CHAD C. ADAMS WILLIAM A. ADAMS MONSUR ALI TYLER A. ANDEREGG JOHN D. ANDERSEN CALEB W. ANDERSON CRAIG P. ANDERSON DAVID L. ANDERSON DORIAN M. ANDERSON SARAH K. ANISOWICZ TAKOR B. ARREYMBI LAURA S. A. BALL ANTHONY P. BASEL CLAUDIA BECERRILCLAS STEPHANIE A. BERDY DANIEL W. BESS ZACHARY J. BEVIS BRANDON J. A. BIVENS CHARLES R. BLACKWELL NOEL S. BLANCO GILDA M. BOBELE ANDREW A. BOMBARDIER SHAWN E. BOOMSMA DAVID R. BOWMAN CRYSTAL M. BREIGHNER BRITTANY J. BROOKS COLIN D. BROWN DEREK J. BROWN ROBERT D. BRUCE III MATTHEW A. BUBNIS TIFFANY A. BUJAK JASON N. BUTLER KATHERINE A. CARLISLE REBECCA J. CARO KATHERINE H. CARROLL PRISCILLA K. CHA ANDREW P. CHAMBERLIN ANTHONY CHARMFOROUSH CHRISTOPHER S. CHAVARRIA CHRISTOPHER S. CHEN ANDY CHERN CASEY M. CHERN SEAN P. CHISLETT RENFORD CINDASS, JR. CAROLINE C. CLARK TIMOTHY A. CLEM EDGIE M. A. CO ANDREW D. COGGIN DAISY E. CONDUAH STUART F. CONNER SALLY A. COREY BRIAN M. CORLISS JENNIFER M. CORNWELL STEPHANIE A. COUCH DAVID W. L. COWART ERIK T. CRIMAN TIMOTHY J. H. CURLETT STEPHEN E. CURTIS AARON C. DAHLIN SCOTT S. DALANE CHRISTOPHER M. DANIELS NATHAN L. DAVIDSON DUSTIN K. DAVIS PANFILO C. DELACRUZ EMMANUEL DIAZPEREZ CODY F. DICKSON WILLIAM F. DIRKES MEGAN L. DONAHUE ASHLEYRAE DONALD GUY S. DOOLEY IV DIANA L. DOUGHERTY JORGE DROZBERMUDEZ TIMOTHY J. DUCEY CHASE A. DUKES STEPHEN N. DUNAY RICHARD M. DURBIN BRANDON T. ECCLES TREVOR B. ECHELMEIER ELIZABETH A. EGITTO JOHN W. EVANS III EVAN C. EWERS RACHEL C. FALKNER JOHN P. FANNING ASHLEIGH S. FELPEL JOSHUA L. FENDERSON BRANDON M. FETTEROLF CYRIL O. FIDER TUESDAY F. FISHER SCOTT A. FLEMING JOHN L. FLETCHER DAVID M. FLICK BRUCE A. FRASER PAUL T. FREEMAN MATTHEW J. FULTS ROBERT M. GAETA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.014 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5703 August 16, 2018 
JACK C. GALAGAN WILLIAM B. GAMBLE II SHAWN M. GEE ELIZABETH J. GELNER THOMAS S. GERALD VII ASHLEY J. GILBERT CHAD S. GORBATKIN LEANNA L. GORDON AMANDA M. GOSS SARAH E. GOSS JASON A. GREGORY MATTHEW J. GREVE JORDAN L. GUICE JENNIFER A. GUYANT RYAN D. HALEY JAMES D. HAMM NICHOLAS M. HANNA NATHAN P. HANNEMANN BRETT M. HANSEN DAVID B. HANSEN CORINNE A. HARVEY MAXINE A. HARVEY JAMES C. HAUG JOSHUA M. HAUSER DEVON N. HAWKINS MICHAEL P. HAWKINSON LAURA E. HEHN DAVID C. HENLEY DANIEL J. HILES PHILLIP B. HITCHCOCK CLINTON R. HOLADAY ARTHUR W. HOLTZCLAW NICHOLAS P. HOPSON GAELEN R. HORNE JOSEPH W. HOWELLS COLLIN G. HU JERRY S. HU IAN L. HUDSON MIN J. HWANG JOEL A. HYDUKE AMANDA M. JACKSON ANDREW T. JACKSON KAYLA M. JAEGER LEE S. JAMISON KARMON M. JANSSEN KEYONNA M. JENKINS CHRISTIAN G. JENSEN ASHLEY R. JONES RACHEL M. JONES RYAN M. JONES TANEISHIA S. JONES KEVIN M. JORDAN NATHAN A. JORDAN MATTHEW H. KATZ ANDREW S. KAUFMAN JEFFREY T. KAY JOSEPH A. KELLY MATTHEW C. KELLY MOLLY E. KELLY SEAN P. KELLY LAURA M. KENNEDY MAURICE I. KHAYAT JOHN L. KILEY NOAH S. KIM TESSA J. KLINKHARDT RILEY M. R. KONARA ERIKA R. KORINKE BENJAMIN M. KRAININ BENJAMIN M. KRISTOBAK NICHOLAS A. KUSNEZOV KATHRYN J. LAGO MICHAEL S. LALLEMAND JORDAN D. LANE JASON T. LANNING AMANDA J. LASKA ILYA V. LATYSHENKO JOSHUA E. LEFLER ELISE A. LEISINGER JESSICA A. LENTSCHER TIANYI LI MARK S. LINCOLN JOAQUIN A. R. LLADO AMANDA L. LONG DANIELLE J. LOSPINOSO CARA A. LUCAS SEAN M. LUTMER DEREK D. MAI CRYSTAL B. MAIURI JASON D. MALLOW KYLA M. MARTIN ROGELIO MARTINEZ II MARIAMA A. MASSAQUOI CORY M. MATHIAS PATRICK J. MATTHEWS BRIAN C. MCCARTHY JOHN M. MCCLELLAN IAN C. MCINNIS MICHAEL J. MCMAHON ROBERT C. MCMURRAY SARAH S. MCNAIR HECTOR A. MEDINA JAMES D. MEGA STEPHEN M. MELNYK VLADIMIR MEZHIRITSKY RYAN J. MICHEL LISA MITCHELL DONALD M. MOE CLINT J. MOORE MALIA J. MOORE BENJAMIN R. MORANG ZORANA MRSIC IAN A. MULLIKIN JESSICA H. MULLINS LUKE R. C. MURPHY ANTHONY T. MUSTOVICH JENNIFER MYAENG DANIELLE E. NEAL NICOLE K. NELSON KATIE NEUMAYER RYAN K. NEWBERRY MAURICEBACH P. NGUYEN JONATHAN M. NOVOTNEY DAVID Y. M. ONG KYLE T. PACKER WYATT R. PALMER JACOB H. PALUBICKI ANDREW W. PARLIN ARLENE D. PARSONS ADAM R. PATTYN HOLLY K. PAYNE JONATHAN H. PAYNE MARK M. PENCE KATHERINE D. PERCY LOGAN C. PETERSON HO P. N. PHAM RICHARD R. PIERCE WILLIAM B. PITTS ANTON N. QUIST LAUREN A. RABY ERIC T. RASCHKE HOLLY M. RATAICZAK DANIEL H. REED JESSICA L. REEVES NICHOLAS J. RENSING ROBERT J. REYES AMY D. RICE CARLY R. N. RICHARDS SEAN W. RICHARDSON DAVID L. ROBINSON MARK S. ROBINSON MATTHEW J. ROBLES NINA RODRIGUEZ KRISTEN A. ROMANELLI ROBERT C. ROOT JOSEPH J. SALAMA ERICH R. SCHOENMAN JOSEPH T. SCHOLZ JAMIE A. SEIDL DAVID P. SHAHA KENNETH A. SHAW LISA SHAW AKIRA A. SHISHIDO CAITLIN M. SLEDGE JENNIFER M. SLOWIK ANDREW T. SLYE CHARLTON A. SMITH JOSHUA P. SMITH KYLE R. SMITH MEGHAN E. SMITH LISA M. SNOW SUNGJIN A. SONG ANDREW J. SOOHOO BRIAN K. SPARKMAN LOREN C. STANDLEE MATTHEW J. STEIN DEVON L. STEVENS WILLIAM A. STEVENS MICHAEL D. STOCKIN KATHERINE A. STOLPER BENJAMIN F. STORK ELIZABETH A. SUNIEGA JEFFREY C. TEIXEIRA BENJAMIN S. TELSEY ISAAC R. THIMMESCH REI D. THOMAS MATTHEW R. TIMLIN ALLISON M. TOMICH ERIN L. TOMPKINS CRAIG A. TORK BAIR E. TSYTSIK BONNIE B. TULK MELISSA M. VANDELLEN CECILY K. VANDERSPURT NANCY M. VAUGHNS JULIAN T. VEGA AURORA G. VINCENT ANTON VLASOV GREGORY R. WALLACE JUSTIN T. WARD JESSICA A. WARNEKE NATHANIEL R. WATTS CLEMENCE C. WHITE SUZANNE M. WICAL TODD A. WICAL BRAD M. WILLENBRING SARAI WILSON SUZANNE M. WOLF JARED A. WOLFE SHANNON M. WOOD JEFFREY T. WOODS WILLIAM C. WYATT BESS Y. YEH THOMAS J. YI BRIAN J. YOUNG NICHOLAS J. ZARKADIS ERIKA K. ZAVYALOV THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JUAN C. RIZO–LENIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RUFUS H. SHUMATE III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be lieutenant colonel 
CAROL H. ADAMS JAMILIA M. ADAMSHENDERSON EKERETTE U. AKPAN NORMA R. ALANIZ BENJAMIN D. BANCHEK ROSALIE C. BENNETT GEORGE V. BIGALBAL SABRINA M. BOWERS FRANCES E. BRADLEY AMY B. BRAY CHRISTOPHER D. BRETT MARCIA A. BRIMM JOHN S. BRINKMAN DEANN M. CALLANAN ANNE C. CHIQUITUCTO JO ANN D. CLARK JOYCELYN S. CONSTANTINO JANICE N. DANIEL CARMEN DECKER JACOB L. DEEDS RICHELLE R. DEMOTICA FRANCHESCA M. DESRIVIERE LINDSAY A. DRYSDALE NICOLE K. DURBIN JENNIFER L. EASLEY SARAH D. ECCLESTON KAKA ECHERE DOUGLAS J. ERDLEY JENNIFER L. FELTWELL ROBERT L. FLORES ALISON R. FRANSIOLI TAMMY L. FUGERE JENNIFER M. GOMES JERRY W. GOSTNELL MARI E. GROEBNER PARKER M. HAHN CRYSTAL L. HANSEN KONNI L. HANSEN MARVA L. HARRIOTT PAUL C. HECK PREATA L. JACKSON SHERIE L. JOHNSON HEIDI M. JURGES KADIJATU KAKAY PATRICIA L. KINDRED BLAIN A. KING MICHAEL W. KINSHELLA LAURIE A. KWOLEK WENDY S. LAI EMILY R. LEITER FERNANDO LOPEZ, JR. RONALD T. MARPLE MICHAEL S. MARQUEZ SAUNDRA D. MARTINEZ OSWALDO MARTINEZ–CARRASCO CHRISTOPHER G. MCKENZIE JACQUELINE D. MONROE GUSTAVO E. MORENO ALISON C. MURRAY SHANE T. OBANION PEDRO N. OBLEA SARAH N. OHM DAVID S. OUANO DAHLIA L. PACHECO JOLEEN G. PANGELINAN ANTHONY N. PANSOY KAITLYN M. PERKINS MARIA T. PESCATORE MELISSA D. REECE SEAN P. RILEY THOMAS ROBINSON DIONICIA M. RUSSELL JAMES E. RYALS KAREN S. SCHMALENBERGER BENNY C. SCHULTEIS DEANNA R. SETTELMEYER PRISCILLA N. SHAW DEANNA M. SHEETS DWAYNE C. SHEPHERD NIKKI R. SMITH BLESILDA M. SPRATLEY VALERIE STACY CHRISTOPHER H. STUCKY JASON A. SZAKEL TANEKKIA M. TAYLORCLARK JOSE E. TIRADO JONPAUL T. TROSSI KRISTINE M. TUTTLE RANDY T. VIRAY IRA L. WAITE CHARLES W. WATSON III MICHELLE D. WELLS LYDIA WILKERSON GEORGE N. WILLIAMS III JULIE B. WILLIAMS CHARLENE A. WILSON KYONG I. WINKLER MONICA F. WYATT DUANE J. ZARICOR TOMASZ ZIELINSKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
COREBRIANS A. ABRAHAM DONALD P. APPLEMAN CICELY M. ARTIS KAREN J. BAIMBRIDGE STEVEN M. BARR LEANNE M. BATTLER ANTHONY L. BRADWAY NOLAN C. BRANDT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.016 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5704 August 16, 2018 
DAVIN BRIDGES CRYSTAL L. BRIGANTTI TIMOTHY S. BURCH CHRISTOPHER H. CALDWELL ANGELA M. CARTER MARISOL S. CASTANETO LISA M. CHABOT DAVID E. CHAPPELL RANDALL C. COBB WALTER J. COUCH ANDREA L. CREARY MECREDI M. CRUDER SILAS A. DAVIDSON SCOTT B. DRIVER MICHAEL DRULIS TYLER D. DUMARS TRACY L. DURHAM RICHARD FOUCAULT RODEMIL R. FUENTES LOLITO GANAL RANDY J. GARCIA MATTHEW S. GARRIDO JALEH GHALANDARYSAFAVI ANGELA M. GILLIE DAVID A. GLEN WILLIAM J. GOTTLICK SAMMY J. GRAHAM MICHAEL R. GREIFENSTEIN RYAN GRIPPIN JIN B. HA RONALD W. HAVARD NANCY O. HEATH DOUGLAS P. HERRMANN DANIELLE HINES ROGER O. HOSIER MICHAEL J. INMAN ANDREA M. JACKSON EDWIN KAMAU EDGAR S. KANAPATHY ANTHONY D. KANG MICHELE M. KEHRLE MICHELLE L. KLINE LYLE J. KOLNIK IN A. LEE STEPHEN A. LEWANDOWSKI JORGE O. LOPEZ JERRY A. MAYERS WILLIAM F. MCCALMONT MORGAN D. MCDANIEL LAURA L. MCGHEE JAMES A. MCWHERTER, JR. MARIANO T. MESNGON, JR. PATRICK W. MILLER CHADWICK A. MILLIGAN JESSICA A. MILLOY JULIE A. MITCHELL EDUARDO T. MOTEN SERENA T. MUKAI MEGHAN C. MULLER TERESA D. MURRAY MARGARET MYERS ERIC A. NAVA CHRISTOPHER J. NORDIN OSCAR A. OCHOA JESSICA R. PARKER MATTHEW T. PERRY BASHIRI PHILLIPS ULU E. PORTER SCOTT M. PREUSKER GAIL E. RAYMOND KENNETH M. REED TODD A. REEDER SHANNA M. REYES DAVINA M. ROBINSON TAMEKA L. ROGERS STEPHEN K. SCHLEGEL STEPHEN D. SCHWAB DAVID P. SENSIBA LAMISA G. SHAW VICTORIA K. SOMNUK NICOLE C. SPEARS RYAN M. SPILLANE STEPHEN R. SPULICK BRETT E. SWIERCZEWSKI ROCKY F. TORRES SARA J. TORRES KENNON J. VANNKELLEY JOSE M. VELAZQUEZ PAUL J. WATKINS JANA L. WILLIAMS CONRAD R. WILMOSKI CHRISTOPHER R. WILSON THEODORE A. WILSON CHARLES D. ZAMORA D013412 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
KRISTIN E. AGRESTA KATHRYN A. BELILL SHARON DAYE CYNTHIA A. FACCIOLLA AMY FIELD JULIE K. FITZGERALD ROSE C. GRIMM MICHELLE A. JEFFERSON MATTHEW M. JOHNSON KEITH A. KOISTINEN THERESE A. KREUTZBERG JARED MADDEN LAUREN L. PECHER JENNIFER L. SCRUGGS THOMAS R. TUCKER III SCOTT WILLENS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL V. BEAN PRISCILLIA D. BEJARANO PETER J. CARROLL AARON CROMBIE JOHN P. DAVINSON SHAREN D. DENSON JOSE D. DURBIN MATTHEW B. HANNA JOHN D. HUSE JOHN E. KING CHONG U. KO BENJAMIN K. KOCHER CHRISTINE L. LANDRY MANUEL MENENDEZ CECILIA NAJERA JASON F. NAYLOR DAVID P. ROBBINS JENNIFER RODRIGUEZ CHRISTOPHER M. SACHELI DENNISON S. SEGUI TAMMY M. SMOAK ANGELA E. SURRETT BRADLEY C. TIBBETTS BRADLEY S. TRAGORD MOHAMAD A. UMAR D011029 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SAMUEL N. BLACKER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RYAN M. DERRICK SUN G. KOH ROBERT W. LOYD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOSEPH L. HANDKE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
MALLORY A. VALVERDE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MASON W. HEIMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ROGER M. LEWIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: To be major 
BRANDY L. GARDNER THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
MATTHEW M. BACON CLIFTON L. BARGER, JR. CRAIG K. GILCREASE ROY A. HILFERTY TERRY F. JENKINS, JR. MAX H. KRUPP WAYNE R. LIBBEY RICARDO R. ROIG RICKY N. SMITH WILLIAM H. WAGNER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
KEISHA R. DOUGLASS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
JULIE A. BALTEN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ALICE S. Y. SHEN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JULIET H. CALVIN 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate August 16, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
A. MARVIN QUATTLEBAUM, JR., OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT. JULIUS NESS RICHARDSON, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT. 
f 
WITHDRAWALS Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on August 16, 2018 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nations: 
ANDREW M. GELLERT, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CHILE, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. SUSAN A. THORNTON, OF MAINE, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER- COUNSELOR, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (EAST ASIAN AND PACIFIC AFFAIRS), VICE DAN-IEL R. RUSSEL, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16AU6.017 S16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
D919 Thursday, August 16, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5671–S5704 Measures Introduced: Five bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3350–3354, and S. Res. 607–609.
                                               Pages S5692–93 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–323) S. 2844, to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transpor-tation. (S. Rept. No. 115–322) H.R. 4254, to amend the National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration intern-ship and fellowship opportunities to women, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
     Page S5692 
Measures Passed: Free Press: Senate agreed to S. Res. 607, reaffirm-ing the vital and indispensable role the free press serves.
                                                                              Page S5681 
National Airborne Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 608, designating August 16, 2018, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’.
                                                           Page S5701 
Relative to the Death of Former Senator Paul Laxalt: Senate agreed to S. Res. 609, relative to the death of Paul Laxalt, the former Governor and Sen-ator of the State of Nevada.
                                 Page S5701 
Measures Considered: Department of Defense Appropriations Act— Agreement: Senate began consideration of H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S5685–89 
Pending: Shelby Amendment No. 3695, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                              Pages S5685–89 McConnell (for Shelby) Amendment No. 3699 (to Amendment No. 3695), of a perfecting nature. 
                                                                                    Pages S5685–89 
McConnell (for Menendez/Murkowski) Amend-ment No. 3705 (to Amendment No. 3695), to pro-vide funding for the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2018.
                                                                  Pages S5688–89 
McConnell (for Fischer) Amendment No. 3706 (to Amendment No. 3695), to appropriate an additional $10,000,000 for Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-Wide for POW/MIA identification within the Defense Personnel Accounting Agency, and to pro-vide an offset.
                                                      Pages S5688–89 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, August 20, 2018, Senate vote on or in relation to McConnell (for Menendez/Murkowski) Amendment No. 3705 (to Amendment No. 3695), and McConnell (for Fischer) Amendment No. 3706 (to Amendment No. 3695), in the order listed, and that there be no sec-ond-degree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the votes.
                                                      Page S5688 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, August 20, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
                                                                                   Page S5701 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 62 yeas to 28 nays (Vote No. EX. 183), A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. 
                                                                      Pages S5679–82, S5704 
By 81 yeas to 8 nays (Vote No. EX. 185), Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. 
                                                                      Pages S5683–85, S5704 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 80 yeas to 10 nays (Vote No. 184), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S5682 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AU8.REC D16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD920 August 16, 2018 
William Bookless, of California, to be Principal Deputy Administrator, National Nuclear Security Administration. Thomas McCaffery, of California, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense. James B. Lockhart III, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Sup-plementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. James B. Lockhart III, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hos-pital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. James B. Lockhart III, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old- Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. Mary Elizabeth Taylor, of the District of Colum-bia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Legislative Affairs). Donald Armin Blome, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Tunisia. Craig Lewis Cloud, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Botswana. Judith Gail Garber, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cyprus. Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Mali. Simon Henshaw, of Massachusetts, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Guinea. Michael S. Klecheski, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Mongolia. William H. Moser, of North Carolina, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Kazakhstan. W. Patrick Murphy, of Vermont, to be Ambas-sador to the Kingdom of Cambodia. Michael Peter Pelletier, of Maine, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Madagascar, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Union of the Comoros. Robert K. Scott, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Malawi. Ronald D. Vitiello, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security. Aditya Bamzai, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for the remainder of the term expiring January 29, 2020. Travis LeBlanc, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for a term expiring January 29, 2022. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S5701–04 
Nominations Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nominations: Andrew M. Gellert, of New Jersey, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Chile, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018. Susan A. Thornton, of Maine, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (East Asian and Pacific Affairs), which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018.                                                                                             Page S5704 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5693–94 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5694–96 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5691–92 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S5696–S5700 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S5700–01 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—185)
                                                 Pages S5682, S5685 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned, as a further mark of respect to the mem-ory of the late Senator Paul Laxalt, in accordance with S. Res. 608, at 4:33 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, August 20, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5701.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FCC OVERSIGHT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-ine the Federal Communications Commission, after receiving testimony from Ajit Pai, Chairman, and Michael O’Rielly, Brendan Carr, and Jessica Rosenworcel, each a Commissioner, all of the Federal Communications Commission. NOMINATIONS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of William Cooper, of Maryland, to be General Coun-sel, and Lane Genatowski, of New York, to be Di-rector of the Advanced Research Projects Agency— Energy, both of the Department of Energy, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. CLEAN WATER ACT AND WATER QUALITY CERTIFICATION IMPROVEMENT ACT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine implementa-tion of Clean Water Act section 401, and S. 3303, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16AU8.REC D16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D921 August 16, 2018 
to make changes with respect to water quality cer-tification, after receiving testimony from Senator Daines; CJ Stewart, National Tribal Energy Associa-tion, Crow Agency, Montana; Brent Booker, North America’s Building Trades Unions, Washington, D.C.; and Tony Willardson, Western States Water Council, Murray, Utah. NOMINATION Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of David Hale, of New Jersey, to be an Under Secretary of State (Political Affairs), after the nominee testified and an-swered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Lynda Blanchard, of Alabama, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Slovenia, who was introduced by Senators Shelby and Jones, Dereck J. Hogan, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Moldova, Philip S. Kosnett, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Kosovo, and Judy Rising Reinke, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to Montenegro, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations concluded an oversight hearing to examine efforts to protect unaccompanied alien children from human trafficking and abuse, after receiving testimony from Richard M. Hudson, Acting Chief, Law Enforcement Operations Directorate, Border Patrol, Customs and Border Protection, and Robert Gaudian, Acting Deputy Assistant Director for Field Operations West, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, both of the Department of Homeland Security; Jonathan White, Commander, Public Health Service, Com-missioned Corps, Department of Health and Human Services; and James McHenry, Director, Executive Office for Immigration Review, Department of Jus-tice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro-Forma session at 9 a.m. on Friday, August 17, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D917) 
H.R. 2345, to require the Federal Communica-tions Commission to study the feasibility of desig-nating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system. Signed on August 14, 2018. (Public Law 115–233) H.R. 5554, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relat-ing to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs. Signed on August 14, 2018. (Public Law 115–234) H.R. 6414, to amend title 23, United States Code, to extend the deadline for promulgation of regulations under the tribal transportation self-gov-ernance program. Signed on August 14, 2018. (Pub-lic Law 115–235) S. 770, to require the Director of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology to disseminate guidance to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks. Signed on August 14, 2018. (Public Law 115–236) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D16AU8.REC D16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD922 August 16, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, August 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 6157, Department of Defense Appropriations Act, and vote on or in relation to McConnell (for Menen-dez/Murkowski) Amendment No. 3705 (to Amendment No. 3695), and McConnell (for Fischer) Amendment No. 3706 (to Amendment No. 3695), at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, August 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 9 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16AU8.REC D16AUPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST