Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4245 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 21, 2018 No. 83 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 21, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
AN N
EWHOUSE to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
REMEMBERING OUR VETERANS WHO HAVE MADE THE ULTIMATE SACRIFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, good afternoon and welcome back to Wash-ington, D.C. I am sure, like me, you spent some time back in your district this weekend. Every year, on Memorial Day, this country pauses to honor and remember those soldiers who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice for our freedoms and lib-erties. If I could, I would like to share a story from my own district, from my own State of Kansas, which I got to participate in this past weekend. For over 30 years now, Vietnam vet-erans have participated in the ‘‘Run for the Wall.’’ I am sure this is something that many of us are all familiar with. Starting in California, some 1,500 Viet-nam veterans hop on their motorcycles and they take three different routes across the country, with the goal to end up in Washington, D.C. at the Viet-nam Veterans Memorial over Memorial Day weekend. Every year, one of their stops is in Goodland, Kansas, which is in the northwest corner of my State. I was al-lowed to participate in the hospitality extended by those folks in Goodland. If you could, imagine a small city of 4,000 to 5,000 people and having 600 motor-cycles show up on a Saturday after-noon. They had been driving all the way from Albuquerque, New Mexico, through 30-mile-an-hour winds and rain, so they were starving by the time they got to Goodland, Kansas. And when they get there, we have a wel-come reception for them with a com-plete dinner: a hot meal, fresh fruits, vegetables, the whole works. With one simple Facebook message, over 600 homemade deserts were brought from across Goodland to feed and recognize those Vietnam veterans. Then Sunday morning, the veterans wake up, after having been provided housing at Northwest Technical Col-lege for free, they wake up to a hot pancake and sausage breakfast, pro-vided by the local Rotary Club. Then those veterans hop on their mo-torcycles, and they drive on the inter-state across Kansas. At every inter-state where there is an overpass, there are Kansas citizens waving at them and giving them the heroes welcome that they never got some, I guess, 40 years ago. They end up at Fort Riley, ‘‘Home of the Big Red One,’’ and there, Fort Riley makes a super welcome for those soldiers, and again, gives them a hero’s welcome. These soldiers are going to show up here on Friday and they are going to get together at the Pentagon. At that point, over 500,000 motorcycles will be going across the mall of the United States Capital and on to Arling-ton Cemetery. I hope and pray that our news media will share that story of all those sol-diers who are now trying to close the chapter, trying to honor those who went before them, to honor their fellow soldiers who never made it back from that war. I just ask that the House and this country pause to remember our Viet-nam veterans, and all of our veterans going back to the Civil War, all those soldiers that have made the ultimate sacrifice. f 
SUPPORTING THE HONOR FLIGHT IN EPHRATA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on May 19, we recognized Armed Forces Day. This is a day set aside to honor the brave men and women serving in the U.S. military across the country. In central Washington, this day was celebrated by the Ephrata community at an event put on by the American Le-gion. The annual Nacho/Taco Feed and Dessert was first started by 9-year-old Justin Pederson, who wanted to help veterans in the area take the Honor Flight to Washington, D.C. I have had the distinct honor to wel-come Honor Flight veterans from cen-tral Washington, and it was an oppor-tunity that I will never forget. The Honor Flight enables veterans from World War II, the Korean war, and the Vietnam war, to visit the memorials that have been erected for their serv-ice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.000 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4246 May 21, 2018 
I want to thank Justin and the Amer-ican Legion in Ephrata for their work to support the Honor Flight. Spending the afternoon learning about the once in a lifetime experiences from local veterans is an excellent way to recog-nize military members. I look forward to greeting more veterans from Wash-ington in the future. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We pause now in Your presence and acknowledge our dependence on You. We ask Your blessing upon the men and women of this, the people’s House. Keep them aware of Your presence as they face the tasks of this day, that no burden be too heavy, no duty too dif-ficult, and no work too wearisome. Help them, and indeed help us all, to obey Your law, to do Your will, and to walk in Your way. Grant that they might be good in thought, gracious in word, generous in deed, and great in spirit. Make this a glorious day in which all are glad to be alive, eager to work, and ready to serve You, our great Nation, and all our fellow brothers and sisters. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House her approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 21, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 21, 2018, at 10:22 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 346. That the Senate agreed to S.J. Res. 60. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
REAPPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO COMMISSION ON INTER-NATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s re-appointment, pursuant to section 201(b) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431) and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individual on the part of the House to the Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom for a term ending May 14, 2020: Ms. Kristina Arriaga, Alexandria, Virginia 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO ALYCE SPOTTED BEAR AND WALTER SOBOLEFF COMMISSION ON NATIVE CHILDREN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 3 of the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Chil-dren Act (Pub. L. 114–244), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children: Ms. Gloria O’Neill, Anchorage, Alas-ka Ms. Lisa Johnson Billy, Lindsay, Oklahoma Ms. Elizabeth Morris, Hillsboro, North Dakota 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO UNITED STATES SEMIQUINCENTENNIAL COMMIS-SION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 4 of the United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act of 2016 (Pub. L. 114– 196), and the order of the House of Jan-uary 3, 2017, of the following Member on the part of the House to the United States Semiquincentennial Commis-sion to fill the existing vacancy there-on: Mr. H
OLDING , North Carolina APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO UNITED STATES CAPITOL PRES-ERVATION COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 2081, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Member on the part of the House to the United States Capitol Preservation Commission: Mr. HOLDING , North Carolina 
f 
SUPPORTING THE PROTECT LIFE RULE (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ap-plaud President Trump for issuing the Protect Life Rule, delivering on his promise to ensure that the government is not involved in the abortion busi-ness—either directly or indirectly. When Title X was created in 1970, Congress intended for these funds to go toward family planning programs, ex-plicitly barring abortion providers from receiving funds by stating: ‘‘None of the funds appropriated under this title shall be used in programs where abortion is a method of family plan-ning.’’ Since then, the will of Congress and those we represent has been under-mined as Title X funds have routinely contributed to employee salaries, facil-ity costs, and medical supplies for abortion providers. The Protect Life Rule is a victory for the majority of Americans who are fun-damentally opposed to taxpayer-funded abortion without decreasing funding for other Title X beneficiaries, and I stand by our pro-life President’s deci-sion. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 3 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1500 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) at 3 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.002 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4247 May 21, 2018 
VA BILLING ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1972) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the re-quirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and med-ical services in the case of an error by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1972 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Billing Ac-countability Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO WAIVE REQUIREMENT OF CERTAIN VETERANS TO MAKE CO-PAYMENTS FOR CARE AND SERVICES IN THE CASE OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ERROR. 
(a) H OSPITAL CARE, NURSING HOMECARE, AND M
EDICAL SERVICES .—Section 1710(f)(3) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) The Secretary may waive the require-ment of a veteran to make a payment under this subsection or subsection (g) if— ‘‘(i) an error committed by the Department or an employee of the Department was the cause of delaying notification sent to the veteran of the requirement to make the payment; and ‘‘(ii) the veteran received such notification later than 180 days after the date on which the veteran received the care or services for which the payment was required.’’. (b) M
EDICATIONS .—Section 1722A of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) The Secretary may waive the requirement of a veteran to make a payment under this sec-tion if— ‘‘(1) an error committed by the Department or an employee of the Department was the cause of delaying notification sent to the veteran of the requirement to make the payment; and ‘‘(2) the veteran received such notification later than 180 days after the date on which the veteran received the medication for which the payment was required.’’. (c) B
ILLING PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 17 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1709C. Procedures for copayments ‘‘(a) C
ARE AT DEPARTMENT FACILITY .—(1) In requiring a veteran to make a payment for care or services provided at a medical facility of the Department pursuant to this chapter, including sections 1710 and 1722A, the Secretary shall pro-vide to such veteran a notification of such re-quired payment by not later than 180 days after the date on which the veteran receives the care or services for which payment is required. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary does not provide to a vet-eran a notification of the required payment by the date required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may not collect such payment, including through a third-party entity, unless the Sec-retary provides the veteran the following: ‘‘(A) Information regarding how to apply for a waiver described in section 1710(f)(3)(G) or section 1722A(c) of this title, as appropriate. ‘‘(B) Information regarding how to establish a payment plan with the Secretary. ‘‘(C) Opportunity to make such a waiver or establish such a payment plan. ‘‘(b) CARE AT NON-DEPARTMENT FACILITY .— (1) In requiring a veteran to make a payment for care or services provided at a non-Department facility pursuant to this chapter or other provi-sion of law, the Secretary shall provide to such veteran a notification of such required payment by not later than 18 months after the date on which the veteran receives the care or services for which payment is required. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary does not provide to a vet-eran a notification of the required payment by the date required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may not collect such payment, including through a third-party entity, unless the Sec-retary provides the veteran the following: ‘‘(A) Information regarding how to apply for a waiver described in paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) Information regarding how to establish a payment plan with the Secretary. ‘‘(C) Opportunity to make such a waiver or establish such a payment plan. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may waive the requirement of a veteran to make a payment for care or serv-ices provided at a non-Department facility pur-suant to this chapter or other provision of law if— ‘‘(A) an error committed by the Department, an employee of the Department, or a non-De-partment facility was the cause of delaying the notification sent to the veteran of the require-ment to make the payment; and ‘‘(B) the veteran received such notification after the period described in paragraph (1).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1709B the following new item: ‘‘1709C. Procedures for copayments.’’. (d) I
MPROVEMENT OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (1) review the copayment billing internal con-trols and notification procedures of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and (2) improve such controls and procedures, in-cluding pursuant to the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on H.R. 1972, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1972, as amended, the VA Bill-ing Accountability Act. This bill would authorize the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to waive co-payment requirements if veterans are not notified of their need to pay a co-payment for a given service in a timely manner. VA’s untimely processing of claims is well-documented. The negative impact those challenges have on recruiting and retaining community providers is also well-documented. However, those challenges also have a negative impact on our veterans. Three years ago this June, the VA Medical Center in Minneapolis, Min-nesota, initiated a review of past proc-esses on veteran inpatient copayment charges for the years 2011 to 2015. Fol-lowing that review, thousands of vet-erans in Minnesota and Wisconsin were charged copayments for services that they had received as much as 4 years earlier. Receiving a large bill out of the blue for care that was received, in some cases years ago, understandably caused great concern and upset among vet-erans. The VA Billing Accountability Act would prevent that. The VA MISSION Act that the House passed last week included several pro-visions that would make it easier for the VA to process and pay claims accu-rately and on time. This bill would pro-tect veterans by setting specific notifi-cation procedures that the VA must abide by when a veteran is going to be charged a copayment for a VA service and by authorizing the VA to waive a copayment if an error committed by the VA caused a delayed notification. I am grateful to my colleague from Pennsylvania, Representative LLOYD  S
MUCKER , for introducing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 1972, but I would once again like to note we are here again with the most productive committee in the United States Congress, the most bi-partisan committee, the most open, and it is fitting, going into Memorial Day, that the question of the shared commitment to this Nation’s veterans is never in question. So I am grateful. I would also like to extend thanks to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), for his work on this piece of legislation, bringing it to light and continuing to carry this until we got it to the floor. This committee has heard from vet-erans across the country that have ex-perienced harassment from debt collec-tors or experienced adverse credit re-porting through no fault of their own. The bill simply requires VA to waive any of those copayments due by a vet-eran when VA makes an error that causes significant delay in notification of the copayment. It is a very simple solution to a problem that can signifi-cantly impact nearly every aspect of a veterans’ life. This can add unneces-sary stress for veterans when they are trying to pay their medical expenses and make ends meet. Veterans shouldn’t be hung out to dry when the VA is at fault. This legislation would mitigate the harm a delayed copay-ment notification could create for a veteran. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for this bill being brought up today by the gen-tleman, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.006 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4248 May 21, 2018 
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ), my friend and classmate. He is also the gentleman who introduced this bill. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his tireless work on behalf of our veterans to improve their lives and the lives of their families. I rise today in support of my bipar-tisan legislation to relieve veterans of financial burdens caused by delays at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Over the past decade, Federal over-sight of the VA has uncovered cases where the VA delivered delayed or in-accurate bills to our Nation’s veterans, causing financial stress and debt for military families—some bills going back as far as 5 years. In fact, last Au-gust, the VA Inspector General pub-lished a report that said the VA issued 1.7 million improper bills to veterans in 2015. What exactly does that mean? It means that the VA collected near-ly $14 million from improper bills sent to veterans for their service-related care. That is simply unacceptable. Our servicemen and -women should not have to pay for errors or delays caused by the VA. Many veterans live on fixed incomes and may not have the re-sources to cover unexpected costs caused by mistakes of Washington bu-reaucrats. That is why I introduced the VA Bill-ing Accountability Act with my col-leagues from Minnesota, Mr. E
MMER  and Mr. P
ETERSON . My district is home to more than 38,000 veterans. Each one of them, and all those across the country, deserve the highest quality medical care and assurances that they will be billed in a timely and appropriate manner. This bipartisan legislation gives the VA the authority to waive a veteran’s copayment if the veteran received a bill more than 180 days after they re-ceived their care at the VA or 18 months after they received care at a non-VA facility. This bill is supported by AMVETS, Disabled American Veterans, Paralyzed Veterans of American, American Le-gion, Veterans of Foreign War, and the Association of the United States Navy. Our Nation’s veterans and their fami-lies have sacrificed so much in defense of our Nation. We should be doing all that we can to make their transition to civilian life as easy as possible, and that starts with making sure the VA not only delivers high-quality care, but also issues timely bills that our vet-erans and their families can count on. Ultimately, this bill will help bring more stability and financial security to their post-military lives. I am proud to have introduced this legislation on behalf of the veterans and military families that I represent, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get it signed into law. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. EMMER ), who has been working very hard on this bill. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member for his lead-ership, as well. There seems to be a lot of Minnesotans very concerned about this issue. I rise today in support of H.R. 1972, the VA Billing Accountability Act, au-thored by my colleague from Pennsyl-vania, Representative L
LOYD SMUCKER . I am proud to cosponsor this important legislation. During my time in Congress, I have been privileged to meet with many of our Nation’s veterans. Far too often, our Nation’s heroes do not get the treatment and care they deserve. During my early days in Congress, nearly 1,500 instances of the delayed payment of veterans’ medical bills were uncovered at a local VA in my home State of Minnesota. Without no-tification or explanation, veterans were seeing their monthly statement increase by hundreds of dollars, under-standably causing panic and worry. After Congress got involved, the VA helped our veterans by outlining expla-nations for the charges, repayment op-tions, and above all, offering them re-assurance and relief from the stress and anxiety they were experiencing. This story is one of the many illus-trating the need for the VA Billing Ac-countability Act. This issue is not unique to Min-nesota. In 2015, 1.7 million improper bills were issued by the VA, leading to $13.9 erroneously collected from our Nation’s heroes. Veterans and their loved ones have sacrificed so much in defense of our Na-tion. Unacceptable delays in payment and billing errors intensify the care disparity veterans already face. The VA must be held accountable, and H.R. 1972 is the first step in creating a more transparent Veterans Administration. Specifically, the bill will authorize the VA to waive payment for delayed bills that veterans receive due to VA error. Minnesota is home to 337,362 vet-erans, each of whom deserves quality care without the stress and anxiety caused by unexpected or incorrect bil-lings. Our Nation’s servicemembers should not have to pay for errors or delays caused by the Department of Veterans Affairs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank Representative S
MUCKER  for his leadership on this issue; as well as Chairman R
OE; my colleague, the ranking member from Minnesota’s Sev-enth District, and the entire staff of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee for their hard work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 1972. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, again, I too, would like to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Representative SMUCKER , and Representative E MMER  for their tireless work for care of vet-erans not just in Minnesota, but across the country. I also thank the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in passing H.R. 1972, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ranking Member W
ALZ. I once again encourage all Members to support H.R. 1972, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1972, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MILITARY SEXUAL ASSAULT VICTIMS EMPOWERMENT ACT Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3642) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to improve the access to pri-vate health care for veterans who are survivors of military sexual trauma, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3642 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Military Sexual Assault Victims Empowerment Act’’ or the ‘‘Military SAVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PILOT PROGRAM FOR PRIVATE HEALTH CARE FOR VETERANS WHO ARE SUR-VIVORS OF MILITARY SEXUAL TRAU-MA. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to furnish hospital care and medical services to eligible veterans through non-Department health care providers to treat injuries or ill-nesses which, in the judgment of a profes-sional employed by the Department, resulted from a physical assault of a sexual nature, battery of a sexual nature, or sexual harass-ment which occurred while the veteran was serving on active duty, active duty for train-ing, or inactive duty training. (b) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) for a three-year period. If at the completion of the pilot program an eligible veteran is re-ceiving hospital care and medical services from a non-Department health care provider under the pilot program, the Secretary may approve, on a case-by-case basis, the con-tinuation of such hospital care and medical services from that non-Department health care provider until the completion of the epi-sode of care. (c) E
LIGIBLE VETERANS .—A veteran is eligi-ble to participate in the pilot program under subsection (a) if the veteran— (1) is eligible to receive counseling and ap-propriate care and services under section 1720D of title 38, United States Code; and (2) resides in a site selected under sub-section (d). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.007 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4249 May 21, 2018 
(d) S ITES.— (1) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall select not more than five sites in which to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a). Each site shall meet each of the following criteria: (A) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the site consists of a city with a population between 200,000 and 500,000, as determined by the Bureau of the Census as of the first day of the pilot program. (B) The site is in a State in which the Na-tional Violence Against Women Prevention Research Center or the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or both, has deter-mined the rate of sexual assault to be a sub-stantial problem. (C) The site is in a State that, as of the first day of the pilot program, has a weight-ed percentage of reported rape of not less than 20 percent but not more than 30 percent of sexual assault cases, in accordance with the finding of the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention contained in the ‘‘‘Life-time Prevalence of Sexual Violence by any Perpetrator’’ (NISVS 2010). (2) R
URAL SITE .—Not fewer than one site selected under paragraph (1) shall be rural, as determined by the Secretary. (e) P
ARTICIPATION .— (1) E
LECTION .—Subject to paragraph (2), an eligible veteran may elect to participate in the pilot program under subsection (a). Such election shall not affect the ability of the veteran to receive health care furnished by Department providers. (2) N
UMBER .—Not more than 75 veterans may participate in the pilot program under subsection (a) at each site selected under subsection (d). (3) C
HOICE OF NON -DEPARTMENT HEALTH  
CARE PROVIDERS .—An eligible veteran who participates in the pilot program under sub-section (a) may freely choose from which non-Department health care provider the veteran receives hospital care or medical services under the pilot program, except that the Secretary shall— (A) ensure that each such non-Department health care provider maintains at least the same or similar credentials and licenses as those credentials and licenses that are re-quired of health care providers of the Depart-ment, as determined by the Secretary for the purposes of this section; and (B) make a reasonable effort to ensure that such non-Department health care provider is familiar with the conditions and concerns that affect members of the Armed Forces and veterans and is trained in evidence-based psychotherapy (4) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall— (A) notify eligible veterans of the ability to make an election under paragraph (1); and (B) provide to such veterans educational referral materials, including through pam-phlets and internet websites, on the non-De-partment providers in the sites selected under subsection (d). (f) A
UTHORIZATION AND MONITORING OF  C
ARE.—In accordance with subsection (e), the Secretary shall ensure that the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs authorizes and monitors the hospital care and medical serv-ices furnished under the pilot program for appropriateness and necessity. In author-izing and monitoring such care, the Sec-retary shall— (1) treat a non-Department health care provider that furnishes to such a veteran hospital care or medical services under the pilot program as an authorized recipient of records of such veteran for purposes of sec-tion 7332(b) of title 38, United States Code; and (2) ensure that such non-Department health care provider transmits to the De-partment such records as the Secretary de-termines appropriate. (g) PAYMENTS .— (1) C
URRENT PROVIDERS .—If a non-Depart-ment health care provider has entered into a contract, agreement, or other arrangement with the Secretary pursuant to another pro-vision of law to furnish hospital care or med-ical services to veterans, the Secretary shall pay the health care provider for hospital care or medical services furnished under this section using the same rates and payment schedules as provided for in such contract, agreement, or other arrangement. (2) N
EW PROVIDERS .—If a non-Department health care provider has not entered into a contract, agreement, or other arrangement with the Secretary pursuant to another pro-vision of law to furnish hospital care or med-ical services to veterans, the Secretary shall pay the health care provider for hospital care or medical services furnished under this section using the same rates and payment schedule as if such care and services was fur-nished pursuant to section 1703 of title 38, United States Code. (3) N
EW CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary shall take reasonable efforts to enter into a contract, agreement, or other arrangement with a non-Department health care provider described in subsection (a) to ensure that future care and services author-ized by the Secretary and furnished by the provider are subject to such a contract, agreement, or other arrangement (h) S
URVEYS .—The Secretary shall conduct a survey of a sample of eligible veterans to assess the hospital care and medical services furnished to such veterans either pursuant to this section or section 1720D of title 38, United States Code, as the case may be. (i) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days before the completion of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (1) The results of the pilot program, includ-ing, to the extent possible, an assessment of the health outcomes of veterans who partici-pated in the pilot program. (2) The recommendation of the Secretary with respect to extending or making perma-nent the pilot program. (j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘non-Department health care provider’’ means an entity specified in sec-tion 101(a)(1)(B) of section 101 of the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701) or any other health care provider that has en-tered into a contract, agreement, or other arrangement with the Secretary pursuant to another provision of law to furnish hospital care or medical services to veterans. (2) The term ‘‘sexual harassment’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1720D of title 38, United States Code. (3) The term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(20) of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on H.R. 3642, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3642, as amended, the Military Sexual Assault Victims Empowerment Act. It is a tragic fact that there are an increasing number of veterans who re-port experiencing sexual harassment or assault while serving on Active Duty in our Armed Forces. These veterans de-serve the very best care and treatment that we can offer them for the psycho-logical trauma that they may be feel-ing as a result of that experience. This bill would require the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to furnish care in the community to veterans who have expe-rienced military sexual trauma. This would ensure the veterans in pilot loca-tions are able to choose a provider that best meets their specific needs and that they are most comfortable with. This bill is sponsored by Representa-tive A
NDYBARRfrom Kentucky, and I thank him for his tireless advocacy to ensure access to care for veterans who have experienced this trauma. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of high-quality, accessible treatment op-tions for survivors of military sexual trauma. I want to thank the gen-tleman. His concern is exactly in the right place. It is focusing our attention on this issue. There are some things in the bill, though, that I would like to point out, and these concerns have been shared by some of the veterans service organiza-tions. I do this in the spirit of the gen-tleman is exactly right on what needs to be done. This is about a process of trying to improve upon a piece of language. The VA was unable to submit views on this bill because of timing on how it was brought up. For this reason, I would like to read just a few quotes from a statement the VA submitted on this bill to reflect the concerns shared by our staff and the VSO community. These are VA quotes: ‘‘Aspects of the bill could jeopardize patient safety and well-being and cre-ate the ethically problematic situation of VA condoning and supporting a sub-standard level of care for program par-ticipants.’’ ‘‘It is possible some veterans would even choose to leave VA care entirely to avoid the study.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 May 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.004 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4250 May 21, 2018 
While I certainly appreciate the ef-fort, I am of the belief that this study could misallocate VA’s limited re-sources to define a problem to which the RAND Corporation and the Na-tional Academy of Sciences have al-ready offered potential solutions. b1515 I am supporting today’s amendment in the nature of a substitute but warn-ing against future efforts to erode the high quality of care that VA is pro-viding. In order to better reflect VA’s posi-tion on improving access to military sexual trauma, I am excited to work with our VSO partners on legislation that would implement some of the rec-ommendations made in previous assess-ments and increase access to high-qual-ity care. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues across the aisle to join us in drafting legislation that continues to heal mili-tary sexual trauma victims. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. B
ARR), who is the sponsor of this bill. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support this legislation, H.R. 3642, the Military Sex-ual Assault Victims Empowerment Act, also known as the Military SAVE Act, which would help the Department of Veterans Affairs identify defi-ciencies and vulnerabilities in their care for survivors of military sexual trauma and take corrective actions to improve those services. According to the findings of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs’ National Screening Program, 1 in 4 women and 1 in 100 men reported that they have been victims of military sexual assault during their time serving in the mili-tary. This problem was made personal to me by a group of women in the Sixth Congressional District of Kentucky, led by MST survivor Karen Tufts. Sadly, due in part to this emotional stress, two of these women have since com-mitted suicide. To the ranking member’s concern about quality of care, the problem with some of these women was that they were revictimized at the VA. In fact, according to an independent nation-wide study, research has found that fe-male victims of MST are 14 times more likely to commit suicide than women who have never been assaulted, so we are all about improving the care of these women. And while Congress has recently taken several actions to better protect survivors of MST within the military justice system, many survivors have expressed concern that services avail-able within the VA healthcare system are insufficient to address their spe-cific post-MST needs. That is exactly why we have been working closely with the House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, veteran service organizations, as well, and my VA Pilot Program Devel-opment Task Force to improve medical care for survivors of MST in order to help those survivors get the care that best fits their unique physical and psy-chological needs. Specifically, this legislation would allow survivors the ability to seek treatment, specifically tailored to their MST injuries, by a community care provider of their choice during a 3- year pilot program. This pilot program would study the results that direct ac-cess care provides that the VA does not and would help the VA take the nec-essary corrective actions to improve its care for survivors of MST. In fact, our experience is that just the introduction of this legislation has focused the mind at the VA to improve the care that the VA provides. As I mentioned before, I did not create this legislation alone. It has been through the dedicated support and trusted ad-vice of MST survivors who are mem-bers of our Pilot Program Development Task Force, and I thank them for their contributions, including former com-missioner of the Kentucky Department of Veterans Affairs, Heather French Henry. In conclusion, I would like to espe-cially thank Chairman R
OEand his staff for their hard work in support of this legislation and for his long-standing leadership on veterans issue. Chairman R
OEtruly cares about im-proving the lives of veterans, and this legislation is a testament to that devo-tion. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman’s commitment to this issue. I appreciate the work that has been spent to continue to evolve to get this right, because I do think there is, obvi-ously, no disagreement in the scourge and the horrific crimes committed against servicemembers that we must deal with and the treatment of those victims afterwards. With that, I en-courage my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Mr. W
ALZ. Once again, I encourage all Members to sup-port H.R. 3642, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3642, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS OPIOID ABUSE PREVENTION ACT Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3832) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a memo-randum of understanding with the ex-ecutive director of a national network of State-based prescription monitoring programs under which Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query such network, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3832 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PARTICIPATION IN NATIONAL NET-WORK OF STATE-BASED PRESCRIP-TION DRUG MONITORING PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1730A the following new section: ‘‘§ 1730B. Access to State prescription drug monitoring programs ‘‘(a) A
CCESS TO PROGRAMS .—(1) Any licensed health care provider or delegate of such a pro-vider shall be considered an authorized recipient or user for the purpose of querying and receiv-ing data from the national network of State- based prescription drug monitoring programs to support the safe and effective prescribing of controlled substances to covered patients. ‘‘(2) Under the authority granted by para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) licensed health care providers or dele-gates of such providers shall query such net-work in accordance with applicable regulations and policies of the Veterans Health Administra-tion; and ‘‘(B) notwithstanding any general or specific provision of law, rule, or regulation of a State, no State may restrict the access of licensed health care providers or delegates of such pro-viders from accessing that State’s prescription drug monitoring programs. ‘‘(3) No State shall deny or revoke the license, registration, or certification of a licensed health care provider or delegate who otherwise meets that State’s qualifications for holding the li-cense, registration, or certification on the basis that the licensed health care provider or dele-gate has queried or received data, or attempt to query or receive data, from the national net-work of State-based prescription drug moni-toring programs under this section. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED PATIENTS .—For purposes of this section, a covered patient is a patient who— ‘‘(1) receives a prescription for a controlled substance; and ‘‘(2) is not receiving palliative care or enrolled in hospice care. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘controlled substance’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(6) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802(6)). ‘‘(2) The term ‘delegate’ means a person or automated system accessing the national net-work of State-based prescription monitoring pro-grams at the direction or under the supervision of a licensed health care provider. ‘‘(3) The term ‘licensed health care provider’ means a health care provider employed by the Department who is licensed, certified, or reg-istered within any State to fill or prescribe medi-cations within the scope of his or her practice as a Department employee. ‘‘(4) The term ‘national network of State- based prescription monitoring programs’ means an interconnected nation-wide system that fa-cilitates the transfer to State prescription drug monitoring program data across State lines. ‘‘(5) The term ‘State’ means a State, as de-fined in section 101(20) of this title, or a political subdivision of a State.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.010 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4251 May 21, 2018 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1730A the following new item: ‘‘1730B. Access to State prescription drug moni-toring programs.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on H.R. 3832, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 3832, as amend-ed, the Veterans Opioid Abuse Preven-tion Act. More than 140 individuals every day are dying from opioid abuse in the United States, and opioids have resulted in the deaths of more Ameri-cans than the Iraq, Afghanistan, and Vietnam wars put together over the same period of time. Unfortunately, the news is even worse for our veterans. Former VA Secretary McDonald stated: Veterans are 10 times more likely to abuse opioids than the average American, and that is among the leading cause of homelessness among veterans. In 2016 alone, the VA treated 66,000 veterans for opioid addiction. Mr. Speaker, it is clear that we are failing our Nation’s heroes, and, frankly, that is unacceptable. That is why I introduced the Vet-erans Opioid Prevention Act, to ensure that no veteran slips through the cracks. My bill increases opioid pre-scribing transparency at the VA and allows Veterans Administration doc-tors to do what most private sector doctors are already doing. They access State databases listing all opioid pre-scriptions from all providers. This al-lows physicians to easily identify pat-terns of opioid use that puts patients at risk for addiction. Once physicians are able to accurately identify patterns of use and abuse, we can curb this epi-demic and ensure our veterans are get-ting the best possible care. Mr. Speaker, as a veteran and a doc-tor, I take my responsibility to serve those who fought for our freedoms very seriously. We can do more for our vet-erans, and we must do more to support them and to protect them. I believe my Veterans Opioid Preven-tion Act does exactly that. I urge all of my colleagues to support this impor-tant legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the gentleman’s Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act. It was about 10 years ago to the day that we stood on this floor when I had a piece of legisla-tion, one of the first ones I authored as a Member of Congress, the stepped-care pain management for the prescription of opioids in the VA, and I remember delivering a speech right here that if we don’t do something about what is happening with the overprescription, we are going to be in a situation of cri-sis, I think, were the terms that I used. At that time, we started talking about multiple approaches to pain management. At the time we brought it up, the VA did not even want to con-sider things like acupuncture and yoga, and now we are at a situation where the gentleman is exactly right. Even with that, moving forward, according to the Center for Ethics and the Rule of Law, between 2010 and 2015, the num-ber of veterans addicted to opioids rose 55 percent to a total of roughly 68,000. This represents about 13 percent of all veterans currently prescribed opioids. Various published studies have found that there is a significant increased risk of suicide among our veterans and the general U.S. population when opioid use disorders are apparent. H.R. 3832, as amended, will require VA to enter into a memorandum of un-derstanding with a State-based pre-scription drug monitoring program in order to further reduce opioid misuse and dependency. By requiring VA to partner with the prescription drug program, the VA can better ensure veterans are receiving the most appropriate treatment avail-able while significantly reducing the likelihood of abuse. We have an ethical responsibility to do everything we can in this country to reduce the opioid epidemic, certainly amongst our veterans. It is a step in the right direction to prevent the over-prescription of opioids to veterans so that we can start preventing those vet-erans becoming addicted in the first place. I stand in strong support of this. Mr. Speaker, as stated, this is a good piece of legislation, smart move for-ward, and I encourage my colleagues to vote for it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 3832, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3832, the Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act. Mr. Speaker, it is undeniable that our military veterans deserve our deep-est gratitude for the courage and valor they demonstrate while defending the United States of America. H.R. 3832 directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a memo-randum of understanding with the ex-ecutive director of a national network of State-based prescription monitoring programs under which Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query the network in order to prevent opioid abuse. Veterans are truly heroes walking among us and they deserve our utmost respect as well as assistance in any re-covery or treatment they require. Mr. Speaker, our veterans bravely put their lives on the line to defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe. There are over 20 million veterans in the United States, with a large number residing in my home state of Texas. Texas has more than 1.4 million vet-erans, making it the state with the sec-ond largest veteran population. Harris County, the county which con-tains my district, is home to over 187,000 veterans, the most of any coun-ty in the state. There is no doubt that these fearless men and women suffering from burden-some health problems deserve not only our gratitude, but also our support throughout recovery and treatment. By passing H.R. 3832, health care pro-viders will receive additional informa-tion so they may provide veterans with assistance which will enhance their re-habilitation. This bill would enable the VA to monitor drug prescriptions in order to ensure that veterans’ risk of addiction is minimized. The Veterans Opioid Abuse Preven-tion Act would allow VA providers to better track and prevent excess opioid prescribing. The provisions of this bill will serve as a vital resource to our veterans and their health care providers as they overcome burdensome health problems. These provisions would help prevent opioid abuse by allowing for greater in-formation sharing between VA and state-based prescription drug moni-toring programs. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3832 to show their sup-port and gratitude for the sacrifices made by our service men and women, and to ensure that veterans battling health problems receive the care and rehabilitation they deserve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3832, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RAY HENDRIX VETERANS CLINIC Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3946) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.005 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4252 May 21, 2018 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3946 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS COMMUNITY-BASED OUTPATIENT CLINIC, STATESBORO, GEORGIA. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs com-munity-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and des-ignated as the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Veterans Clin-ic’’. Any reference to such clinic in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be consid-ered to be a reference to the Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3946, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Geor-gia, the Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic. This bill is sponsored by my friend and colleague, Congressman R
ICK A
LLEN , and I am grateful to him for in-troducing this legislation in honor of an American hero. Robert Ray Hendrix joined the Army National Guard in 1949. He was sta-tioned in Europe during the Korean conflict and served honorably until his retirement in 1992. In his 42 years of service, Mr. Hendrix rose to the rank of command sergeant major. Mr. Hendrix also served in the Amer-ican Legion for over 60 years, holding many State and national posts. Along with many accomplishments for vet-erans, Mr. Hendrix was instrumental in obtaining 5,000 signatures throughout the community to demonstrate the need for a VA clinic in Statesboro. Four years later, Mr. Hendrix’s effort paid off when a VA officially dedicated a new clinic. In addition to his work with the American Legion, Mr. Hendrix served in a Governor-appointed position to the State Veterans Board through the VA Service Board for three 7-year terms. Mr. Hendrix’s outstanding service to his country and his fellow veterans shall serve as an inspiration to us all, and it is my great pleasure to support H.R. 3946, which would name that very clinic he worked so hard to establish, the Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic. This legislation satisfies all the com-mittee’s naming criteria and is cospon-sored by the entire Georgia congres-sional delegation and supported by many VSOs. Once again, I thank Con-gressman R
ICKALLEN for introducing this bill, and I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to add my voice to those supporting H.R. 3946, which does name the VA community-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Geor-gia, the Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic. I would like to say at this time, I often hear from people, and they talk about things going on here. And they say: Oh, yeah, they are naming another post office, or VA clinic. That is right, we are. Today, we are naming a VA clinic after someone who gave their life serving this Nation, coming back doing the things that build our community, and I think, when people think is this just an exer-cise we go through, I would encourage, Mr. Speaker, for everyone, when they go by one of these buildings and they see a name on the side of it and wonder what it is after—we can now google those things pretty easy. I will guarantee you, every time you google that name, you will come away amazed at what your fellow citizens did, what they gave to this country, and in this case, you heard it from the gentleman, about Ray Hendrix’s serv-ice, 42 years in uniform, back in that, and I will guarantee you that Statesboro, Georgia, is a better place because of what Sergeant Major Ray Hendrix did. So I don’t think these are things to fill time. I think these are things that we honor what is right about the coun-try. We honor people that put country first, and it is very obvious to me, hav-ing never met Ray Hendrix, or until this bill was brought forward, I sure wished I had known him, and I would have loved to have been in a unit where Sergeant Major Hendrix served because it is obvious that he cared. With that, I strongly support this piece of legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. ALLEN ), the sponsor of this bill. b1530 Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their support of this im-portant bill that I am providing here to the House today. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about a great gentleman, one who fought for his community and who is so deserving to have the Statesboro VA clinic named after him, as was stated, Sergeant Major Ray Hendrix. For those of you who are not aware of the life and legacy of Ray Hendrix, I would like to take some time here today to recognize the impact he had on so many lives in the State of Geor-gia and nationwide. Ray Hendrix spent his entire life serving this great country. After 42 years of putting his life on the line in the U.S. Army, where he fought in the Korean war, his service was long from over. As an active member of the American Legion, Ray continued to find ways to help his country and community, serv-ing in several leadership posts at local, State, and national levels. While working with the American Legion, Ray handed out wheelchairs, walkers, crutches, and flags to public schools in his community. He also or-ganized an efficient bus system in Au-gusta and Dublin, both located in Geor-gia’s 12th District, that would trans-port veterans to the Charlie Norwood VA and Carl Vinson VA to receive needed treatment. Continuing his work, Ray saw a need for a VA clinic right in his hometown of Statesboro. He worked diligently to collect 5,000 signatures from folks in his community to demonstrate the need for a VA clinic close to home. Ray then took his actions a step fur-ther by advocating for this cause to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs right here in Washington, D.C. He was also appointed to the Veterans Service Board by three consecutive Georgia Governors: Governor Roy Barnes in 2001, Governor Sonny Perdue in 2008, and Governor Nathan Deal in 2015. He served three terms as the board chair-man and is survived by his wife, Mary, three children, 10 grandchildren, and 9 great-grandchildren. As a veteran, public servant, and Bulloch County native for over 75 years, it is my hope that my colleagues will join me in supporting the effort to rename the VA clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, after a man who is truly de-serving. With the support of Georgia Senators and Representatives, as well as the Georgia Southern Student Veterans Association, and many others, I cannot think of a better or more worthy man to have his service to our Nation and his community honored at the top of the VA clinic in Statesboro, Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in passing my bill, H.R. 3946, to rename the Statesboro VA the Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous material in the R
ECORD on H.R. 3946. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for taking the time to tell us about Sergeant Major Hendrix. This is exactly the point I’m making: If you want to exemplify what this Na-tion is about, we are a Nation of peo-ple, we are a Nation of patriots; and when they rise above it, like Ray Hendrix did, I think it is appropriate. Of all of the things that we do on this floor, I make a case that these namings are a pretty important piece of what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\MAY\H21MY8.REC H21MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4253 May 21, 2018 
we do. So I thank the gentleman for this, and encourage my colleagues to enthusiastically support this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ser-geant Major Walz for his comments. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3946. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS’ ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD MODERNIZATION OVER-SIGHT ACT OF 2017 Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4245) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress certain documents relating to the Elec-tronic Health Record Modernization Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4245 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans’ Electronic Health Record Modernization Oversight Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. OVERSIGHT OF ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD MODERNIZATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM DOCUMENTS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees the following documents concerning the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program: (1) Integrated Master Plan. (2) Integrated Master Schedule. (3) Program Management Plan. (4) Annual and lifecycle cost estimates, in-cluding, at a minimum, cost elements relat-ing to— (A) Federal Government labor; (B) contractor labor; (C) hardware; (D) software; and (E) testing and evaluation. (5) Cost baseline. (6) Risk Management Plan. (7) Health IT Strategic Architecture Plan. (8) Transition Plan for implementing up-dated architecture. (9) Data Migration Plan. (10) System and Data Security Plan. (11) Application Implementation Plan. (12) System Design Documents. (13) Legacy Veterans Information Systems and Technology Architecture Standardiza-tion, Security Enhancement, and Consolida-tion Project Plan. (14) Health Data Interoperability Manage-ment Plan. (15) Community Care Vision and Imple-mentation Plan, including milestones and a detailed description of how complete inter-operability with non-Department health care providers will be achieved. (b) QUARTERLY UPDATES .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter dur-ing the period beginning with the fiscal quar-ter in which this Act is enacted and ending on the date on which the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees the most recent updated versions, if any exist, of the following documents: (1) Integrated Master Schedule. (2) Program Management Plan, including any written Program Management Review material developed for the Program Manage-ment Plan during the fiscal quarter covered by the submission. (3) Each document described in subsection (a)(4). (4) Performance Baseline Report for the fiscal quarter covered by the submission or for the fiscal quarter ending the fiscal year prior to the submission. (5) Budget Reconciliation Report. (6) Risk Management Plan and Risk Reg-ister. (c) C
ONTRACTS .—Not later than five days after awarding a contract, order, or agree-ment, including any modifications thereto, under the Electronic Health Record Mod-ernization Program, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a copy of the entire such contract, order, agreement, or modification. (d) N
OTIFICATION .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 10 days after an event described in paragraph (2) oc-curs, the Secretary shall notify the appro-priate congressional committees of such oc-currence, including a description of the event and an explanation for why such event occurred. (2) E
VENT DESCRIBED .—An event described in this paragraph is any of the following events regarding the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program: (A) The delay of any milestone or deliver-able by 30 or more days. (B) A request for equitable adjustment, eq-uitable adjustment, or change order exceed-ing $1,000,000 (as such terms are defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation). (C) The submission of any protest, claim, or dispute, and the resolution of any protest, claim, or dispute (as such terms are defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation). (D) A loss of clinical or other data. (E) A breach of patient privacy, including any— (i) disclosure of protected health informa-tion that is not permitted under regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191; 42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note); and (ii) breach of sensitive personal informa-tion (as defined in section 5727 of title 38, United States Code). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate; and (B) the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘Electronic Health Record Modernization Program’’ means— (A) any activities by the Department of Veterans Affairs to procure or implement an electronic health or medical record system to replace any or all of the Veterans Infor-mation Systems and Technology Architec-ture, the Computerized Patient Record Sys-tem, the Joint Legacy Viewer, or the Enter-prise Health Management Platform; and (B) any contracts or agreements entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out, support, or analyze the activities under subparagraph (A). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extra-neous material in the R
ECORD on H.R. 4245. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4245, the Veterans’ Electronic Health Record Modernization Over-sight Act of 2017. This is not just a transition to a commercial EHR. If successful, it will be a transformation of how the VA de-livers and manages healthcare to 9 mil-lion veterans. But the path to achiev-ing a seamless, interoperable health record is far from clear. Much has already been said about the program’s price tag: nearly $16 billion over 10 years. It is a gigantic manage-ment exercise, involving thousands of people. It is also an immense challenge to document clinical processes, maybe for the first time, that doctors and nurses have been performing for years, and reengineer them. H.R. 4245 would ensure that the com-mittee gets access to this program’s key performance reports and contrac-tual documents. It would also require the VA to notify us when significant negative events occur. The time to enact legislation is now. The VA awarded its primary contract to the Cerner Corporation at the end of last week. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Mem-ber W
ALZfor spearheading this effort. I also appreciate J
ACKBERGMAN and A NN K
USTER , the chairman and ranking member of the Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee, for their work on H.R. 4245, and the oversight spade work that they do every day. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4245, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4245, the Vet-erans’ Electronic Health Record Mod-ernization Oversight Act of 2017. When I first came to Congress back in 2007, as a veteran myself, one of the questions we asked was—Electronic medical records had been out there for quite some time. The VA was a pioneer in their VistA System, on VistA, on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.016 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4254 May 21, 2018 
managing health, and it is not just a database. As Dr. D
UNN knows well, these are important diagnostic tools and they have to be right. But the thing that every veteran for 20 years was saying was: Why do we have one medical record in the Depart-ment of Defense, so when we leave the Army, the Navy, the Marines, or the Air Force, we drop off a cliff—we all carry around a paper file they print out to us—and then we try to get back into the VA and it is an entirely different system that doesn’t talk to one an-other? It seems pretty self-evident that from the time you raise your hand until the time you are buried with hon-ors, it would make sense that we had a joint electronic medical record. That was the genesis of this. I am proud to say that it was a long road, but we had the signing of the Cerner contract. What this piece of legislation does is—and I want to be very careful about—we do this many times here, we pass a piece of legislation, pat our-selves on the back, and send it away, only to watch it die a horrible death in the executive branch, not be imple-mented correctly, or not provide our oversight. This simply says—and Dr. D
UNNwas exactly right—this is a $16 billion 10- year project. I want to be clear, though: that is our current projection. Everyone in here knows that if we get a 10 percent delay and a 10 percent cost overrun, we will probably be rel-atively happy with that. That is over a year, and it will be a nearly $2 billion addition. That money will have to come from somewhere. It will slow down implementation. We saw reports early last week that there were serious concerns in the pilot program that are out there. So what this does—and I, once again, thank the chairman and the majority staff for recognizing this is our respon-sibility. We will not shirk that here—it asks them to report to us. It let’s us stay on top of this before it becomes a crisis. Because every single one of us here knows that it is coming some day—that we are going to hear about misinformation, something dropping through, a cost overrun—and this just gives us that added security. This is a project that cannot fail. I have witnessed in my time in Congress too many IT failures, specifically at the VA: a contract is signed, it is going to happen, and it is a good thing. It has the potential to, as again the gen-tleman said, revolutionize how we de-liver care. But it has the potential to go in the wrong direction if we are not doing our constitutional right of over-sight. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I think this is, once again, the legislative branch, as it was meant to be, taking back its oversight responsibility. We are going to author-ize this and we are going to appropriate the funds. I think it is only prudent that we have another layer of oversight to make sure that this huge, huge project, nearly unprecedented, upgrade in integration of electronic health records of anywhere in the world, hap-pens correctly. Mr. Speaker, I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 4245, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4245, the Veterans’ Electronic Health Record Modernization Over-sight Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, one way the nation can ex-press its deepest appreciation for our service men and women is to ensure that their health records are handled appropriately. H.R. 4245 directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit certain documents to Con-gress relating to the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. More than 20 million brave Americans are veterans of our nation’s armed services includ-ing more than 1.5 million women, 2.4 million African American men and women, 1.4 million Hispanic men and women, 320,000 Asian Americans, and 145,000 American Indians. Of these veterans, more than 1.4 million re-side in my home state of Texas. Harris County, the county which contains my home district, has over 187,000 veterans which is the largest veteran population of any county in Texas. More than 9 million veterans and their fami-lies are enrolled in the VA health care system, making it the largest health care system in the nation. This system employs more than 306,000 full time health care professionals and support staff at 1,240 health care facilities, including 170 VA Medical Centers and 1,061 outpatient sites. Mr. Speaker, our veterans bravely put their lives on the line to defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe. By passing H.R. 4245, the modernization of veterans’ health records will receive the atten-tion it deserves in order to enhance their reha-bilitation and quality of life. The Veterans’ Electronic Health Record Modernization Oversight Act of 2017 requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit documentation to Congress regarding the agency’s efforts to modernize its health record system. This will serve as a vital resource to enable us to assist our veterans as they overcome burdensome health problems. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 4245 to show their support and gratitude for the sacrifices made by our serv-ice men and women, and to ensure that vet-erans receive the care and rehabilitation they deserve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4245. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
SERVICEMEMBERS IMPROVED TRANSITION THROUGH REFORMS FOR ENSURING PROGRESS ACT Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4830) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the dis-approval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs unless the educational in-stitution providing the course permits individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment by Depart-ment, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4830 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Servicemembers Improved Transition through Reforms for En-suring Progress Act’’ or the ‘‘SIT-REP Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DISAPPROVAL FOR PURPOSES OF EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS OF CERTAIN COURSES OF EDUCATION THAT DO NOT PERMIT INDIVIDUALS TO ATTEND OR PAR-TICIPATE IN COURSES PENDING PAYMENT. 
Section 3679 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, beginning on August 1, 2018, a State approving agency, or the Secretary when acting in the role of the State approving agency, shall disapprove a course of education provided by an educational institution unless the edu-cational institution has adopted the following policies: ‘‘(A) A policy that permits any covered indi-vidual to attend or participate in the course of education during the period beginning on the date on which the individual provides to the educational institution a certificate of eligibility for entitlement to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title and ending on the earlier of the following dates: ‘‘(i) The date on which the Secretary provides payment for such course of education to such institution. ‘‘(ii) The date that is 90 days after the date on which the individual provides to the edu-cational institution such certificate of eligibility. ‘‘(B) A policy that ensures that the edu-cational institution will not impose any penalty, including the assessment of late fees, the denial of access to classes, libraries, or other institu-tional facilities, or the requirement that a cov-ered individual borrow additional funds, on any covered individual because of the individual’s inability to meet his or her financial obligations to the institution as a result of the delayed dis-bursement of any payment to be provided by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection, a covered individual is any individual who is entitled to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may waive such require-ments of paragraph (1) as the Secretary con-siders appropriate.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.018 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4255 May 21, 2018 
SEC. 3. CLARIFICATION REGARDING APPLICA-BILITY OF AUTHORITY TO USE EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO PURSUE INDEPENDENT STUDY PROGRAMS AT CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITU-TIONS THAT ARE NOT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
The section heading for section 302 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assist-ance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48) is amended to read as follows (and the table of contents for such Act is conformed accordingly): 
‘‘SEC. 302. AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE UNDER ANY OF THE EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO PURSUE INDEPENDENT STUDY PROGRAMS AT CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITU-TIONS THAT ARE NOT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extra-neous material into the R
ECORD on H.R. 4830, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4830, as amended, the SIT–REP Act, the Servicemembers Improved Transition through Reforms for Ensur-ing Progress Act. Mr. Speaker, the Post-9/11 GI Bill provides generous education benefits, including a monthly living stipend to veterans and eligible dependents. In order for a student to utilize this ben-efit, they must provide a certificate of eligibility to the school or training program and then the institution cer-tifies the student’s attendance to the Department of Veterans Affairs. After this process, the school receives tuition payment and the veteran receives their monthly housing allowance. Mr. Speaker, if all goes well, those claims are supposed to be processed within 12 to 14 days for original claims, and between 6 to 8 days for supple-mental claims. However, there are times when delays do occur, and they can have a significant impact on a school’s and a student’s bottom line. These delays typically occur at the be-ginning of a semester, or when a school doesn’t do their part to certify a stu-dent’s attendance quickly. Mr. Speaker, we have been told that some schools and training programs have, essentially, taken these delays out on their student veterans, depend-ents and surviving spouses by placing students on payment plans, blocking access to school facilities; and, in some cases, have been barring students from registering for classes. Mr. Speaker, I believe these practices are incredibly unfair, as students should not be held accountable for bu-reaucratic delays and hiccups that are outside their control. I am pleased that H.R. 4830, as amended, would address this issue and say that in order for schools and training programs to be el-igible for the GI Bill, they must adopt a policy that doesn’t punish students in any way for delays in tuition fees and payments that are not their fault. Mr. Speaker, I thank Vice Chairman BILIRAKIS and the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors, TAPS, a great organization that helps survivors of all ages deal with loss, for bringing this important bill forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4830, as amended, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for, once again, bringing up a really important piece of legisla-tion. I believe the gentleman is also the longest serving member of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. Any piece of important legislation over the last dec-ade-plus has had his hand in it. H.R. 4830, as amended, is a bill that we have worked on in a bipartisan basis with TAPS, the Tragedy Assist-ance Program for Survivors. TAPS came to the committee and to Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS , after they heard from many sur-viving spouses that with all of the changes that were being implemented on August 1, there will be delayed pay-ments and processing times for pay-ments for veterans and survivors en-rolled for the fall 2018 semester. b1545 The Forever GI Bill that we are all in this body proud of passing and proud of updating contains several large-scale changes the VA is currently working very hard to implement. Some of those changes went into effect in the fall of 2017, and TAPS reported to the com-mittee that, because of delays in VA payments, many schools demanded payment from students. There were stories of students who were not allowed to attend class, reg-ister for classes, or use campus facili-ties only because the VA payment was delayed. In some cases, students were even put on a payment plan they could not afford or forced to take out student loans with egregious orientation fees in order to continue their education. This bill will provide students receiv-ing VA payments with the same pro-tections as those who receive title IV funding, such as Pell Grants and Fed-eral student loans. These title IV stu-dents are allowed to attend classes, participate in extracurricular activi-ties, and use campus facilities as long as their school knows payment is forthcoming. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4830, as amended, will give the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs the ability to disapprove any course of education unless the edu-cational institution providing the course permits individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment by the VA and accept a certificate of eligibility as a promise. As such, the bill will serve as a preventive measure to discourage schools from engaging in shutting out VA beneficiaries simply because of an administrative delay. This is a really good step toward ensur-ing that our student veterans and other GI Bill beneficiaries are not unneces-sarily prevented from getting the most of their benefits due. To be very clear about this, there are very few benefits that are really earned in the way a GI Bill benefit is earned. Those of us who have used the GI Bill to get an education know how impor-tant it is. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for continuing to show care for these veterans. This is a great, smart piece of legislation. I encourage its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), the vice chairman of the committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. D
UNN, my fellow Floridian, a great Member of Congress, and also my good friend Mr. W
ALZ, who has done an outstanding job over the years sup-porting our veterans. I also thank Mr. W
ALZfor his service. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4830, the Servicemem-bers Improved Transition through Re-forms for Ensuring Progress Act, or the SIT–REP Act, which will hold student veterans harmless from bureaucratic red tape and delays at higher education institutions at the VA. I am proud of the work my colleagues and I conducted on the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee last year to pass the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Education Assistance Act, or the Forever GI Bill. This historic legislation expanded ac-cess to education and improves and modernizes the GI Bill for our vet-erans. This is one of the reasons, Mr. Speak-er, we came to Congress: to do some-thing like this, to help our veterans get their education. In our committee hearings on imple-mentation of the Forever GI Bill, we heard concerns about the delays in processing of tuition payments be-tween the schools and the VA. I also had roundtables in my district with veterans, and this was a concern of theirs. So while the average timelines for processing these benefits are 25 days for new claims and 9 days for supple-mental claims, oftentimes the proc-essing timelines spike higher at the be-ginning of each school year upon a surge in claims. We heard concerns from our VSO stakeholders—I thank them—regarding delayed payments resulting from either slow VA processing or a mistake or tardiness by the school certifying offi-cial. In some cases, the delays meant schools putting a hold on a student’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.009 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4256 May 21, 2018 
account or forcing the student to begin payment of tuition and fees on a pay-ment plan until they received money from VA. My bill, the SIT–REP Act, would give the Secretary the authority to dis-approve courses of education for the GI Bill unless the educational institution adopts a policy ensuring that it will not impose a fee on the veteran or deny the veteran’s access to education. This policy would be applied for the first 90 days of the school term. The SIT–REP Act is a commonsense bill that protects student veterans and their families who, through no fault of their own, are denied access to edu-cation because the school made a mis-take or the VA made a late payment. It is not the veteran’s fault, and they should not be punished for the actions of others. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me in support of my practical and bipartisan legislation, which will help ensure our student veterans have full access to the educational benefits they have earned and deserve. I hope that the Senate takes up this bill quickly. Again, I urge passage of this great bill. We have got to get it to the Presi-dent’s desk as soon as possible. Mr. Speaker, I thank the committee staff as well. They did a great job on this bill. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for his great work on this. I encourage its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 4830, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4830, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
VETERANS AFFAIRS PURCHASE CARD MISUSE MITIGATION ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5215) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to prohibit employees found to have knowingly misused Department of Veterans Af-fairs purchase cards from serving as purchase card holders or approving of-ficials. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5215 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Af-fairs Purchase Card Misuse Mitigation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MISUSE OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PURCHASE CARDS BY DE-PARTMENT EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 727. Misuse of Department purchase cards ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-hibit any employee of the Department who the Secretary or the Inspector General of the Department determines has knowingly mis-used a purchase card from serving as a pur-chase card holder or approving official. Such a prohibition shall be in addition to any other applicable penalty. ‘‘(b) M
ISUSE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘misuse’ means— ‘‘(1) splitting purchases; ‘‘(2) exceeding applicable purchase card limits or purchase thresholds; ‘‘(3) purchasing any unauthorized item; ‘‘(4) using a purchase card without being an authorized purchase card holder; or ‘‘(5) violating ethics standards.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 725 the following new item: ‘‘727. Misuse of Department purchase cards.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the record on H.R. 5215. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5215, the Veterans Affairs Pur-chase Card Misuse Mitigation Act. This legislation is sponsored by my Veterans’ Affairs Committee col-leagues J
ACK BERGMAN , K ATHLEEN  R
ICE, MIKEBOST, Dr. N EALDUNN, and M
IKECOFFMAN . H.R. 5215 would implement an addi-tional safeguard in VA’s multibillion- dollar government purchase card pro-gram, which has too often lacked ade-quate controls and has periodically been abused. The legislation directs the Secretary to revoke the purchase card from any employee who is found to have intentionally misused it. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5215, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5215, the Veterans Affairs Purchase Card Mitigation Act. I have often said I am the VA’s staunchest supporter, but I will be their harshest critic. On this one, I will be their harshest critic. Time and again when we hear reports of VA employees misusing purchase cards, that cannot stand. Every dollar that is misused, whether it is through fraud, waste, or abuse, is one less dol-lar that is not being used towards vet-erans, and it is the taxpayers’ dollars that need to be guarded. This misuse erodes Congress’ ability to oversee the VA budget and the use of the money. Employees who misuse purchase cards should be held accountable and should be prevented from being a pur-chase card holder or authorizing offi-cial, because they can’t be trusted to follow the regulations or be good stew-ards of taxpayer dollars. This legislation will ensure that tax-payer dollars are protected from pur-chase card misuse. If you are doing it right, you can still use the card and it can serve veterans. If you choose to ig-nore the rules, you are not going to be able to do it anymore. It is pretty simple. It is a smart piece of legislation. I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ), our Over-sight and Investigations Subcommittee chair. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, govern-ment purchase cards are issued to Fed-eral employees to make small, simple purchases. Their transaction limit was $3,500, but the fiscal year 2018 NDAA in-creased that limit to $10,000. This in-crease will cause purchase card usage to go up, thereby increasing the chance for misuse. Purchase card transactions already total roughly $4 billion annually in the VA, and the program has been found repeatedly to lack adequate controls related to waste, fraud, and abuse. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, it is my job to monitor programs involving tax-payer dollars and veterans. That is why I introduced the Veterans Affairs Pur-chase Card Misuse Mitigation Act. It will mitigate the potential for misuse of purchase card spending by requiring the VA Secretary to revoke a purchase card from any employee found to have knowingly misused their card or ap-proval authority. Currently, penalties are applied slow-ly, if at all, and employees are very rarely terminated for purchase card misuse or abuse. H.R. 5215 creates a safeguard to stop purchase card misuse once it begins and holds bad actors ac-countable for all of their actions. Mr. Speaker, being a good steward of taxpayers’ dollars is my top priority, and this bill brings accountability to the necessary but problematic pur-chase card structure. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire of the gentleman whether he has any further speakers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.021 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4257 May 21, 2018 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I would like to note, on this, there are other issues at hand here. There are certainly some of these cases where people are just blatantly misusing them. That is a small per-centage. The vast majority is of leader-ship not implementing policies. Espe-cially we were talking about the med-ical-surgical supply formulary, and people are taking the shortcut to get-ting things instead of getting—we had this conversation on contracts and the way it should be done. The part about this is it isn’t some-body going out and buying themselves a new phone or something; it is them going out and buying things that are actually going to be used, but it is a stupid way to do it because we end up paying more money. We don’t have cer-tain contracts. It is just is not the way to budget. So I think this has a lot of really good things that it can do. One of them that it should continue to do is force VA leadership to have a better plan in place. We see it right here in the D.C. VA, not having this supply manage-ment piece down right. Mr. Speaker, I encourage support of this piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5215, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5215. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL- SURGICAL PURCHASING STA-BILIZATION ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5418) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor pro-gram using multiple prime vendors, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5418 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Af-fairs Medical-Surgical Purchasing Stabiliza-tion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MEDICAL SURGICAL PRIME VENDOR PRO-GRAM. 
(a) V ENDORS .—In procuring certain med-ical, surgical, and dental supplies or labora-tory supplies for medical centers of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out the Med-ical Surgical Prime Vendor program, or suc-cessor program, in a manner that— (1) requires the Secretary to award con-tracts to multiple regional prime vendors in-stead of a single nationwide prime vendor; and (2) prohibits a prime vendor from solely de-signing the formulary of such supplies. (b) CLINICALLY DRIVEN SOURCING .— (1) E
XPERTISE .—In carrying out the for-mulary of supplies under the Medical Sur-gical Prime Vendor program, or successor program, the Secretary shall ensure that each employee of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs who conducts formulary anal-yses or makes decisions with respect to in-cluding items on the formulary has medical expertise relevant to the items for which the employee conducts such analyses or makes such decisions. (2) L
ISTS.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quar-terly thereafter with respect to any updates, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a list of each employee described in paragraph (1) and the relevant medical expertise of the employee, listed by the categories of items in the for-mulary described in such paragraph. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on H.R. 5418, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5418, as amended, the Veterans Affairs Medical-Surgical Purchasing Stabilization Act. This legislation was introduced by General Bergman and is cosponsored by Representatives P
ETERS , BANKS , DUNN, and K USTER . VA’s medical-surgical prime vendor program is an ambitious effort to save money by establishing a medical-sur-gical formulary in leveraging the De-partment’s massive buying power. Un-fortunately, the results have fallen far short of expectations. I held a hearing on this subject last December and continue to monitor it closely. The formulary was originally created with little clinical input, and it does not contain what clinicians need. b1600 Over the past year, physicians, sur-geons, and nurses have been organized into teams to reevaluate the for-mulary. At one point, a group of clini-cians was essentially put in a room for a week to concentrate on the task, but the formulary remains troubled. Now, VA is restructuring the pro-gram to put the prime vendors in charge of negotiating the supplier con-tracts, but it remains crucial that VA get the formulary right. This is a mat-ter of safety as well as finances. H.R. 5418, as amended, would put cli-nicians with appropriate expertise back in charge of the formulary, which is the first step toward stabilizing the Medical-Surgical Prime Vendor Pro-gram. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5418, as amended, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5418, as amended. The Veterans Affairs Medical-Surgical Purchasing Stabiliza-tion Act ties into what we were just discussing. For many years, we have heard com-plaints that the VA formulary did not meet the needs of VA healthcare pro-viders, thus making the delivery of healthcare to our Nation’s heroes even more challenging. As VA worked toward a solution, the Government Accountability Office rec-ommended that clinicians who treat veterans should be at the center of the decision making. Involving clinicians at every step of building a medical supply formulary is the same best practice employed by other private sector and nonprofit hos-pitals. We have got wonderful physicians on this committee. It makes sense that they should be there. I have heard it time and time again over the years that we get better results when we do that. That is why this committee was con-cerned when VA proposed that it would outsource the development of its med-ical-surgical supply formulary to ven-dors who had no experience treating patients. This proposal goes against best practices in the private and non-profit healthcare industry. This legislation would prevent VA from outsourcing formulary develop-ment. It would also ensure VA follows best practices and sticks to a timeline so that VA facilities and vendors have a predictable, functional medical sup-ply. Now VA must demonstrate it is will-ing to put the right leadership and re-sources in place to appropriately man-age the project and ensure the actual end users of the formulary, the clini-cians treating veterans, have the sup-plies as needed. Mr. Speaker, again, another good piece of legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ), the Oversight and Investigation Subcommittee chair-man. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, the Medical-Surgical Prime Vendor Pro-gram is VA’s system of contracts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.023 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4258 May 21, 2018 
purchase and distribute medical and surgical supplies. VA attempted to create a centralized MSPV formulary to standardize the products its clinicians can buy as an idea to concentrate VA’s buying power to extract savings from fewer suppliers. But the formulary was developed with inadequate input from experi-enced clinicians, and as a result, it con-tains unwanted supplies while omitting necessary products. Because of these problems, usage of MSPV has failed to meet its objectives, putting some of the prime vendors and suppliers under financial strain, and threatening the stability of the pro-gram. H.R. 5418 preserves the MSPV’s cur-rent structure, consisting of multiple regional prime vendors, and it pro-hibits a move to a single nationwide prime vendor. The bill also requires that each VA employee making decisions related to the structure have medical expertise relevant to those items. H.R. 5418 ensures medical profes-sionals have the tools and resources they need to deliver world-class care to our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, this is a good piece of legislation, I support its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it is hard for me to believe we are going to pass a piece of legislation that has this much common sense in it. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5418, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
EED). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5418, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS’ COMPENSATION COST- OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4958) to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service- connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensa-tion for the survivors of certain dis-abled veterans, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4958 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2018’’. SEC. 2. INCREASE IN RATES OF DISABILITY COM-PENSATION AND DEPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSATION. 
(a) R ATE ADJUSTMENT .—Effective on De-cember 1, 2018, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall increase, in accordance with sub-section (c), the dollar amounts in effect on November 30, 2018, for the payment of dis-ability compensation and dependency and in-demnity compensation under the provisions specified in subsection (b). (b) A
MOUNTS TOBEINCREASED .—The dollar amounts to be increased pursuant to sub-section (a) are the following: (1) W
ARTIME DISABILITY COMPENSATION .— Each of the dollar amounts under section 1114 of title 38, United States Code. (2) A
DDITIONAL COMPENSATION FOR DEPEND -
ENTS .—Each of the dollar amounts under sec-tion 1115(1) of such title. (3) C
LOTHING ALLOWANCE .—The dollar amount under section 1162 of such title. (4) D
EPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA -
TION TO SURVIVING SPOUSE .—Each of the dol-lar amounts under subsections (a) through (d) of section 1311 of such title. (5) D
EPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA -
TION TO CHILDREN .—Each of the dollar amounts under sections 1313(a) and 1314 of such title. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF INCREASE .—Each dol- lar amount described in subsection (b) shall be increased by the same percentage as the percentage by which benefit amounts pay-able under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) are increased effective December 1, 2018, as a result of a determina-tion under section 215(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). (d) S
PECIAL RULE.—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may adjust administratively, consistent with the increases made under subsection (a), the rates of disability com-pensation payable to persons under section 10 of Public Law 85–857 (72 Stat. 1263) who have not received compensation under chap-ter 11 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. PUBLICATION OF ADJUSTED RATES. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall publish in the Federal Register the amounts specified in section 2(b), as increased under that section, not later than the date on which the matters specified in section 215(i)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)(2)(D)) are required to be pub-lished by reason of a determination made under section 215(i) of such Act during fiscal year 2019. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4958. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4958, the Veterans’ Com-pensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2018. This bill was introduced by the sub-committee chairman, M
IKEBOSTof Il-linois, and I appreciate his leadership on this issue. VA provides compensation to help fulfill our obligation to take care of the brave men and women who have been injured during their service to our Nation. This money can be a lifeline for vet-erans who have service-connected dis-abilities that may affect their earning ability. These veterans often have families to support, and they should not be wor-ried about how they are going to pay their bills when prices go up. This bill will help ensure that the value of veterans’ benefits are not eroded by inflation by giving veterans a cost-of-living increase if Social Secu-rity recipients receive one this year. The amount of the increase will be determined by the consumer price index, which establishes the COLA for Social Security beneficiaries. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4958, the Veterans Compensa-tion Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act. As the chairman said, it is our re-sponsibility to make sure the guar-antee of these benefits is not eroded by inflation. It provides for a simple cost- of-living adjustment at the same rate as set for Social Security benefits. It may seem like a small amount in any one year, but without the adjustment for inflation, the impact on veterans’ finances is significant when com-pounded over time. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the subcommittee chairman, MIKEBOST, for his work, and E
LIZABETH ESTY, both for cosponsoring the bill and bringing it to us today. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OE and his staff for their work clearing this bill. It is an important one. Our veterans have been waiting for word on this. I think I am happy to report it looks like we have taken that step moving it forward. It will make a lot of folks happy. I hear about this one a lot, so you know it is on their minds. It just makes sense, and doing it before Me-morial Day sends a really strong mes-sage. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 4958, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST), our Disability As-sistance and Memorial Affairs Sub-committee chairman. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, this is a must-pass bill. Many disabled veterans and their families depend on their veterans’ ben-efits to pay for things like food and medicine. For many of these veterans, these payments are a lifeline. In some cases, these benefits may even be the only in-come these veterans have. It is only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.026 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4259 May 21, 2018 
fair that we ensure that the benefits paid to veterans who were injured dur-ing their military service do not lose value because of inflation. If we don’t, it could become hard for people who were injured while serving this Nation in uniform to keep their heads above water. H.R. 4958 would financially protect the veterans who protected us by pro-viding a cost-of-living increase. The amount of the COLA will be the same increase that Social Security bene-ficiaries will receive. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Disability Assistance and Memorial Af-fairs ranking member, Ms. E
STY, for being the lead cosponsor of this bill with me. This bill has also enjoyed bi-partisan support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4958 and help disabled vet-erans and their families keep up with the rising costs of basic necessities. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, this is a good piece of legislation. I thank the gentleman for bringing it up. The tax-payers understand that this is exactly what we are supposed to be doing. I en-courage a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the subcommittee chair-man and Marine veteran, M
IKEBOST, for bringing this up. It is a great piece of legislation. I encourage all Members to support H.R. 4958, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4958, the Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2018. H.R. 4958 directs the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to increase, as of December 1, 2018, the rates of veterans’ disability com-pensation, additional compensation for de-pendents, the clothing allowance for certain disabled veterans, and dependency and in-demnity compensation for surviving spouses and children. The bill increases the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain dis-abled veterans. For the brave military men and women serv-ing our country, this will help offset the cost of living in higher cost areas of the country. Our nation owes a great debt to these fear-less men and women defending our nation. Providing cost of living adjustments to keep up with inflation is an effective way to honor their sacrifice. Many of our veterans rely on the disability benefits they receive from the Department of Veterans Affairs to merely make ends meet. While Social Security benefits are automati-cally adjusted annually to keep pace with infla-tion, Congress must pass legislation every year to increase the rates of veteran disability compensation. Unfortunately, it requires an act of Congress to make this same adjustment for our nation’s veterans. Passing H.R. 4958 ensures that our nation’s veterans are able to receive the same annual cost of living adjustment of Social Security re-cipients. The community-integrated rehabilitation treatment provided by the pilot program will serve as a vital resource to our veterans as they overcome burdensome health problems. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 4958 to show their support and gratitude for the many sacrifices made by our service men and women. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4958. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SERVICE-DISABLED VETERANS SMALL BUSINESS CONTINUATION ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5044) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of certain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and pref-erences of the Department of Veterans Affairs. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5044 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Service-Dis-abled Veterans Small Business Continuation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT REGARDING TREATMENT OF CERTAIN SUR-VIVING SPOUSES UNDER CON-TRACTING GOALS AND PREF-ERENCES OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
Effective on the date specified in sub-section (e) of section 1832 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2660), section 8127(k)(3) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by such section 1832, is further amended by inserting after the period at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A surviving spouse of such a veteran who is not covered by subparagraph (C)(i) of such section by rea-son of the disability rating of the veteran being less than 100 percent shall be treated as being so covered during the period begin-ning on the date of the death of the veteran and ending on the date that is three years after such death, the date on which the sur-viving spouse remarries, or the date on which the surviving spouse relinquishes an ownership interest in the small business con-cern, whichever occurs first.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5044. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5044, Service-Disabled Veterans Small Business Continuation Act. Current law authorizes a special set- aside program at the Department of Veterans Affairs for veteran-owned small businesses and Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses called Vets First Program. This program has been highly successful in providing VOSBs and SDVOSBs more opportuni-ties, so much so that VA spent almost 20 percent of all contracting dollars with these firms in 2017. While we should all laud the success of the program, there has been concern that current law did not appropriately address concerns of what happens to awards and contracts of VOSB and SDVOSB when the veteran owner dies. The sudden death of a veteran could bring significant upheaval for a small business as they lose their VA con-tracts, which can impact not only the veteran’s family, but employees as well. H.R. 5044 would clarify and authorize the spouses of veterans who died with less than a 100-percent disability rating to maintain VOSB and SDVOSB status for up to 3 years following the vet-eran’s death. I believe this change to current law is an appropriate way to continue the success of the Vets First Program without hurting other veteran firms. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Chairman CHABOT , for introducing this bill, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5044, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong sup-port of H.R. 5044. The gentleman has brought a really important point for-ward. Currently, if a veteran’s death re-sults in their small business becoming less than 51 percent owned by a service- disabled veteran, the surviving spouse can acquire the veteran’s ownership in-terest if the veteran had a 100-percent disability rating. This allows the sur-viving spouse to keep their loved one’s small business status. However, the surviving spouse of a deceased veteran who had less than a 100-percent disability is not allowed to do the same. This is a clear-cut case, I think, of spirit and intent of the law. I don’t think anyone intended for a 60-percent service-disabled veteran who maybe lost a limb in combat, and then who dies, for their spouse to lose their eligi-bility. It is a really important point to bring up. This bill will now permit a surviving spouse to maintain a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business status 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.028 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4260 May 21, 2018 
for a period of 3 years after the vet-eran’s death, or until the spouse remar-ries. This simply allows a Gold Star spouse a bit more time after a loved one’s death to settle any business af-fairs of the deceased spouse it had. It is the right thing to do to ease the burden that comes with the loss of a spouse in expression of our gratitude for their family’s service. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-tleman from Ohio’s willingness to point this out, I strongly support this, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). This is his piece of legislation. I appreciate him being here on the floor today. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZfor their leadership. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5044, the Service-Disabled Veterans Small Business Continuation Act. This bill ensures that the surviving spouses of Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses are able to re-tain the Service Disabled Veteran Owned status of their small business for 3 years, as was mentioned, after the passing of the veteran spouse. This policy is already codified in title 38 of the United States Code. How-ever, there is a lack of parity between title 38 and the Small Business Act. I have heard from several small busi-nesses about this issue, including one in my district, that this discrepancy creates legal uncertainty and confusion in the application of this important policy. What we are trying to do is clear it up. To guarantee clarity and certainty for the administration of these Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Busi-nesses, the Small Business Act must conform with the policy prescribed in title 38. b1615 H.R. 5044 dispels any legal uncer-tainty, ensuring that these important policy changes to the law are sus-tained. Most importantly, this bill pro-vides peace of mind for surviving spouses of veteran business owners. And one of the main things a veteran is always looking out for is making sure that his or her spouse is taken care of after they are gone. So this will not only give the surviving spouse peace of mind, but the veteran himself or her-self peace of mind ahead of time. Again, I thank the chairman and the ranking member and members of the House Veterans Affairs’ Committee for their leadership in clearing this up and, again, giving peace of mind to veterans and their spouses all over America. I would urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5044. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, this is a good piece of legislation. I am grateful for the gentleman bringing it up. I en-courage its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 5044, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5044, the Service-Dis-abled Veterans Small Business Continuation Act. H.R. 5044 amends title 38, of the United States Code to clarify the treatment of certain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and preferences of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Nearly 1 in 10 small businesses are owned by veterans and among these veteran-owned businesses, they collectively have generated over $1 trillion in sales. When the owner of a Service-Disabled Vet-eran-Owned Small Business passes away, his or her spouse is permitted to inherit the busi-ness and retain priority status to obtain VA contracts in the federal procurement market-place. In obtaining goods and services, the VA provides a special preference to firms owned and controlled by veterans with service-con-nected disabilities. Surviving spouses of veterans with service- connected disabilities rated at 100 percent are eligible to retain this preferential contracting status for up to 10 years after the veteran’s death. Passing H.R. 5044 would authorize similar treatment for surviving spouses of veterans whose service-connected disabilities are rated less than 100 percent and it would enable these spouses to retain priority status for ob-taining contracts for up to three years. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5044 protects widows and widowers from any major disruptions to their businesses during one of the most dif-ficult times in their lives, the passing of a loved one who bravely served our country. Mr. Speaker, our veterans bravely put their lives on the line to defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe. For those who end up making the ultimate sacrifice for our nation, it is crucial that we honor their sacrifice any way we can by honoring the widows and widowers. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5540 to show their gratitude for the sacrifices made by our service men and women, and to maintain the livelihood of their spouses. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5044. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REDESIGNATING CERTAIN CLINICS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS LOCATED IN MONTANA Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1282) to redesignate certain clinics of the Department of Veterans Affairs located in Montana. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1282 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF CERTAIN DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINICS IN MONTANA. 
(a) D AVID J. T HATCHER VA C LINIC .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 2687 Palmer Street in Missoula, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘David J. Thatcher VA Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the David J. Thatcher VA Clinic. (b) D
R. JOSEPH MEDICINE CROW VA C LIN-
IC.— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 1775 Spring Creek Lane in Billings, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Dr. Jo-seph Medicine Crow VA Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow VA Clinic. (3) P
UBLIC DISPLAY OF NAME .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any local public display of the name of the clinic referred to in para-graph (1) carried out by the United States or through the use of Federal funds shall in-clude the English name, Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow, and the Crow name, Dakaak Baako, of Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow. (B) L
OCAL DISPLAY .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), a local public display of the name of the clinic referred to in paragraph (1) includes a display inside the clinic, on the campus of the clinic, and in the community surrounding the clinic, such as signs direct-ing individuals to the clinic. (c) B
ENJAMIN CHARLES STEELE VA C LINIC .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs located at 1766 Ma-jestic Lane in Billings, Montana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Benjamin Charles Steele VA Clinic’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clinic re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a reference to the Benjamin Charles Steele VA Clinic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add ex-traneous material on S. 1282. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1282, to designate certain clinics 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.030 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4261 May 21, 2018 
in the Department of Veterans Affairs located in Montana. This bill is spon-sored by Senator D
AINES from Mon-tana, and I am grateful to him for in-troducing this legislation in honor of three American heroes. The first is Sergeant David J. Thatcher, who was born in Bridger, Montana, and joined the U.S. Army in 1940. Following the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor, Sergeant Thatcher vol-unteered for a secret mission, the Doo-little Raid. He was the engineer and tail gunner for crew number 7, the Rup-tured Duck. The crew successfully carried out the mission and attempted to fly to China. The aircraft ran out of fuel and was forced to make an emergency landing on a beach. The violent landing caused serious injury to all crew members be-sides Sergeant Thatcher. Thankfully, he was able to drag his men from the wreckage and lead them to safety after avoiding several Japanese patrols. For his bravery in saving the lives of his crew, Thatcher was awarded the Silver Star. His other decorations in-cluded the Distinguished Flying Cross; Air Medal with four Oak Leaf Clusters; and the Chinese Army, Navy, and Air Corps Medal, Class A, First Grade. S. 1282, would further honor him by naming the clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs, located at 2687 Palm-er Street in Missoula, Montana, the David J. Thatcher Department of Vet-erans Affairs Clinic. I can think of no better name after reading that. The second American hero who would be honored by this bill is Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow, who was born on the Crow Indian Reservation near Lodge Grass, Montana. Dr. Medicine Crow went on to get his bachelor’s degree from Linfield College and master’s de-gree in anthropology from the Univer-sity of Southern California in Los An-geles in 1939. He was the first member of the Crow Tribe to obtain a master’s degree. After the war broke out, Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow joined the Army and be-came a scout in the 103rd Infantry Di-vision. While at war, he completed all four tasks required to become a war chief: touching an enemy without kill-ing him, taking an enemy’s weapon, leading a successful war party, and stealing an enemy’s horse. He is the last member of the Crow Tribe to be-come a war chief. After serving in the Army, Dr. Medi-cine Crow returned to the Crow Agency and was appointed Tribal historian and anthropologist. He was appointed the keeper of memories of his Tribe and published many historical books. Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow continued to write and lecture at universities and public institutions until his passing at the young age of 102. I am truly honored to rename the VA clinic located 1775 Spring Creek Lane in Billings, Montana, the Dr. Joseph Medicine Crow Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. The final hero to be recognized by this bill is Ben Steele. Mr. Steele was born in Billings, Montana, and grad-uated from Billings Senior High School. In 1941, Mr. Steele enlisted in the Army Air Corps, where he was assigned to the 7th Material Squadron, 19th Bombardment Group. His group was as-signed to the Philippine Islands, and during the ensuing Japanese invasion, Mr. Steele fought to defend his base on Bataan. After his capture, Mr. Steele was forced to endure the horrendous Bataan Death March and was a Japa-nese prisoner of war for 3
1⁄2years. After the war, Mr. Steele was a true renaissance man, consulting for the Department of Defense, serving as the crafts director of the Military District of Washington, D.C., chairing the art department of Eastern Montana Col-lege, and giving workshops, demonstra-tions, and lectures at museums, schools, and civic centers. As a survivor of the Bataan Death March, Mr. Steele was devoted to his Creator, his family, his country, and his art. In his memory, I am privileged to support this bill to rename the clin-ic of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs at 1766 Majestic Lane in Billings, Montana, the Benjamin Charles Steele Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. This legislation satisfies all of the committee’s naming criteria, is co-sponsored by the entire Montana con-gressional delegation, and is supported by many VSOs. I am proud to support it as well, and I urge all of my col-leagues to join me. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in strong support of S. 1282, which names three veterans clinics in Montana. Again, I will reiterate what I said earlier, that sometimes I hear people disparagingly talk about how we are not doing anything in Congress except naming VA clinics and post offices. That is right. We are naming three VA clinics for three American heroes again. You just heard Chairman R
OE give the stories of David Thatcher, Ben Steele, and Dakaak Baako and what they did for this Nation. These are movie scripts in any other world, except this is real life, real American heroes who did exactly what was asked of them and then, in each one of these cases, returned back home to build this Nation. I oftentimes, and I will continue to say it, when you drive by a VA clinic and there is a name on it, google it, be-cause you will be amazed at what your fellow citizens can do. Mr. Speaker, I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, as I close, I can’t encourage my Mem-bers enough to vote for this. My history professor in college was a survivor of the Bataan Death March. He wrote a book, ‘‘Apocalypse Undone: My Survival of Japanese Imprisonment During World War II,’’ and told me he had never slept through the night until he wrote that book. I wonder if these two gentlemen, Mr. Steele and my professor, knew each other. I hope they did. They both lived to have successful lives, and this truly was and is the Greatest Generation. There is no question about what these men did when they returned home. So once again, I encourage everyone to support this, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1282. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS VA MEDICAL CENTER Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3663) to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3663 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION OF HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS VA MEDICAL CENTER IN HUNTINGTON, WEST VIRGINIA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Hun-tington, West Virginia, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Hershel ‘Woody’ Williams VA Medical Center’’. (b) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the medical center referred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3663, to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.033 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4262 May 21, 2018 
Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. This bill is sponsored by my friend and colleague E
VANJENKINS , and I am grateful to him for introducing this legislation in honor of an American hero. Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams enlisted in the Marine Corps on May 26, 1943, in Charleston, West Virginia. Following his training, Corporal Williams was de-ployed to participate in the invasion of Iwo Jima. On February 23, 1945, a sys-tem of enemy pill boxes pinned down his unit. With a 70-pound flamethrower and covering fire from only four riflemen, Corporal Williams braved the viscous barrage and charged forward alone. He fought 4 hours, successfully destroying several enemy strongholds and saving the lives of countless marines. Corporal Williams fought the en-tirety of the 5-week battle for the is-land despite suffering a wound for which he was awarded a Purple Heart. For his actions and his heroism in the face of brutal combat, President Tru-man awarded Corporal Williams a Medal of Honor on October 5, 1945. After 20 years of service, he retired from the Marine Corps Reserve and worked with the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Now he serves on the Governor’s West Virginia Military Ad-visory Board and runs the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams Medal of Honor Foundation, a not-for-profit that erects monuments to honor Gold Star fami-lies and provides scholarships to eligi-ble Gold Star children. Today, Corporal Williams is the only surviving marine to have received the Medal of Honor during the Second World War, and I am privileged to sup-port H.R. 3663 in his honor. This legislation satisfies all of the committee’s naming criteria and is sponsored by the entire West Virginia congressional delegation, and is sup-ported by many VSOs. As an aside, Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of attending an event in Kingsport, Tennessee, where Corporal Williams was the sponsor for our me-morial that is there in Kingsport, Ten-nessee. I want to thank my West Virginia colleagues for bringing this up. I thank Congressman E
VAN JENKINS for intro-ducing this bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I, too, rise in support of designating the VA medical center in Huntington, West Virginia, the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. You are going to hear more detail from the gentleman from West Vir-ginia, but it is once again proving the point that these are not exercises in fu-tility. This is how America honors and remembers. Our children need to know who these people were when their name shows up on the VA medical center. On this one, I think the gentleman from West Virginia knows this, but we were discussing this over here, all of us in Minnesota got to know who he was last February when the world was watching. Some of us remember the moment when people said: ‘‘Who is that marine who walked out and tossed the coin at the Super Bowl?’’ It was this gentleman. I remember the sense of pride and the sense of awe, and we kind of got things into perspective because they told a little background on his story: that we were going to watch a game, and this gentleman was out there fighting for the freedoms to allow that game to happen. It was a wonderful moment. I am cer-tainly proud and grateful to encourage people to cast a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this piece of legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman, for yielding. Today, we are voting on H.R. 3663, which would rename the Huntington VA Medical Center in honor of Cor-poral Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams. I first met Woody more than 20 years ago when I was elected to the State legislature. Over the more than two decades I have known him, Woody has never stopped fighting for his fellow veterans. I am honored to call him a constituent and a friend. At 94 years young, Woody is still a vocal advocate for our veterans and their families. Whether it be at count-less legislative committee hearings, veterans recognition and appreciation events, or Veterans Day and Memorial Day commemorations, Woody is there fighting for our veterans. Woody is an unbelievably brave and kind man. Not only did he demonstrate extraordinary heroism at Iwo Jima, but he has dedicated his life to serving veterans and our community. Each year our local Boy Scouts—our local Scout council—gets all newly elected Eagle Scouts together and Woody is in-vited to come and spend time with the boys to share a few thoughts. When my two sons became Eagles, Woody shook their hands. He looked them in the eye and challenged them to conduct their life according to the Scout oath and motto, to do their duty to God and country, which is exactly how he has lived his life. Throughout West Virginia and the Nation, Woody is best known for his brave efforts in the Pacific Theater during World War II. b1630 Corporal Williams was a demolition sergeant serving with the 21st Marines, 3rd Marine Division when American troops landed on Iwo Jima. I would like to read now from Cor-poral Williams’ Medal of Honor cita-tion: ‘‘Quick to volunteer his services when our tanks were maneuvering vainly to open a lane for the infantry through the network of reinforced con-crete pillboxes, buried mines, and black volcanic sands, Corporal Wil-liams daringly went forward alone to attempt the reduction of devastating machine gun fire from the unyielding positions. ‘‘Covered only by four riflemen, he fought desperately for 4 hours under terrific enemy small arms fire and re-peatedly returned to his own lines to prepare demolition charges and obtain serviced flamethrowers, struggling back frequently to the rear of hostile encampments to wipe out one position after another. ‘‘Corporal Williams’ aggressive fight-ing spirit and valiant devotion to duty throughout this fiercely contested ac-tion sustain and enhance the highest traditions of the U.S. Naval Service.’’ Woody Williams believed in some-thing greater than himself. His country asked, and he answered. Corporal Wil-liams was there, in that place, at that time, when his country needed him the most. Following his military service, Woody continued to serve our Nation as a veterans service representative for the Department of Veterans Affairs. He also founded the Hershel Woody Wil-liams Medal of Honor Foundation to recognize the sacrifices of our Nation’s Gold Star families. Woody is an example of the best that West Virginia and our Nation have to offer, and he is, quite simply, an Amer-ican hero. Renaming the Huntington VA Medical Center to honor his service would be a fitting tribute for all he has done for our veterans and their fami-lies. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for this opportunity. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ), who is my good friend. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 3663, which would name the VA medical center in Huntington, West Virginia, after a true American hero and my personal friend, Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams. Woody is recognized as the last living Medal of Honor recipient from the no-toriously horrific Battle of Iwo Jima; but in West Virginia, Woody is known far more for his work on behalf of vet-erans. Upon his retirement from the Ma-rines, Woody served 33 years as a coun-selor with the Department of Veterans Affairs. He served as the commandant of the veterans nursing home in Barboursville, West Virginia, for years, providing care to aging veterans. Then, in 2012, he helped start a Medal of Honor foundation dedicated to hon-oring Gold Star families and their fall-en loved ones. The foundation has erected monu-ments in 36 States, like Tennessee, and offers scholarships to children in Gold Star families. Woody frequently trav-els to Washington to participate in spe-cial ceremonies at Arlington National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.036 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4263 May 21, 2018 
Cemetery in honor of our fallen heroes. Earlier this year, as my colleague had mentioned, he received national rec-ognition for his service to our country when he was asked to perform the coin toss for the Super Bowl. It is often said that the character of a person isn’t measured by their ac-tions while in the limelight, but rather by the work they do when they are not being in the light, when no one is look-ing. Woody’s life is a manifestation of working behind the scenes. He has been unwavering in his support for our vet-erans, and Congress has an opportunity to offer him our heartfelt thanks and gratitude. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 3663, and I thank my colleague, E
VANJENKINS , for this introduction of the bill and his support for Woody Williams. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ), who is my good friend. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation, as well as legislation I introduced along with the Montana Senate delegation to honor three Montana veterans by re-naming three Department of Veterans Affairs facilities in their honor. These three veterans have shown the true spirit and dedication all Montanans and Americans should aspire to. Ben Steele from Roundup, Montana, joined the Army Air Corps and was sta-tioned at Clark Field in the Philippines in 1941 when he was 24. Following the Japanese invasion, Ben fought on Ba-taan and survived the Bataan Death March. He was held prisoner for 3
1⁄2 years, and sketched with charcoal scenes on concrete and secret scraps of paper. Some of his work is still on dis-play in the MacArthur Museum in Nor-folk. After the war, he continued his passion for art and taught at MSU-Bil-lings for 33 years. Mr. Steele passed away in September of 2016 at the age of 98. The only thing he liked more than art was fishing. I am proud that the Billings Community Based Specialty Clinic will be renamed in honor of Benjamin Charles Steele. David Thatcher enlisted in the Army Air Corps in December of 1940. Fol-lowing the attacks on Pearl Harbor, Mr. Thatcher volunteered for a secret mission joining Jimmy Doolittle in a bombing mission over Tokyo. Serving as a B–25 tail gunner on the Ruptured Duck, Thatcher saved the lives of his crew when the plane crashed into the sea trying to make landfall in China after the raid. For his actions, Thatch-er was awarded the Silver Star. The Ruptured Duck was piloted by Lieutenant Ted Lawson, who wrote ‘‘Thirty Seconds over Tokyo.’’ Robert Walker played Thatcher in the movie. Thatcher flew in the African and Eu-ropean theaters for the rest of the war. Thatcher worked for the Postal Service for 30 years following his Army career and was an avid outdoorsman. He passed away in June, 2016, at the age of 94. The community-based outpatient clinic in Missoula will be designated in his honor. The community-based outpatient clinic on Spring Creek Lane in Billings will be designated in honor of Dr. Jo-seph Medicine Crow. Dr. Medicine Crow was born in the Crow Indian Reserva-tion in 1913 and was the first member of the tribe to receive a master’s de-gree, graduating from the University of Southern California in 1939. After working in the naval shipyard in Bremerton, Medicine Crow joined the Army in 1943 and served as a scout in the 103rd Infantry Division in Eu-rope. He became the last surviving war chief of the Crow Nation, having suc-cessfully led a war party, stolen horses from the Nazi SS, disarming an enemy and capturing him without killing him. For his service in World War II, he re-ceived the Bronze Star and the French Legion of Honor. After the war, he worked for the Crow Agency and the Bureau of Indian Affairs as well as the Little Big Horn College. He has served on numerous boards and educational commissions. He even addressed the United Nations. He passed away in April of 2016. Mr. Speaker, while their friends and families know their great deeds, I am honored to share this story with you and the rest of the country. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. In closing, once again, Mr. Speaker, I would just remind everyone here that these are not just naming bills. This is our history; it is important. The four stories told today are an amazing tes-tament to what bill we can do as a peo-ple, and these individuals deserve this honor. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ What I say to Woody is: thank you, thank you, thank you. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3663. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Gabrielle Cuccia, one of his secretaries. HOMELESS VETERANS’ RE-INTEGRATION PROGRAMS REAU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4451) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligi-bility for services under such pro-grams, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4451 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homeless Vet-erans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF HOMELESS VET-ERANS REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) F IVE-YEAREXTENSION OF HOMELESS VET-
ERANS REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS .—Section 2021(e)(1)(F) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (b) F
IVE-YEAR EXTENSION OF HOMELESS  W
OMEN VETERANS AND HOMELESS VETERANS  W
ITHCHILDREN REINTEGRATION GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 2021A(f)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (c) C
LARIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR SERV-
ICES UNDER HOMELESS VETERANS REINTEGRA -
TION PROGRAMS .—Section 2021(a) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘reintegration of homeless veterans into the labor force.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘reintegration into the labor force of— ‘‘(1) homeless veterans (including veterans who were homeless but found housing during the 60-day period preceding the date on which the veteran begins to participate in a program under this section); ‘‘(2) veterans participating in the Department of Veterans Affairs supported housing program for which rental assistance is provided pursuant to section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)) or the Tribal HUD–VA Supportive Housing (Tribal HUD– VASH) program; ‘‘(3) Indians who are veterans and receiving assistance under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.); ‘‘(4) veterans described in section 2023(e) of this title or any other veterans who are transitioning from being incarcerated; and ‘‘(5) veterans participating in the Department of Veterans Affairs rapid rehousing and preven-tion program authorized in section 2044 of this title.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on H.R. 4451, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.038 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4264 May 21, 2018 
There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4451, as amended. This bill would reauthorize the Homeless Vet-erans’ Reintegration Program, known as HVRP, and Homeless Women Vet-erans and Homeless Veterans With Children Reintegration Grant Pro-gram, through fiscal year 2022. These are grant programs managed by the U.S. Department of Labor’s Vet-erans Employment and Training Serv-ice. Grants are made generally to non-profit, community-based organizations to fund efforts to train and place home-less veterans in jobs. This has been a highly successful pro-gram that puts homeless veterans back on the path to self-reliance and sus-tainability and is worthy of Congress’ continued support and funding. This bill would also clarify that homeless veterans who are eligible for other federally funded homeless vet-eran programs are also eligible to re-ceive training and employment serv-ices provided by grantees through HVRP and HVRP-W. I believe that expanding eligibility for HVRP and HVRP-W will provide participants in these programs better access to job training programs that can help homeless veterans on their path to sustainable employment and positive outcomes. This expansion would also occur without impacting current authorization levels for this program. I want to thank Congressman W
ENSTRUP and Congresswoman B
ROWNLEY for introducing this must- pass bill, which has my full support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4451, as amended, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4451, and thank the gentleman and ev-eryone involved in this piece of legisla-tion. Veteran homelessness, combating it and reducing it to zero, has been a focus of this committee for many years. Direct services provided by HVRP in-clude placement, skills training, job development, career counseling, and resume writing. It is the only nation-wide program focused on assisting homeless veterans in reintegrating into the workforce. This is incredibly im-portant because reintegrating homeless veterans into the workforce is the best way to ensure that they do not reenter homelessness again. This would reauthorize the program for 5 years. Reducing veteran homeless-ness remains our priority. I believe this piece of legislation will get us there. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ), who is my Health Subcommittee chair. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague and Chairman ROEfor yielding. In November of last year, I joined my colleague and the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee, Representa-tive B
ROWNLEY , in reintroducing H.R. 4451, the Homeless Veterans’ Re-integration Programs Reauthorization Act. This bill would provide much-needed services to our veterans transitioning out of homelessness and ensure no vet-eran falls through unintended legisla-tive gaps in programs. We do this by reauthorizing through fiscal year 2022 the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program, along with programs de-signed for female homeless veterans and homeless veterans with children. Additionally, the bill would clarify that those eligible for housing assist-ance from either a Federal or non-Fed-eral entity are also eligible for the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Pro-gram. Currently, a gap arises because the Department of Labor considers vet-erans participating in these housing as-sistance programs to no longer be de-fined as homeless. As such, they are unable to participate in the Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Program, a program that provides vital employ-ment assistance and training. By prioritizing the reintegration of homeless and recently homeless vet-erans, we will empower our veterans to reenter the workforce and help them regain self-sufficiency. b1645 Our veterans have sacrificed so much for our country, and we must ensure that they have the tools to succeed in civilian life. I am proud of Chairman R
OE’s and the House Veterans’ Affairs Commit-tee’s commitment to reducing veteran homelessness, and I believe that this legislation only further supports this committee’s goals. I urge all my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ), my good friend. She is a true champion of veterans and is the conscience on this issue in our committee of alleviating veterans’ homelessness. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4451, the Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthoriza-tion Act. I thank the gentleman from Ohio, the chair of the House Veterans’ Affairs Health Subcommittee, for partnering with me to introduce this important legislation. Our Nation’s servicemembers under-take enormous sacrifices every day to keep us safe, and we must ensure they can smoothly transition back into ci-vilian life when they come home. Un-fortunately, however, too many of our returning servicemembers are strug-gling with homelessness. In 2017, HUD’s annual survey found that veteran homelessness increased by 1.5 percent after years of declining per-centages. Los Angeles County, which I represent a part of, saw a 57 percent in-crease in the number of homeless vet-erans just in the past year. While our local partners are com-mitted to working together with the VA and other Federal agencies to en-sure all veterans have access to safe and affordable housing, clearly, we need to be using every tool in our tool-box to end veteran homelessness com-pletely. That means supporting both the housing programs and wraparound services necessary to heal and to house our veterans. Today’s legislation will allow vet-erans who have struggled with home-lessness to remain eligible for job serv-ices while utilizing VA housing pro-grams. This will help more veterans break the cycle of homelessness, sup-port themselves and their families, and get back on their feet. Again, I thank the chairman for championing this issue together, and the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans for highlighting this problem in testimony before the committee, and for their support of the bill. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the gentleman from Ohio and the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia for addressing this. It is a smart move to do this, continuing to keep our focus. While our numbers are improv-ing in areas, we know this is a zero- sum proposition. Any veteran on the street is one too many. So I appreciate any effort that is made. This is a good piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. When I came to Congress in 2009, there were over 100,0000 homeless vet-erans in the United States. General Shinseki, our Secretary at that time, set out to eliminate veteran homeless-ness in the next 6 or 7 years. It was a very ambitious task. Great progress has been made. I have visited the West L.A. campus and seen what they are doing in Los Angeles and Los Angeles County. As my good friend, T
IMWALZ, said, one homeless veteran is one too many. For people who may be watching this today, we as a country are providing HUD-VASH vouchers for veterans who can use these, along with a case man-ager. But that is only part of it. Many of these veterans have many other issues and there are other programs that need to be available for these men 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.042 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4265 May 21, 2018 
and women who find themselves in this situation. This is one of them where you can access job training so you can get a meaningful job and take care of yourself. Actually, I think this pro-gram and the other one end up paying for themselves over time. Mr. Speaker, I want to encourage my colleagues to support this, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4451, Homeless Vet-erans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2017. H.R. 4451 proposes an amendment to Title 38 of the United States Code to provide for a five-year extension to homeless veterans re-integration programs and to provide clarifica-tion regarding eligibility for services under such programs. This bill includes the reauthorization of re-integration programs among those for whom job training, counseling, and placement serv-ices are to be provided to expedite their re-integration into the labor force. These services provided to homeless vet-erans include the VA supported housing pro-gram, assistance under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act of 1996, transitioning from being incarcer-ated, and participating in the VA’s rapid re- housing and homelessness prevention pro-gram. Mr. Speaker, our United States veterans bravely put their lives on the line to defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe. Without the brave efforts of all the soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines and Coast Guards-men and women and their families, our coun-try would not live so freely. Homelessness among the American veteran population is on the rise in the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to those who have given so much to us. We as a nation have a responsibility to our veterans to provide programs that aid in their reintegration back into the labor force. Nearly 230,000 veterans and their families have been able to come back from homeless and find permanent homes since 2010. By passing H.R. 4451, homeless veterans will receive assistance to enhance their quality of life and community integration. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 4451. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4451, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
IMPROVING OVERSIGHT OF WOMEN VETERANS’ CARE ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4334) to provide for certain reporting requirements relating to medical care for women veterans pro-vided by the Department of Veterans Affairs and through contracts entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs with non-Department medical providers, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4334 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Oversight of Women Veterans’ Care Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL REPORT ON VETERAN ACCESS TO COVERED SEX-SPECIFIC SERV-ICES UNDER COMMUNITY CARE CONTRACTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—The Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives an annual report on the access of women veterans to covered sex-specific medical care under con-tracts with non-Department medical pro-viders entered into by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs for the provision of hospital care or medical services to veterans eligible for enrollment in the patient enrollment sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs maintained under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code. Such report shall in-clude data and performance measures for the availability of covered sex-specific medical care, including— (1) the average wait time between the vet-eran’s preferred appointment date and the date on which the appointment is completed; (2) driving time required for veterans to at-tend appointments; and (3) reasons why appointments could not be scheduled with non-Department medical pro-viders. (b) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit a report under this section shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) C
OVERED SEX-SPECIFIC MEDICAL CARE.— In this section, the term ‘‘covered sex-spe-cific medical care’’ means mammography, maternity care, and gynecological care. 
SEC. 3. REPORTING ON VETERANS HEALTH AD-MINISTRATION ENVIRONMENT OF CARE STANDARDS FOR WOMEN VET-ERANS. 
(a) M EDICAL FACILITY REPORTING .—Each medical facility of the Department shall sub-mit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs a quarterly report on the compliance and non-compliance of the facility with the environ-ment of care standards for women veterans. Each such report shall include the name of each person associated with such facility who is responsible for such compliance and the specific role or responsibility assigned to each such person. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the plan of the Sec-retary to strengthen the environment of care standards for women veterans at Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities. Such report shall include— (1) a description of the process established to verify that noncompliance information re-ported under subsection (a) is accurate and complete; and (2) a description of the method by which the Secretary will— (A) ensure that all patient care areas of each Department medical facility are in-spected as required; and (B) expand the list of items that facility staff inspect for compliance to align with the women’s health handbook of the Veterans Health Administration. (c) SUNSET .—The requirement to submit a report under this section shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) E
NVIRONMENT OF CARESTANDARDS FOR  W
OMEN VETERANS .—In this section, the term ‘‘environment of care standards for women veterans’’ has the meaning given that term in Veterans Health Administration Directive 1330.01(1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on H.R. 4334, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4334, as amended, Improving Oversight of Women Veterans’ Care Act of 2018. While VA has vastly improved its ca-pacity to care for gender-specific needs of women veterans, many are still re-ferred to the community when VA can-not provide the appropriate services. Mr. Speaker, last week, the House overwhelmingly approved the VA MIS-SION Act by a vote of 347–70. The MIS-SION Act will, among other things, im-prove the ability for eligible veterans to seek care from community providers when VA cannot meet strict access standards. With more veterans becoming eligi-ble to seek care in the community, it is incumbent upon us as members of the House VA Committee to provide over-sight over the care delivered within the community as well. This bill, offered by my friend and fellow committee member from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ), would help us do just that. H.R. 4334 would require VA medical centers to report to the Sec-retary on the compliance of contracted community providers with standards of care for women veterans, as established by VA. The Secretary would also be required to report to Congress on the accessi-bility of gender-specific medical care for women with community providers, as well as to develop a plan to strengthen standards of care within the facilities. Mr. Speaker, as we await Senate pas-sage of the VA MISSION Act, I urge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.043 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4266 May 21, 2018 
my colleagues to support this com-plementary piece of legislation, H.R. 4334, as amended, Improving Oversight of Women Veterans’ Care Act, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of Congressman C
ORREA ’s and Chairman R OE’s bill, H.R. 4334, the Improving Oversight of Women Veterans’ Care Act. The gentleman from California has proven over the course of his time in Congress that he is a dedicated advo-cate for our fastest growing population of veterans: female veterans. His expe-rience working on behalf of veterans in the State of California in the legisla-ture has translated into an informed compassion that has earned the respect of the committee. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4334 does require VA to exercise proper oversight of com-munity care providers it contracts with in order to provide sex-specific healthcare to women when its facilities do not have the equipment or the spe-cialists necessary to care for them. The latest study by the RAND Cor-poration confirms that VA delivers su-perior healthcare to veterans, when compared to the private sector. Pre-vious independent studies confirm this. For this reason, VA should better monitor the quality of care received by women in the community, and this bill would require that careful monitoring so that women veterans receive high- quality care. VA should always remain at the cen-ter of managing veterans’ healthcare. And managing the care veterans re-ceive in the community by only con-tracting with high-quality providers with the competence to provide treat-ment to veterans is a major part of en-suring that they receive the highest quality care. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ), the chief author of this bill and a good friend to veterans across the country. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan leg-islation, H.R. 4334, the Improving Over-sight of Women Veterans’ Care Act. Women are the fastest growing co-hort of veterans. There are currently 2 million women veterans in the United States and Puerto Rico, almost 10 per-cent of the overall veteran population. According to some projections, women veterans are expected to grow to represent 15 percent of all veterans by 2030. Therefore, it is important that we ensure that women veterans receive quality care in a safe and dignified en-vironment, as well as in a timely man-ner, in and outside the Department of Veterans Affairs. Specifically, this bill will require an annual report on veteran access to gen-der-specific care under community care contracts and quarterly reports on en-vironment of care standards for women veterans. In conclusion, I would like to thank my colleague and friend, Ranking Member WALZ, and Health Sub-committee Ranking Member B
ROWNLEY  for the support of this legislation. I thank Chairman R
OEas well. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4334. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I wholeheartedly agree with Mr. C
ORREA ’s legislation. I, too, was, an OB/GYN physician who saw VA pa-tients. I would like to think that Mr. C
ORREA had all these ideas himself, but I have had the opportunity to find out that he definitely married above him-self. His wife is an OB/GYN, so I think he probably got most of those ideas from her. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ), a champion of veterans—a champion in many areas— and on this issue of treating our female veterans with the dignity, respect, and services that they have earned. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4334, the Improving Oversight of Women Veterans’ Care Act. I want to thank my colleague on the committee, the gentleman from Cali-fornia, for introducing this important legislation to improve the care we de-liver for women veterans. During my time on this committee, I have made it a special priority to en-sure women veterans have access to high-quality, gender-specific care in a safe and welcoming environment. This bill will advance that goal in two im-portant ways. First, it requires the VA to practice additional oversight on the community care providers that the VA contracts with and report on the access women veterans have to gender-specific med-ical care in the community. This is es-pecially timely, as the House recently passed a bipartisan update to the VA’s community care programs. As we stand up the new community care program, we need to do a better job tracking the quality of care provided to women vet-erans. Second, this bill requires the VA to report to Congress on their compliance with environment of care standards for women veterans. Too often, we have heard reports of women veterans who experience issues at VA clinics. A VA Inspector Gen-eral’s report last year found that up to 20 percent of VA clinics did not meet the VA’s own requirements for pro-tecting the privacy of women veterans. This is unacceptable. We need to en-sure that women veterans are well served, no matter where they get their care, and this bill will help us get clos-er to that goal. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia for his efforts. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I would cer-tainly encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important piece of legis-lation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I also concur with my colleague: I urge support of H.R. 4334. I just want to say, right before Memorial Day, it is obviously next week, and many people will go home to picnics and families. We have just heard this afternoon on the House floor the sacrifice of many, many of our veterans and really amaz-ing people that live in our country. In the past week, the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee—and I want to thank members on both sides of the aisle— have put together 15 bills: one was a major bill, the VA MISSION Act, which will be taken up by the Senate this week, and 14 bills this afternoon to im-prove both the care and services pro-vided to our Nation’s heroes. For me, it is a true privilege to get up every day and come to this House, to this body, the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, and to advocate for those men and women that I have so much respect for. And with that, Mr. Speaker, I wish a happy Memorial Day to everyone, and I encourage everyone to vote for this today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4334, the Improving Oversight of Women Veterans’ Care Act of 2017. H.R. 4334 provides for certain reporting re-quirements relating to medical care for women veterans provided by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and through contracts entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with non-Department medical providers. By passing this bill ensuring these require-ments, we are ensuring equitable attention to health care for veteran men and women. Such requirements include an annual report to Congress on veteran access to covered sex-specific services such as mammography, maternity care, and gynecological care under community care contracts. Our United States veterans bravely put their lives on the line to defend our freedoms and to keep our nation safe. I want to thank all of our armed serviceman and women for their selfless dedication to our nation. The debt that we owe to them is immeas-urable because their sacrifices, and those of their families, are our freedom’s foundation. Mr. Speaker, of the nation’s 21.6 million brave veterans, more than 2 million are women. Further, 20 percent of veterans who have served on active duty since September 2001 are women. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.045 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4267 May 21, 2018 
Male and female veterans alike deserve ac-cess to health care, and this bill will ensure that discrepancies in care among male and fe-male veterans can be identified and ad-dressed. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 4334. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4334, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4830, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4451, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 3832, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
SERVICEMEMBERS IMPROVED TRANSITION THROUGH REFORMS FOR ENSURING PROGRESS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4830) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assist-ance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs unless the educational institution providing the course per-mits individuals to attend or partici-pate in courses pending payment by Department, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 382, nays 0, not voting 45, as follows: [Roll No. 207] YEAS—382 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—45 
Black Blum Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Buchanan Castor (FL) Cicilline Cummings DeLauro DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Doyle, Michael F. Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gowdy Graves (GA) Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hartzler Higgins (LA) Kelly (IL) Kinzinger Larsen (WA) Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lujan Grisham, M. McSally O’Rourke Olson Pearce Poe (TX) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Ross Rush Sessions Sires Speier Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tsongas Turner Vargas Westerman 
b1856 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE VICTIMS OF SCHOOL SHOOTING IN SANTE FE, TEXAS (Mr. WEBER of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to invite the entire Texas delegation to be up here with me, and if you are a Member from a district that has had a school shooting, would you please come stand with us. Mr. Speaker, on Friday morning, at 7:30, evil reared its ugly head in a little community, what I call a salt-of-the- Earth community, Santa Fe, Texas, and 10 people tragically lost their lives. I would ask all Members to please stand. We lost two teachers on that day: Cynthia Tisdale and Glenda Ann Per-kins. We lost students Kimberly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.023 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4268 May 21, 2018 
Vaughan, Shana Fisher, Angelique Ra-mirez, Christian Riley Garcia, Jared Black, Sabika Sheikh, Christopher Jake Stone, and Aaron Kyle McLeod, lives that should have never been ended. Mr. Speaker, I would like to request a moment of silence. 
f 
HOMELESS VETERANS’ RE-INTEGRATION PROGRAMS REAU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4451) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligi-bility for services under such pro-grams, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 377, nays 1, not voting 49, as follows: 
[Roll No. 208] YEAS—377 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Maloney, Carolyn B. 
NOT VOTING—49 
Black Blum Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Buchanan Castor (FL) Cicilline Cummings DeLauro DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Doyle, Michael F. Gabbard Gowdy Granger Gutie´rrez Hartzler Higgins (LA) Issa Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kinzinger Larsen (WA) Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch Messer Nadler O’Rourke Olson Pearce Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Ross Rush Sessions Sires Smith (NE) Speier Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tsongas Turner Vargas Westerman ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1908 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VETERANS OPIOID ABUSE PREVENTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3832) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the executive director of a national network of State-based prescription monitoring programs under which De-partment of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query such net-work, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 377, nays 2, not voting 48, as follows: 
[Roll No. 209] YEAS—377 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.050 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4269 May 21, 2018 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—48 
Black Blum Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Buchanan Castor (FL) Cicilline Cummings DeLauro DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Doyle, Michael F. Ferguson Gabbard Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hartzler Higgins (LA) Issa Kelly (IL) Kinzinger Larsen (WA) Lee Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lujan Grisham, M. Messer O’Rourke Olson Pearce Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Ross Rush Schweikert Sessions Sires Speier Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tsongas Turner Vargas Westerman Wilson (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1916 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for ac-cess by Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers to State prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 207, No. 208, and No. 209, on H.R. 3832, H.R. 4830, and H.R. 4451 respectively, I am not re-corded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ for all three recorded votes. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, due to a flight delay I was forced to miss tonight’s votes. Had I been present, I would have supported the three bills considered under suspension of the rules. I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 4830, the SIT–REP Act. I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 4451, the Homeless Veterans’ Re-integration Programs Reauthorization Act. I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 3832, the Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 5894, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. SIMPSON, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–696) on the bill (H.R. 5894) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. SIMPSON, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–697) on the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow for morning- hour debate and 11 a.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Idaho? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION TO FILE SUPPLE-MENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to file a supplemental report on the bill, H.R. 5515. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the month of May as National Mental Health Awareness Month, an important time to share re-sources for individuals and families that cope with any number of mental health challenges, because about 1 in 5 Americans experience mental illness, and 1 in 25 struggle with a serious men-tal health condition. Serious mental health illnesses are now costing Americans nearly $200 bil-lion in lost earnings each year, and 16 million Americans have had at least one major depressive episode in the last year. That is why it is more impor-tant than ever to ensure that people and individuals who need help are able to get it. The good news is that now individ-uals in need of help can call a 24-hour national help line, operated by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, for a con-fidential conversation. Mr. Speaker, it may be the difference between life or death for someone who is in need. 
f 
A MOMENT OF SILENCE IS NOT ENOUGH (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.026 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4270 May 21, 2018 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, a moment of silence is not enough. I did not respond to the invitation of the gentleman from Texas to come and stand here. I lost a young woman at Great Mills High School in my district. I visited with her parents, I went to her funeral, and I grieved with our commu-nity, but coming to this well and spending but a moment for the thou-sands who have lost their lives is not enough. We need to act. The Governor of Texas thinks we ought to do something. The Governor of Florida thought we should do some-thing, and he did something. We should bring to this floor legisla-tion to try to stem this violence. We will have disagreements as to what that may be, but a moment of silence is not enough. 
f 
COMMUNITY BANKS ARE THE CEN-TER OF ECONOMIC ACTIVITY IN SMALL TOWNS (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, prob-ably the most ironically named piece of legislation outside of the Affordable Care Act would be Dodd-Frank’s Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion. Wall Street banks have only gotten bigger, and we have had more con-centration of assets in fewer banks, making for greater systemic risk. Meanwhile, the small community banks on Main Street have been pum-meled with a mountain of unnecessary rules and regulations. We are putting a community bank out of business one a week since 2010. 170 community banks have gone away in Texas alone. Consumer protection? There is no such thing as consumer protection with respect to Dodd-Frank. They have only had more complexity. Consumers have had to deal with more burden and higher costs and fewer choices. I support S. 2155 because I support Main Street, because I support rural America; and I support community banks, the center of economic activity in small towns all across these United States. 
f 
FOSTER CARE MONTH/SHADOW DAY (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as co- chair of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth, I rise to recognize May as National Foster Care Month and to acknowledge the 437,000 foster youth across the country. On Wednesday, I will be joined by Yo-landa Washburn, a former foster youth from Providence, Rhode Island. Yo-landa is a vocal advocate for children in care. She is committed to making positive change, and she is on track to become a counselor. As someone who has aged out of fos-ter care, Yolanda has overcome im-mense odds to find such success. I look forward to hearing her recommenda-tions for improving the foster care sys-tem. No one understands the system better than those who have lived in it. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my good friend, Congresswoman BASS, for organizing Shadow Day again this year and for her tireless work as the leader of our caucus. I am thrilled by this opportunity to amplify her voice and the voices of foster youth every-where. 
f 
135TH ANNIVERSARY OF STRUTHERS LIBRARY THEATRE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Struthers Library Theatre in Warren, Pennsylvania, on its 135th anniversary. It has been a community treasure since it opened in 1883. In 1882, local citizen Thomas Struth-ers generously offered to erect a build-ing that would house a library. It in-cluded a public hall and rental space where the profits would be used by the Library Association. The Struthers building would eventu-ally become the center of the town’s cultural activity, and Thomas Struth-ers would long be remembered as a vi-sionary. It has celebrated many milestones over the years: In 1919, the new Library Theatre opened, after a complete gutting and remodeling of the auditorium, with a popular Broadway play. In 1983, the Library Theatre cele-brated an extensive renovation and its 100th birthday with a gala reopening featuring various performances throughout the night. In 1984, the Library Room was re-stored to its original splendor and out-fitted for special events and gath-erings. Mr. Speaker, the Struthers Library Theatre continues to be a cultural gem in Warren that is enjoyed by all. It maintains the fantastic legacy of its founder, Thomas Struthers, who would certainly be so proud today. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS IN THE SWAMP (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, President Trump promised to drain the swamp, but the Financial Times reports his pay-to-play scheme catering to Chinese investors sure looks like he is in the swamp. Vox reports this week President Trump has a direct financial interest in a major real estate development project essentially underwritten by a state-owned Chinese bank in Indonesia called Lido City and secured a $500 mil-lion loan from the Metallurgical Cor-poration of China, billing it as Asia’s first Trump community, featuring a re-sort golf course, condominiums, and private villas. According to the Financial Times, the President and the Republican Party are soon to host a $150,000-a- plate dinner in Dallas, where a Chi-nese-owned bank is now encouraging its top investors to attend so they can get face time with the President and key members of his team at $150,000 a plate. Meanwhile, the American workers still don’t know what is in President Trump’s trade deal to increase Chinese purchases of American goods, but we do know we need a guard dog to protect American economic and security inter-ests from the President’s apparent con-flict of interest on his personal deal-ings, not in the national interest. f 
FINDING A COMPREHENSIVE AND COMPASSIONATE SOLUTION TO THE OPIOID CRISIS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my bipartisan bill, the Expanding Oversight of Opioid Pre-scribing and Payment Act of 2018, which passed unanimously in the House Ways and Means Committee last week. As a member of the bipartisan Heroin Task Force, I am committed to finding a comprehensive and compassionate so-lution to reverse the tide of the grow-ing opioid addiction plaguing our com-munities and families. With 115 people dying each day—and 635 in my own district in 2016 alone— from an opioid overdose, we must find ways to prevent this abuse from hap-pening in the first place. My bipartisan bill requires the Medi-care Payment Advisory Commission to evaluate and report on adverse incen-tives that lead to the overprescription of opioids and underutilization of nonopioid alternatives for postsurgery recovery and the treatment of chronic pain. This is commonsense legislation that will enable Congress to identify and eliminate perverse incentives that are fueling the opioid epidemic, the epi-demic that is destroying our families and our communities. I have personally known individuals in the 22nd District whose lives were taken too early because of this scourge. This bipartisan bill is a step in the right direction to helping our families and communities combat this crisis that is tearing families apart. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my bi-partisan cosponsors, Representative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.056 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4271 May 21, 2018 
SUZAN DELBENE and Representative D
AVID MCKINLEY , for joining me in this important legislation. 
f 
b1930 REMEMBERING TOM WOLFE (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in remembrance of a literary giant and Richmond, Virginia, native, Tom Wolfe. Mr. Wolfe was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, in 1930, and at-tended my own alma mater, St. Chris-topher’s School. A pioneer of the New Journalism movement, he worked for the Spring-field Union, The Washington Post, the Herald Tribune, Esquire, and also wrote influential novels. His multitude of subjects ranged from the hot rod and custom car cul-ture of Southern California, to the interactions of famous actors and Black Panthers at a Park Avenue fund-raiser, to the meteoric rise and fall of a fictional New York bond trader. In an interview, Bryon Dobell, Wolfe’s editor at Esquire, said this about him: ‘‘He has this unique gift of language that sets him apart as Tom Wolfe. It is full of hyperbole; it is brilliant; it is funny, and he has a wonderful ear for how people look and feel.’’ With his passing, we have lost an im-portant and deeply gifted writer. I am truly saddened by this great Vir-ginian’s passing, and I send my condo-lences to his friends and to his family. 
f 
SECRETARY POMPEO DIDN’T MINCE WORDS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to commend our Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, for his first major foreign policy speech this morning. Secretary Pompeo didn’t mince words, saying Iran would be hit with the strongest sanctions in history if their government does not change their aggressive behavior in the Middle East. After rightly pulling the U.S. from the Iran nuclear deal, this administra-tion has made it clear: They are willing to actually solve the Iran problem, un-like the previous administration or those before that. Secretary Pompeo laid out the condi-tions Iran must meet: cease their nu-clear program; end support for ter-rorist groups such as Hamas, al Qaida, and Hezbollah; and withdraw from Syria, among others. It is a long list of actions, but as Sec-retary Pompeo noted, it is a list of Iran’s own creation, not ours. I want to see a peaceful Middle East as well, a solution for the people of Iran themselves—next year will be 40 years under this type of regime. Before that, they had freedom—especially for the women of Iran that would like to enjoy the freedoms to associate as they see fit. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Secretary Pompeo for his commitment to researching an agreement and hold-ing Iran accountable. f 
RECOGNIZING EMANCIPATION DAY IN FLORIDA (Mr. LAWSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to recognize the Emanci-pation Proclamation in Florida. On May 20, 1865, 11 days after the end of the Civil War and 2 years after Presi-dent Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation, Union General Edward M. McCook arrived in Tallahassee and read President Lincoln’s words from the steps of the Knott House. I was there yesterday for a ceremony. It is very significant. Slavery is one of the dark sides of American history, but it is a part that we can never forget. It is important that it will be forever recorded in the history books. Today, while African Americans are free, basic humans rights are still de-nied to many of them at this time. If all men are equal, then we must main-tain our commitment to treat them equally. We must continue to move our country forward if we truly wish to be ‘‘one Nation, under God.’’ There are major jobs that we need to create, our children need to be more protected, their families need to be fed. The time is now to help build a more perfect Union for all of us. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPON-SOR OF H.R. 548 Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered the pri-mary sponsor of H.R. 548, a bill origi-nally introduced by Representative D
ENTof Pennsylvania, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF QUINTON ROBBINS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Quinton Robbins. Quinton attended the Route 51 fes-tival in Las Vegas on October 1. He was a student at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas, UNLV. He looked forward to going to dental school after receiving his bachelor’s degree. When he wasn’t in school, he spent his time either working as a rec-reational assistant at the Arroyo Grande Sports Complex or playing on a softball team. Quinton had a passion for softball, and would occasionally coach youth t-ball teams. Quinton was loved by everyone he met. All those who knew him remem-ber him for being a kind and loving soul. Quinton was a leader who welcomed everyone with a smile that could light up a room. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my condolences to Quinton Robbins’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Ne-vada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
CONTINUATION OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO VENEZUELA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–129) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order with respect to Venezuela that takes additional steps with respect to the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, and relied upon for additional steps taken in Ex-ecutive Order 13808 of August 24, 2017, and Executive Order 13827 of March 19, 2018. The Executive Order I have issued today prohibits transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in (i) the purchase of any debt owed to the Government of Venezuela, including accounts receivable; (ii) any debt owed to the Government of Ven-ezuela that is pledged as collateral after the effective date of the Execu-tive Order, including accounts receiv-able; and (iii) the sale, transfer, assign-ment, or pledging as collateral by the Government of Venezuela of any equity interest in any entity in which the Government of Venezuela has a 50 per-cent or greater ownership interest. I have authorized the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to take such ac-tions, including promulgating rules and regulations, and to employ all pow-ers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of the Executive Order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.057 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4272 May 21, 2018 
I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued today. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 21, 2018. 
f 
THE PROPOSED PROTECTING LIFE RULE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor and privilege to yield to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM), an ex-tremely effective Member of the House of Representatives, the former assist-ant majority leader of the South Da-kota House of Representatives, and a distinguished member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and his work protecting life in this Nation. Mr. Speaker, taxpayers should not have to bear the abortion industry’s fi-nancial burden directly or indirectly, and yet, every single year, the Amer-ican people are forced to deposit $60 million into the bank account of Planned Parenthood, an organization that performs more than 300,000 abor-tions annually. Now, I understand that this money cannot be directly spent on abortions, and we have been successful in pro-tecting taxpayers from funding these procedures through the Hyde amend-ment. But by subsidizing organizations like Planned Parenthood, which promote and perform abortions, taxpayers are propping up the abortion industry, and that is just not right. That is a burden that they should not have to bear. I know some will try to claim this move as damaging women’s health, but that is false. The President’s decision will not take a penny from women’s health. Instead, it redirects those funds to clinics and centers that offer com-prehensive life-affirming care to women from the moment of conception on. And in many areas, health centers like this far outnumber Planned Par-enthood clinics. For example, in my home State of South Dakota, there are six federally qualified health centers operating in 45 service sites, but just one Planned Parenthood center. For decades, the abortion industry has tried to normalize this operation. But I want to be clear: Abortion is not healthcare, and it is not family plan-ning either. Abortion is the intentional ending of an unborn baby’s life. There is nothing more fundamental to our society than our kids. Our founding documents speak on behalf of us and our posterity. The American Dream itself rests on the idea that our children will have more opportunity than we do, and that is how America works. And no matter how small they are, whether they are born or unborn, we should never stop passionately arguing for their life and their liberty. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for her very eloquent statement. Mr. Speaker, last Friday, the Trump administration announced its intention to re-assert and promulgate portions of President Ronald Reagan’s modest but necessary life-affirming title 10 rule; a policy designed to ensure that tax-payers don’t fund, facilitate, or pro-mote abortion in America’s $286 mil-lion per year family plan program. This new old policy comes at a time when huge majorities of Americans, over 60 percent, according to major polls, strongly oppose the use of tax-payer funds for abortion. The Trump/Reagan policy, now called the Protect Life Rule, comes at a time when the high utilization of ultrasound imaging of the child in the womb has provided spectacular clarity and empa-thy, and even love, for the baby. First baby pictures today, the kind you put on the door of your refrig-erator, are of unborn babies. Seeing is believing. No one can seriously deny anymore that unborn children are alive, dy-namic, precious, a miracle, and de-fenseless. Title 10 was intended to be about family planning, prevention, not the hideous dismemberment or chemical poisoning or deliberate starvation and forced expulsion of a defenseless un-born baby. There is nothing benign or compassionate about killing a defense-less child. Mr. Speaker, created by Congress in 1970, title 10 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act authorized taxpayer funds to assist ‘‘voluntary family planning projects,’’ but made absolutely clear in the status that Federal funds were pro-hibited from being spent on ‘‘programs where abortion is a method of family planning.’’ As title 10 was administered, how-ever, that didn’t happen. So to faith-fully implement both the spirit and the letter of the law, President Ronald Reagan issued a rule in 1988 that in-cluded physical separation of abortion activities from federally funded family planning projects. In response, the American abortion industry sued to get hundreds of mil-lions of taxpayer dollar subsidies, and they lost. On May 23, 1991, 27 years ago this Wednesday, the U.S. Supreme Court, in Rust v. Sullivan, affirmed the constitutionality of the Reagan title 10 rule. Tragically, President Bill Clinton, by executive order, reversed the Reagan policy. He not only authorized abortion clinics and family planning activities under the same roof, co-location, but went further, mandating, made it a condition of receiving title 10 funds, that title 10 recipients refer for abor-tion, an egregious violation of con-science rights protected under Federal law. Thus, by requiring abortion referrals, family planning service providers who oppose abortion, were and are today, precluded from all participation in the Federal program. Today, hundreds of abortion clinics are co-located as title 10 family plan-ning facilities. For example, 266 of Planned Parenthood’s abortion clinics are subsidized by U.S. taxpayers in the title 10 program, to the tune of $56- to $60 million each year. b1945 Planned Parenthood is an organiza-tion, let’s not forget, that is directly responsible for over 7 million deaths of unborn children—a staggering loss of children’s lives. Mr. Speaker, if past is prologue, I fully expect an organized, aggressive, willful distortion of the Protect Life Rule. Nevertheless, in the spirit of hon-est debate and civil discourse, I urge opponents and the news media to be clear what this rule actually does and what it doesn’t do. According to the White House, the new Protect Life Rule will: one, phys-ically and financially separate family planning clinics from abortions, and will make other important reforms. It will also safeguard the conscience rights of providers by eliminating the egregious illegal mandate that requires all participants in the program to refer pregnant women to abortion. The Protect Life Rule will not, how-ever, prohibit counseling that may in-clude conversations about abortion. This would be in keeping with guidance issued by George H.W. Bush’s adminis-tration that affirmed that: 
Nothing in these regulations is to prevent a woman from receiving complete medical information about her condition from a phy-sician. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, Cardinal Tim-othy Dolan, chairman of the Com-mittee on Pro-Life Activities, really summed it up when he said: ‘‘For too long, title X has been used to subsidize the abortion industry. We need to draw a bright line between what happens be-fore a pregnancy begins and what hap-pens after a child has been created.’’ He goes on to say: ‘‘Abortion always takes the life of a child and often harms the mother, her surviving chil-dren, and other family and friends as well.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), my good friend. He serves on the Com-mittee on Ways and Means and is a former member of the Butler City Council. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, who has been a longstanding and committed champion of life. Mr. Speaker, last Thursday, the Trump administration proposed cut-ting title X funding for organizations like Planned Parenthood that perform abortions. Now, the proposed rule does not cut funds from the title X family planning program. Instead, the funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.029 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4273 May 21, 2018 
are directed to community health cen-ters like The Primary Health Network in Sharon, Pennsylvania. Countrywide, there are 20 times more community health centers than Planned Parent-hoods. In fact, there are absolutely no Planned Parenthood offices in my dis-trict, but there are 37 federally funded health centers. Planned Parenthood re-ceives $56 million a year in taxpayer dollars through title X. One of the things I wanted to just talk about for a minute, if I can, today we again grieve at the loss of innocent life, and I just would ask people to look at the loss of innocent life that we see every day in the United States. There are approximately 3,000 abortions per-formed daily in the United States. So as we grieve so much for the loss of innocent life, I think sometimes we forget about all of the other life that is being lost and we kind of push that aside because we say: The Supreme Court made a ruling that allows that to take place. Regardless, it still is a loss of innocent life, and we see this every day, but somehow as a nation, we have a deaf ear and a blind eye to that loss of innocent life. To me, it just would seem that at some point we look at this and realize it for what it is. I can’t tell the other gentleman how much I appreciate the battle that he has continued, and it shouldn’t be a battle. We are all trying to do the same thing, and it is to make sure that innocent life is protected. So this piece, it doesn’t take any money at all away from the title X family planning program. It does take a look at Planned Parenthood and says, you cannot use this taxpayer- funded money, this $56 million to $60 million a year to provide abortions. I would just ask the country as a whole, and the Nation, and we, as a people, to please take a look at what is going on. This loss of innocent life is so tragic and so unnecessary, and I say that be-cause I know a lot of the pregnancies are unintended, but there are loving families waiting for children who are there, who are willing, and who are wanting to provide a loving home for children. So I would like to see if we can some-how come to an agreement or come to an understanding about what is being lost every day—3,000 innocent lives a day. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate what the gentleman is doing. I know how hard it has been. It is so hard for some people to weigh in on it, but I just think there is a conscience that we all need to have, and preserving life is one of those. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman K
ELLY  so much for his comments and his lead-ership for many, many years. I deeply appreciate it. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES), a good friend and colleague, who is a dis-tinguished member of the Education and the Workforce Committee and also serves on Homeland Security. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the new title X regulations announced by the Trump administration’s Department of Health and Human Services. Title X is a family planning program authorized in 1970 to provide family planning services to low-income women. Currently, Congress approves $286 million a year to provide these family planning services like: edu-cation, counseling, health screenings, and healthcare. For years, pro-life pro-tections like the Hyde amendment sought to ensure tax dollars, including title X funds, would not go to abortion providers. However, the Clinton-era title X reg-ulations have sadly mandated that all grantees refer abortions as part of their family planning services and cre-ated loopholes allowing title X funding to flow to organizations which provide abortions, such as Planned Parenthood. Under these Clinton-era regulations, Planned Parenthood has been able to receive an average of $56 million in taxes each year from title X. Clearly, that is not in line with the intent of the title X family planning program and it is past time to change. I was proud to help lead the effort in Congress to urge the Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar to update title X guidelines with those similar to regulations in place during the Reagan era. These Reagan regulations—which were upheld by the Supreme Court in 1991— were rolled back by the Clinton admin-istration and have remained in place since then. However, today, thanks to President Trump and his administration, we turn this page and mark a historic victory for life. This week the Trump adminis-tration will unveil new regulations called the Protect Life Rule which will prohibit any organization that per-forms or refers abortions from receiv-ing title X family planning funds. The Protect Life Rule will mandate that title X grant recipients be phys-ically and financially separate from fa-cilities that provide abortions, closing for good that loophole that has allowed organizations like Planned Parenthood to receive title X funding. Currently, Planned Parenthood con-ducts 320,000 abortions every year and receives nearly $60 million in tax dol-lars annually. Implementing the Pro-tect Life Rule will save thousands of innocent lives and ensure that title X funding supports actual family plan-ning, not abortions. The Protect Life Rule will also in-crease safeguards for victims of sexual assault, these victims who have al-ready been abused. Implementing the Protect Life Rule will not cut any funds that go toward family planning to support mothers and families every day. In fact, it will provide more money net for legitimate family plan-ning activities. To suggest otherwise, would be a politically motivated lie to the American people. Contrary to the doomsday rhetoric used by pro-abortion advocates, this is a great day for life and families across America. I want to thank dozens of pro-life grassroots organizations and more than 150 of my colleagues from the House and Senate who joined this effort to push back for the new title X regulations—especially Representa-tives BLACK , HARTZLER , and S MITH. I also want to thank President Trump and his administration for issuing the Protect Life Rule, heeding our calls and the calls of millions of Americans who have long demanded that tax dollars not go to abortion pro-viders, just as the law was intended. President Trump ran as a pro-life candidate, and the Protect Life Rule is just the latest example of how the President and Republicans in Congress believe in keeping our promises to the American people. The Protect Life Rule is a win for millions of Americans who have marched for life in our Nation’s Capital and the millions more who have marched throughout our country, in-cluding in my home State of Kansas. I look forward to the implementation of the Protect Life Rule. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for his comments and his leadership, espe-cially on this important issue. I deeply appreciate it. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), a member of the Agriculture Committee, the Small Business Com-mittee, and a force on the Judiciary Committee. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and appreciate him yielding, and also appreciate C
HRIS S
MITH’s leadership on the pro-life issue here in the United States Congress. It takes a strong and committed force to constantly be on top of every component of the life issue every day and night. I am convinced that C
HRIS S
MITH misses sleep over this, as I do and many of us do. But today, we have got something to be happy about, Mr. Speaker, and that is that the $286 mil-lion that goes into family planning and is under title X, the purpose of those funds is to help plan the number and the spacing of children. And I think that God should be in charge of that. I have long said that a solution for our society is good people need to have a lot of babies and raise them right. And once we get our social agenda right, if we get our faith right, if we get our families right, if we understand the Constitution, if we have a work ethic that is right, and if our integrity is there, all the rest will automatically take care of itself. I see these little babies when I look around in my church. Our church is just full of little ones. I had a little newborn in front of me last Sunday and I watched how the family passed that little newborn along. I saw a grand-daughter shoot across the aisle to grandparents. Nobody worries. I don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.061 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4274 May 21, 2018 
worry because those kids there are going to be all right. This country always takes care of its little ones. There has never been a time where we could have more confidence in taking care of our little ones, but we have got to get them born. We are seeing money borrowed from China to supplement a national debt to go into a title X family planning pro-gram. Abortion is not family planning. Abortion is ending a significant compo-nent of the family. This program also has statutory pro-hibition on abortion. So this policy that is unfolding here—thankfully, from the Trump administration—will restore the statutory provisions and Planned Parenthood themselves—you have heard the number, Mr. Speaker, 56 million—and my math came out to 60 million. It is in that category—that is used to advocate for abortion and to actually commit abortions. Some people aren’t moved by the utter immorality. I have looked at some things that I saw today as I was flying in this morning, and I looked around on the internet and picked up some things. One of them that caught my eye was that the U.S. birth rate has hit a record low. Now, that record low consists of this: There were only 60.2 babies born per thousand women in this past year in 2017. That is the women between the ages of 15 and 44, the fertility years, as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention de-scribes it—only 60.2. That is the lowest it has ever been since we have been keeping records, and we have been keeping records for decades. Also, the total fertility rate is the lowest it has been since 1978—and I think we had an anomaly in 1978—but that total fertility rate, Mr. Speaker, I point out that in order to sustain our population as it is, just a level popu-lation, it takes 2.1 babies per woman in order to sustain our population. And that is rated in the total fertility rate. That is 1.764 today, babies per woman, the lowest it has been since 1978, and well below—hundreds and hundreds below—what it needs to be able to sus-tain our population. And here is another record that is the lowest in 30 years. Now think of this: The population of the United States of America is as high as it has ever been— about 326 million or more. With 326 million people, you would think the higher the population is, the more ba-bies would be born into that popu-lation—at least you would set a record on babies born into the population be-cause our population is as large as it has ever been. But here is the real data on it. There were 3,853,472 births in 2017. That is the lowest number of births in 30 years. The lowest number of births in 30 years, and we also need to add to that, there are roughly 1 million abortions that took place in America in 2017. So if those babies had been born, we would have had 4,853,472 little ones here rather than the 3.8 million that is in the data that we have. b2000 According to this data, 21 percent of the babies conceived in America’s lives are ended by abortion, Mr. Speaker, and I am seeing an administration that is moving around on the side of life. I am seeing a society that is moving along on the side of life. I am watching the 4–D ultrasounds where now we can hear the heartbeat and we can watch them move and squirm in the womb. I am encouraged that America’s soci-ety and America’s civilization is mov-ing toward the side of life. Eventually, we will see the end of Roe v. Wade, Doe v. Bolton, and Planned Parenthood v. Casey. We will get there, Mr. Speaker. And the work that is done by Mr. S
MITH and others and, thankfully, the President and the administration get us closer to that day. Mr. Speaker, I applaud this decision, and I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for this Special Order hour. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, it is now an honor and privi-lege to introduce a former member of the Colorado General Assembly and a member of the House Armed Services and Natural Resources Committees, D
OUGLAMBORN . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s leadership. The Trump administration is set to announce proposed regulations regard-ing the title X family planning funding stream, very similar to Reagan-era rules, to clearly separate family plan-ning from abortion services. This is good news and something I have been strongly urging President Trump and Secretary Azar to do. I think it is important to remind our-selves of something very basic: Family planning should determine when to begin new lives. Abortion ends lives. Abortion should never be considered an ethical method of family planning. Under the new proposed rule, coun-seling or referral for abortion would no longer be required for family planning grantees, and colocation with abortion providers would no longer be allowed. The Trump administration is doing the right thing, as President Reagan did, to ensure that taxpayer money goes to family planning centers that are not in the abortion business. For too long, Planned Parenthood has used title X as their personal slush fund. I will continue to work to find legis-lative solutions to end taxpayer fund-ing of Planned Parenthood, but until we are able to get legislation through the Senate—and we have gotten it through the House—this will be a sig-nificant step forward. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the Trump ad-ministration. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, D
OUGLAMALFA is the distin-guished gentleman representing Cali-fornia’s First District. He serves on the Committees on Agriculture and Nat-ural Resources. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) and the rest of my colleagues who have spoken up here as well. This is a great opportunity to, I think, shed light on some truth on what this really means with title X, what has gone on in the last couple decades, really. The proposed Protect Life Rule used to be the way of doing business in this country for the way funding would be directed to those providing health serv-ices. In recent years, a significant por-tion of that has been now allowed to go towards those who are providing abor-tions. A key element to always remember is abortion is not family planning. This rule we are talking about here that I urge President Trump to move forward with would draw, indeed, a very bright line between abortion and family plan-ning, as was clearly intended in the statute. Currently, 266 Planned Parent-hood abortion centers are also funded under Federal title X locations. So what is the general opinion of the public on this? Nearly two-thirds of Americans do not believe that their dollars should be funding abortions. America’s taxpayers don’t want this. They don’t want to be complicit in it. They don’t want to be a part of it. So what is the effect? Family plan-ning funding will not be reduced by a single dollar. It is just which services will be provided by which locations is the question here. The Protect Life Rule would not de-crease title X funding by a single dollar but, instead, will be directing those dollars to the sites willing to comply. Less than 500 of the roughly already 4,000 title X services under the current rule are Planned Parenthood facilities, less than 500 out of 4,000. So for those claiming that only Planned Parent-hood provides these, in some cases, so- called services, there are plenty of those places that are already doing that without Planned Parenthood’s help. Indeed, this will provide more op-portunities for women and girls to find locations that will provide health serv-ices with the dollars going where they are so desperately needed—rural Amer-ica, especially. It doesn’t have to be just Planned Parenthood, as we would hear so much from the other side of the aisle who desperately defends them at every turn. Clinton-era regulations allowed funding for abortion centers and re-quired all grantees under title X to refer for abortions. What about those centers and those facilities that have a conscience on this issue? They don’t want to have that. We are going through that in California right now. It is going in front of the Supreme Court, whether it is right or not or constitutional to force pro-life centers to refer for abor-tions. Clinton-era regulations require that as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.062 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4275 May 21, 2018 
In the new Protect Life Rule being put forward, I hope President Trump and his administration follow through on it to help protect those freedoms to decide if those centers want to be part of that or not. Indeed, centers that don’t promote and push abortion will be the ones that come forward and re-ceive this type of funding that is so necessary and the right thing that the American people and the majority want to see happen. So I commend this effort. I commend the administration for contemplating and pushing through with this. I thank my colleague, Mr. S
MITH, for always being that strong voice for what is right. Well done, sir. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for his eloquence and his principled and very courageous stand. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. I would like to thank the Congres-sional Black Caucus chairman, C
EDRIC  R
ICHMOND , for his leadership in this ef-fort. For the next 60 minutes, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people about issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and the millions of constitu-ents whom we represent. Tonight’s Special Order hour topic is gun violence and gun violence preven-tion. Mr. Speaker, how many more lives? Mr. Speaker, there are 13,000 gun homicides a year in the United States. On an average day, 96 Americans are killed by guns. Sadly, our children are not un-touched by this senseless violence. On an average day, seven children and teens are killed with guns, and since 2013, there have been 311 school shoot-ings. Kyle McLeod; Angelique Ramirez; Chris Stone; Jared Black; Kimberly Vaughan; Sabika Sheikh; Cynthia Tisdale; Glenda Ann Perkins; Shana Fisher; Christian Garcia. On Friday, eight children and two of their teachers were slaughtered during the early morning hours of the school-day, and those were their names. Many students thought it was a drill when a fellow student wearing a ‘‘Born to Kill’’ shirt opened fire at his school. Throughout the weekend, witnesses and survivors recounted the sheer ter-ror of the shooting and its frenzied aftermath. This is unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. Enough is enough. We know that there are ways to reduce gun violence in our communities and in our schools. There are solutions. Today, the movement is being led by young people from around our country, including the Ninth Congressional Dis-trict of New York that I am honored to represent. In April, I met with students from March for Our Lives NYC. In my hands are the postcards. I have nearly 100 letters from my constituents calling for us to take up some of these solutions. My constituents are calling on me, their Representative in this es-teemed body, and upon all of us to do something now. One student wrote: We shouldn’t have to be marching for this. Children are dead, lots of them. Do some-thing. Anything. 
‘‘Please help,’’ wrote another. Mr. Speaker, that meeting was near-ly 2 months ago, and this President and this Congress have done absolutely nothing. Since the Parkland shooting, count-less numbers of children have died in their schools and in their communities because of our inaction. Our inaction puts our children in danger. One student wrote: 
It is time to serve the American people and not the gun lobby. 
One teacher stressed the need to pro-tect kids and staff. Another said: 
Schools and teachers need more funding for books, salaries, social support programs, and counseling, not more guns. 
One letter came from someone who had actually been shot: 
One in three people in the U.S. knows someone who has been shot, and I am one of them. 
Mr. Speaker, I, too, am a survivor of gun violence. While serving in the New York City Council during the year 2003, all colleagues were coming back from a recess period, and we were excited to see one another. One of my dearest and closest colleagues, the Honorable James E. Davis, came to work that day as we all did, excited about doing the work for the people of the City of New York. Unfortunately, James E. Davis had befriended his assailant. His assailant walked into the chambers of the New York City Council and unleashed a vio-lent attack on Mr. D
AVIS that took his life. That attack took place in the workplace in front of all his colleagues. To this very day, I need to just close my eyes, and I can transport myself back into that moment where members had to scramble to the floor, where members ran out of the chambers and barricaded themselves in the speaker’s office waiting to be rescued, not know-ing whether we were being attacked or it was a lone assailant, not knowing whether our colleague would survive or whether he would perish. Mr. Speaker, since 2003, we have con-tinued to see senseless death due to un-controlled unwillingness in this body to do what we know we can do: to do background checks, to make sure that we provide a pathway for those who have mental health concerns to receive treatment, and to ban AK–47s and AR– 15s. If you are 18 and have to be reg-istered to drive in the United States of America, you should also have to be registered to carry a firearm. We know there are plenty of stories of gun violence that are not shared on the House floor, and many more re-ceive no media coverage. The gun epidemic has hit under-served communities of color particu-larly hard. Gun homicide rates in these neighborhoods have reached a critical point, where homicide rates often reach 10 times the national average. b2015 While gun-related deaths have fallen in New York, in parts of my district, the death toll has risen since last year. In Brownsville, Brooklyn alone, mur-ders are up. Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of a national crisis. Urban violence has too often been left out of the national con-versation about guns, gun running, and gun trafficking, and instead, too often, the epidemic in urban centers is used by many as a misguided, misdirected distraction so that our conversations on gun reform, racial justice, or police tactics are disregarded. But gun vio-lence intervention programs have been shown to be effective at breaking the cycle of violence and impacting com-munities. The question is: Will Congress truly get serious about supporting these pro-grams? Will we get serious about uni-versal background checks? Will we get serious about limiting access to weap-ons of war? Nine out of 10 Americans agree that we should have universal background checks, including three out of four NRA members. But this Republican Congress has shown to be spineless. In the East Room of the White House, the President expressed his soli-darity with the people of Santa Fe and said his administration would do every-thing in its power to protect schools and keep guns away from those who should not have them. Just earlier this year, he also vowed to take action after the Parkland shooting. At that time, the President said he would look at stricter back-ground checks and raising the min-imum age for buying an assault weap-on. But Donald Trump did not press for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.064 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4276 May 21, 2018 
any action on any of those initiatives. Lies, once again, to the American peo-ple. Congress did not follow through. Shame on us for our inaction. We are well past time for action, Mr. Speaker. The time is now. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Second District of Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ) to address this Special Order hour of the Congressional Black Caucus, our chairman. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Congresswoman C
LARKE from New York for those very insightful and passionate words. Just a few moments ago, we listened to Republicans talk about the sanctity of life and how they want to protect ev-eryone. They will protect anyone, as long as they don’t have to go up against the NRA. What we have here is, we are pro-tecting our children. We always say our children are our future. We should act like it. This weekend, I was speaking at Baker High School’s graduation and I realized that while we were celebrating those 139 kids’ graduation, there were families from Santa Fe that were pre-paring home-going celebrations for their children. Dr. King once said that there comes a point where silence is betrayal. We have passed that point in this body, in this Congress, a long time ago. Our si-lence is betraying our future. It is be-traying our children. It is betraying their parents. So, when we take a moment of si-lence and we ask to pray, let us not pray to end school violence. Let’s pray for the courage to actually do some-thing about it. I know all my friends on the right like to claim they are the Christian right. But if they were the Christian right, they would pray for some cour-age and they would do something. But there is an old gospel song that says: ‘‘Lord, don’t move my mountain. Give me the strength to climb. ‘‘Lord, don’t move my stumbling blocks, but lead me all around.’’ What it is saying is: Lord, give me the strength to fight my battles. Give me the strength to help myself. So, if we are going to pray as a body, if we are going to pray as a Nation, we should be praying that this body mus-ters up some courage to do something about it. I am not saying that there are not any good suggestions on the other side. I am saying they won’t address the hard suggestions about access to high-capacity cartridges, guns that shoot over and over and over and over again. I am talking about weapons of mass destruction in our community. We don’t have to go look in Iraq or Afghanistan for weapons of mass de-struction. Go look at your nearest sporting goods store, your nearest pawn shop. We are selling them right here in this country. Everyone doesn’t have to get a background check. So I would just say that the time is now. The time was yesterday. I will just leave the body with this fact. When we had more people killed in school shootings than we have lost in the military this year, that should say something about this country, that should say something about where we are headed, and I would just hope that the two sides could come together, al-though I don’t have much belief that we will get action from the other side until the NRA gives them a permission slip. But our children are far too fragile. When our children start to believe that this is the norm, as opposed to the ex-ception, we all need to go home and take a look in the mirror and say that this is not about the next election. We should muster up the courage, because this is absolutely about the next gen-eration. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for those very thoughtful words. I hope that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will heed his admonition be-cause, indeed, action needs to be taken, and it needs to be taken now. Without further ado, it is my honor and privilege to yield to the gentle-woman from the Second District of Illi-nois, Ms. R
OBIN KELLY , who has been an ardent defender, an outspoken advo-cate for gun violence prevention. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Congresswoman C
LARKE  leading this gun violence session. I will tell her, it is sickening to me that I am here again. I cannot believe I have been here 5 years and we have not brought one gun violence prevention piece of legislation to the floor. There is legislation that a variety of people want to bring to the floor, but for some apparent reason, Speaker R
YANand Speaker Boehner before him, I guess they don’t care enough about our kids dying not only in schools, not only in mass shootings, but dying in the streets of various cities in our Na-tion. It is absolutely ridiculous. American children are being mas-sacred. They are being massacred in city parks and in classrooms, at movie theaters, concerts, and even in their car seats, because of this Congress’s criminal—that is what I said, crimi-nal—inaction on gun violence. Last week, instead of debating broad-ly supported legislation to ensure a background check on every gun sale, we spent hours debating a deeply flawed farm bill that would take food out of the mouths of hungry American children. I don’t think we care about children in this Congress, at least my colleagues on the other side. This disaster of a farm bill failed because it didn’t meet the needs of American farmers and families, just like we are failing to meet the needs of American families on gun safety. Mr. Speaker, couldn’t we have better spent our time debating and advancing a bill to save lives? Shouldn’t we be more interested in protecting the lives of American children? Instead of working to take food away from hungry children, perhaps we should work to take guns away from dangerous individuals. Mr. Speaker, I wish I could say last week’s events in Santa Fe, Texas, were unusual. I wish I would say this never happens, that it that was unusual or a freak accident. But that is not true. In fact, one of the young ladies said she was not surprised. It has been hap-pening all over and she knew it would come to her school. That is an absolute shame that that young lady said that. I wish I could say that about Palmdale, California, or Mobile Ala-bama; Parkland, Florida, or Raytown, Missouri. But I can’t and I won’t be-cause, again, it is not true. School shootings are no longer un-usual, no longer shocking. They happen nearly every week in our Nation. It is only May 21 and we have already had 22 school shootings this year. Twenty-two school shootings in a matter of 5 months. Yet, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle see no problem with this. The GOP offers thoughts and prayers, but nothing in the order of solutions or actions. Do you hear what the people are saying? They don’t want any more thoughts and prayers. They shun TV and radio interviews about this crisis, while mothers and fathers cry themselves asleep in an empty house. They speak about investing in mental health and expanding school security, while people who should never have guns walk into gun shows and walk out with the latest in military-grade weapons. They produce a budget that really takes away from mental health. We are better than that and the American people certainly deserve bet-ter than that. Every single day, Mr. Speaker, there is a mother burying her child because of gun violence. Every single day, dreams of college, a career, and a family get packed into tiny pine boxes because of House Republicans’ gross negligence and inaction. One thing is crystal clear: While the House majority may not have pulled the trigger, it is a blind embrace of in-action that makes it just as guilty— guilty for the murder of Bailey Holt, 15, in Benton, Kentucky; guilty for the murder of Jaelynn Willey, 16, in Lex-ington Park, Maryland; and guilty for the murder of Martin Duncan, 16, of Chicago, Illinois. Mr. Speaker, you have heard us say it over and over: How many more? When is enough enough? How much more guilt will you bear? How many more times will we hold moments of si-lence with no follow-through on ac-tion? When will this Congress have a frac-tion of the courage that Scott Beigel showed at Parkland? When will House Republicans follow the example of Vic-toria Leigh Soto in Newtown and actu-ally protect kids’ lives? When will Speaker R
YANshow the slightest bit of courage that Aaron Feis had? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.067 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4277 May 21, 2018 
Instead of finding the courage to act, this House, this Speaker, the majority have stood on the sidelines while kids die, and all because of those big, fat NRA checks and because they don’t have the courage. That is disgusting and it is wrong. As we look to assign responsibility for these mass shootings, as we ask ourselves: Why all the violence? Where did it come from? As we ask ourselves: Why does this keep happening? We need to look no further than Long-worth 1233, Speaker R
YAN’s office, for the responsibility of inaction, the re-sponsibility of omission, and the re-sponsibility of being too beholden to the NRA to save lives, instead of be-holden to the people of this country, to the mothers and fathers who have lost their kids, to the future kids going to school. When will it end? Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois for her words and for real-ly laying out the framework for which this Congress needs to act. She said that it is a shame and a disgrace. I agree wholeheartedly. But I think that even more, our Republican colleagues need to search their souls, particularly those who claim to be of the Christian faith, which is the faith that I practice. Indeed, they are going to be called to account for their inaction. All I would ask is that the Lord have mercy on their souls, because there is blood on their hands. Mr. Speaker, having said that, I yield to the gentlewoman from the Third District of Ohio, Mrs. J
OYCE BEATTY , an outspoken advocate, one who comes from a State where, again, gun rights are something that people pride them-selves in. Commonsense gun measures are something that everyone is crying out for. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York, but more importantly, I thank her for an-choring tonight’s message against gun violence. Mr. Speaker, I come here tonight with a heavy heart. I don’t have a writ-ten script, but I was so touched when I listened to Congresswoman C
LARKE ’s opening statement and then when my classmate and colleague, Congress-woman R
OBIN KELLY , spoke. b2030 I wanted to come tonight because I want everyone listening to us to know to ask the question, Mr. Speaker: Why are we lagging behind? To ask the question: When are we going to do more than one moment of silence when there has been an unnecessary shoot-ing? We do it when there is national at-tention. But what happens when that young person in their backyard, what happens when that person is killed by a gun in their home? All lives matter, Mr. Speaker. So, tonight, our message is clear. Americans have asked us to do some-thing. I had the opportunity to witness thousands and thousands and thou-sands of young folks who came to-gether to March for Our Lives because this is their way of life, and they felt that they should do something, and they did. And at the end of the program in the Third Congressional District, they looked to us as leaders and said: What are you going to do for us? What are you going to do about this? So I thought about it, and I went to my office, and I thought maybe I can take all of these commonsense gun laws and roll it into a bill that is called the Safer America for Everybody Right Now Act. It won’t solve the entire problem, but this is what we are called to do. We are called to come here and try to make a difference. We come to this floor just tonight talking about saving lives, talking about how much we care for families. We run on a platform of car-ing about our children and family and saving lives, and, yet, we come here and can’t get a piece of legislation put before the Congress to vote on it. Mr. Speaker, that is not right, and it is not fair, and the American public deserves more. Lastly, let me just say, I can remem-ber sitting in that church when nine innocent churchgoing lives were taken. I can remember going to Ferguson and being at the site where a young African American boy’s life was taken with a gun. I can tell you about being with the mothers in the movement and the pain and the agony in their voices when they talked about the loss of their child. I was here as a freshman with Sandy Hook, and you know, I was at the nightclub in Florida. What more does it take, Mr. Speaker, than us coming here tonight asking you to do more than sit in that chair; asking you to put fair legislation on this floor so we can vote on it? That is my ask tonight. Please support some of the bipartisan legislation that we have. Please look at putting funds in for mental health. Just do something to help us have a safer America now. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) for bringing her plea to the floor. She is absolutely correct. The inaction of the Speaker of the House of Representatives on the matter of gun violence in America is appalling. So we call on him to bring bipartisan legislation to the floor. We have the votes to pass it. The question is: Do we have the will? Do we have the spine? Do we have the courage to do what needs to be done in the 21st century to protect our communities from this on-slaught of gun violence? Having said that, it is now my honor and my privilege to to yield to my co-anchor to share his thoughts with us this evening, none other than the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania, D
WIGHT  E
VANS . Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman CLARKE , for leading this critical Special Order to speak about the national epidemic of gun violence, an important topic to all of us. Sadly, though, Mr. Speaker, it seems that most Members only need to dust off their talking points from the last mass shooting, which was in Florida at Parkland. As the Grammy-winning art-ist, Kelly Clarkson, noted over the weekend, the same script plays out: vigils are held and the dead children are in our thoughts and prayers and life goes on, with most of the rest of us hoping and praying that our loved ones will not become a victim. Let me repeat that, Mr. Speaker. The same old script, which we play the same old game over and over again, we have these vigils, we come to this floor, we make these prayers, and the reality of it is, we hope and pray that someone will not become a victim. Yet nothing gets done because the GOP leadership refuses to do anything about gun violence. The Black commu-nity is at a critical time because we have a lot to lose, because too many of our neighborhoods, unfortunately, have been subject to gun violence at a con-sistent rate, crimes which often goes unpunished because of unreliable and reluctant witnesses. And the same President who asked what do we have to lose, twitters away his time in a tunnel. It seems like he has no conscience when it comes to these children dodging bullets, because he does nothing but cower and duck re-sponsibility. On February 14, this Nation once again witnessed a horrific tragedy that took place at a high school in Florida. Seventeen lives were taken at the hands of a gunman with too much fire-power. And now, another shooting, 3 months later after Florida and 7 months after Las Vegas in October. The horror and the tragedy that shook the Florida high school should have been the last. Yet, tragically, our Nation has lost too many loved ones at the hands of gun violence, at the point where we often see the same reaction: hand- wringing, blaming going around, but nothing is being done to stop the vio-lence. And now in a small town in Texas, it is being done again. The city of Philadelphia knows all too well the lives lost at the hands of gun violence. In 2017, we saw our city experience its largest homicide epi-demic since 2012. There were over 317 homicides in Philadelphia, according to data from the Philadelphia Police Department. And with the continued surge of gun violence in Philadelphia, last year I handed a letter to the Penn-sylvania attorney general, Josh Sha-piro, outlining our Commonwealth needs to use all resources possible to advocate for commonsense gun reform. Since I handed that letter to our Commonwealth’s attorney general, we have had more heartbreak in America, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.068 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4278 May 21, 2018 
including the unspeakable tragedy at a church, a place of worship and refuge in Texas, and a mass shooting at a con-cert in Las Vegas, Florida, and now Texas. Too often these tragedies occur be-cause there is unimpeded access to guns. There are over 300 million guns in America. Most are owned by law- abiding citizens without harmful or dangerous intent, yet a gun in the wrong hands can lead to the horrific situations witnessed most recently in Las Vegas, Texas, and Florida. Nearly 1.7 million children live in a home with a loaded, unlocked gun. Every year, thousands of kids are killed by firearms as a result. Our goal here in Congress must be to make sure our communities and our churches and our children are safe. When we hear from the President on these matters, you listen to a voice that does not sound like the Com-mander in Chief or the soother in chief, but a President who, frankly, does not understand his job and too often lacks empathy, which was the case shown last week. We are in the business of doing no harm. As elected officials, we are here to help move our neighborhoods for-ward, not backwards. I stand before you today to tell you, just as I have al-ways done, I will continue to advocate for commonsense gun reform to keep everyone in our neighborhoods safe. It is evident that we must do more than the current status quo. I say to you, Mr. Speaker, today, under the leadership of our chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus and the leader of this Special Order, Con-gresswoman C
LARKE , that we are deter-mined—we are determined to stay as long as we have to and continue to be in everyone’s face about this issue. Enough is enough. You have heard Members this evening say it about their districts, but it is not just in our districts. It is all across the country. Enough is enough. We all have to col-lectively recognize that this is not Democrat or Republican, but this is about the people in America. So, Mr. Speaker, I say to you and to my colleague, who is leading this ef-fort—and I thank her for showing the kind of leadership that is necessary in this effort, and she is doing a fantastic job in the great State and city of New York—in Brooklyn, that is. I want to make it very clear. She is leading this effort. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for his words of wisdom and for his statistical data. And just to add to the conversation is that we have not counted those who were injured in all of these gun vio-lence episodes across this Nation, those who have been traumatized by expo-sure to such carnage that is unfolding right before their very eyes. There are individuals in hospitals right now, as we speak, trying to recover from the most horrific gun violence that has ever hit their communities. We don’t know that all of them will heal, and, you know, this should be motivation to everyone in this Chamber to act. We are all just a moment away from a tragic occurrence. And as a matter of fact, it wasn’t that long ago that our colleagues were set upon at a Congres-sional Baseball Game practice. It bog-gles the mind. You have to ask your-self, where is the sanity when individ-uals who were gunned down at a Con-gressional Baseball Game practice have not mustered up the courage to bring a bill to the floor? Unbelievable. Unfor-givable. Having said that, I yield to the gen-tlewoman from North Carolina, ALMA A
DAMS , the 12th District, who is an ad-vocate as well for commonsense gun measures in this Nation to come and bring her comments at this time. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York and the gentleman from Pennsylvania for organizing this event tonight. Thank you for allowing me some time. Like many of my colleagues, I have come to the floor to speak on this topic too many times. In the last year, we witnessed dozens of school shootings, and each time we say it is too soon to discuss a solution to the violence. Instead, we call for a moment of si-lence. Mr. Speaker, it is not too soon, but it will soon be too late. Thoughts and prayers and silence, they just aren’t enough. We need action, and we need it now. In 2018, there have been more than 20 school shootings, which have resulted in more deaths than lives lost in mili-tary combat. Students and their par-ents shouldn’t have to wonder whether they are safe in school. They shouldn’t have to fear going to school. As a grandmother and mother and re-tired educator, that shocks me. As an American, that infuriates me. It is time Congress has the moral courage to act. Like Fannie Lou, I am sick and tired of being sick and tired of the same old 1 minute, 1 minute, 1 minute rhetoric. We owe the students and fam-ilies of Santa Fe and Stoneman Doug-las and Sandy Hook and Columbine and all of our children all over this country so much more. No more executions. Let’s pass some legislation to help end this tragic epidemic immediately. We must not wait. Our Nation can’t wait any longer and our children can’t either, so let’s do the right thing be-cause it is the right thing. You know, the time is always right to do what is right. b2045 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the 12th District of North Caro-lina, the Honorable A
LMA ADAMS , for bringing her comments to the floor. At this time, clearly across this Nation, we represent very different districts, but there is one thing that we all have in common, and that is a reverence and a real concern about the human condi-tion; and the fact that here we are, once again, coming to the floor to plead with the leadership of this body to bring commonsense gun violence prevention laws to the people of this country. We won’t stop until that oc-curs. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON  C
OLEMAN ), an outspoken advocate, who has done everything within her power to bring a voice to the voiceless, par-ticularly those who are trying to come to grips with the violence that is un-leashed in this Nation, and the lack of action coming from the leadership here in the House of Representatives. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for leading us in this Special Order hour on such an important topic. It is safe to say that we are past the point of enough is enough because, ap-parently, enough is not enough. Every time we face down another mass shooting, we have another mo-ment of silence. The United States has more gun deaths than any other developed na-tion, and it has far higher levels of gun ownership than any other country in the world. The U.S. has nearly six times the gun homicide rate of Canada, more than seven times that of Sweden, and nearly 16 times that of Germany, according to United Nations data. Mass shootings constituted less than 2 percent of gun deaths in 2013. How-ever, the U.S. makes up less than 5 per-cent of the world’s population, but holds 31 percent of global mass shoot-ers. We can go on and on and on and on and on with statistics. We know what researchers have found. Researchers have found that when there is commonsense gun safety legislation, the number of deaths asso-ciated with guns decreases. We know that there was a 2016 review of 130 stud-ies in 10 countries, published by Epi-demiologic Reviews, which found that new legal restrictions on owning and purchasing guns tended to be followed by a drop in gun violence, a strong in-dicator that restricting access to fire-arms can save lives. Since 2012, there have been 46 mo-ments of silence on the floor of the House of Representatives addressing the tragic deaths in mass shootings. And what have we done? We get up for 46 moments of silence and we do nothing. I have but a few comments left, and I would like to direct those comments to the chair behind the microphone be-cause the person that holds that chair holds all of the power in determining what our agenda will be in this House. The person who sits in that chair makes a determination whether or not we value those innocent lives we are losing every single solitary day be-cause people who shouldn’t have guns have access to guns, or whether or not we should just have one more moment of silence. And it is the person who sits 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.070 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4279 May 21, 2018 
in that chair that is the biggest prob-lem between doing what makes sense, what people expect from us, what we need to be doing, and doing nothing. I am the grandmother of a 5-year-old child. She will be going to public school for the first time in her life. When her father went to school, they had fire drills. When she goes to school, she will be having active shooter drills. Do you have any idea what that means to a next generation; what that will do to their mind, their personal sense of security? They won’t even want to go to school because they will be afraid that they will not be protected. The person sitting in that chair right now can give us an opportunity to re-spond to the majority of the people in this country and bring before this House commonsense gun safety legisla-tion. There are hundreds of bills in the hopper, languishing to be brought up. We don’t have the courage. No, not we. I have the courage. My colleagues, in my caucus, have the courage. The person who sits in that chair rep-resents the majority of the Members in Congress, and they have demonstrated that they lack the courage, the will, or the desire. But do you know what? The next child who experiences death at the hands of someone who shouldn’t have a gun could very easily be one of their children. We better get sensible about what we are doing. Screw the NRA. They are screwing us. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for those comments. I feel her sense of frustration, I feel her outrage, and I think many Americans—as a matter of fact, the majority of Americans—do when they hear the outcries of the par-ents who have learned that their chil-dren have been gunned down in school; when they see their children on life-saving equipment in hospitals because they are hanging on to life by a thread; when they see their children duck down under their beds because they hear a car backfire, having flashbacks from the trauma they experienced in school, hearing mass gunfire taking place before their very eyes; when they don’t want to go to school because they remember the rivers of blood that they witnessed as children and teachers’ lives were being sucked out of them, due to the gun violence that was un-leashed in a place that is supposed to be safe for them to learn, to grow, and to mature. Mr. Speaker, we can’t hear you. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), someone who the Congressional Black Caucus looks to for a lot of our legislation when it comes to criminal justice, and when it comes to understanding the role that we can play in advancing pro-gressive legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for allowing me to speak on this very important issue, and I thank her for leading this Special Order on this important topic, which is gun safety, especially as it re-lates to school safety. Keeping all students and educators safe is a top priority. On Friday, we had another tragedy. A small town that few could point out on a map is now infamous. Santa Fe High School, near Galveston, Texas, experienced a mass shooting, leaving 10 dead: Eight students, two teachers. Several stu-dents said to the media, they knew this would eventually happen to them. Our thoughts and prayers are with those students and with the families suffering from acts of gun violence, but enough is enough. This shooting marks at least 16 shootings in schools just this year. Using the same metrics, there have been hundreds of school shootings since the April 1999 shooting at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado: Marjory Stoneman Douglas; Sandy Hook; Columbine; Virginia Tech; and now Santa Fe. We watch, year after year, as stu-dents and educators lose their lives to gun violence, both in and out of school. Yet, in the decades since Columbine, Congress has taken virtually no action. Instead of ignoring these tragedies, Congress must have some hard con-versations about guns, about mental health, about bullying, and about poli-cies that contribute to the school-to- prison pipeline. And more than just conversation, Congress must act with policies built on evidence-based re-search, not slogans and sound bites. We all agree that we must do all that we can do to protect our students and pre-vent violence of all forms, including gun violence. In the wake of Columbine, the knee- jerk reaction was to put more police in schools, invest in security infrastruc-ture such as metal detectors, and turn our schools into fortresses. The re-search, based on such policies, is clear that more guns and schools built like Fort Knox will not make our students and teachers safer, and likely will neg-atively impact vulnerable students. There is evidence that with more po-lice in schools, they will be more likely to arrest the children than to protect the children. After Columbine, we passed legislation providing services for those caught up in the juvenile jus-tice system, but, unfortunately, over the years, that funding has evaporated. After Sandy Hook, no action was taken either. The Democratic Gun Safety Task Force made a list of rec-ommendations of actions we could take, like an assault weapons ban, lim-iting the size of magazines, closing loopholes in background checks, more investments in mental health, and funding evidence-based policies that re-duce crime. Unfortunately, no action has been taken on this list of initia-tives. Yet, we have seen virtually no ac-tion, even after the situation in Park-land, Florida. Instead, we have seen calls to arm teachers, allow racial dis-crimination in the name of safety, and equip every school with more armed police officers. These measures have created a culture of fear and anxiety that actually makes the school-to-pris-on pipeline worse, and it does nothing to increase school safety. We know what needs to be done to address school shootings. We need to equip our school leaders, teachers, and parents with the resources necessary to ensure access to school-based mental health services; we need to prevent bul-lying and harassment; and we need to achieve safe and welcoming learning environments for all students. Comprehensive and collaborative interventions will help address school violence, improve school climate, and keep students safe. Students des-perately need the staff and resources to better meet the mental health needs of students. We must invest in hiring more school counselors, psychologists, and social workers. Trauma-informed care is a framework that helps all stakeholders recognize the signs of trauma and provides training on how to support children coping with trau-ma. And we need proactive, not reactive, approaches to handling school dis-cipline. Unfortunately, far too many schools today do not utilize the preven-tion interventions and, instead, rely heavily on suspensions and expulsions. The evidence is clear: the overuse of exclusionary discipline and the dis-parate treatment of students of color and students with disabilities robs our most vulnerable students of the oppor-tunity to learn and to achieve. In 2014, the Obama administration re-leased a guidance package that focused on clarifying schools’ obligation under Federal civil rights law to identify and address racial bias in discipline policies and practices. Those guidelines showed localities how to reduce those dispari-ties without jeopardizing school safety. The guidance has recently been under attack from the administration and congressional Republicans, who are ac-tually trying to claim the guidance has contributed to the school shooting in Parkland. Not only is this claim ex-ploiting a tragedy to advance previous priorities, it is also factually false. The guidance package, in no way, re-quired schools to change discipline policies if disparities did not exist; and if the disparities did exist, they were not required to take any action that reduced school safety. Further, the guidance rightly pointed out that re-search shows suspensions and expul-sions are ineffective and, actually, a harmful means of handling school dis-cipline. Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to take action because what we have done so far is not enough. We must enact com-monsense gun violence prevention measures, and we must provide re-sources to educators and students to increase access to mental health serv-ices. I hope that as we move forward from yet another tragedy, that we can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.071 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4280 May 21, 2018 
stand together, ready to support our teachers, students, and families with real, evidence-based solutions. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Third District of Virginia, the Hon-orable B
OBBY SCOTT, for those com-ments. Mr. Speaker, I neglected to mention that he is the ranking member on the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and has really brought forth to us the real tangible informa-tion that we have about what happens to our young people in school when such tragedies occur, and what all of the fallout and by-products can be when we institute nonsensical policies, like having teachers arm themselves in the classroom, or the overreliance of law enforcement in the school environ-ment. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for bringing those facts to the floor and really laying out for the American people what it really means for our students to have to experience this violence within what is supposed to be the sanctity of their classrooms. b2100 Having said that, let me just close this evening’s Special Order hour by expressing sort of the collective out-rage of the members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus for the inaction of our Speaker and our colleagues on the other side of the aisle in the Repub-lican Party who are not stepping up to show courage and determination to really bring an end to what we see as a violent epidemic in our Nation at this time. Our colleague called upon colleagues in the body today to stand with him if they had witnessed or have experienced gun violence in their communities, to stand with the families whose names he read off today of children who per-ished in Texas. I found it interesting, when I looked at the floor—I didn’t go to the floor because I knew it was just a ploy. But when I looked and saw how many colleagues were standing there with him, I said, if only they brought some legislation to the floor to end all of this, it would pass, because just about every colleague has been im-pacted by this outbreak in horrible gun violence across this Nation. We need our legislation to be brought to the floor. Not doing so is really an affront to the American people, and it is certainly uncivilized and, some would even say, barbaric, because we have the knowledge, the wherewithal, and the ability to make a difference in the lives of the American people. It is up to us, the people who they have elected, to do the work that must be done on their behalf. Enough is enough, Mr. Speaker. Lives are being lost minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day, month by month, year by year in America be-cause of the inaction of the Republican majority in the House of Representa-tives. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ). Members are re-minded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Dr. B
URGESS , for all the hours of work. It is not just a lot of fun up there on the Rules Com-mittee, but I appreciate the work on behalf of our Conference. Mr. Speaker, it has been a tragic number of days emanating from Santa Fe, Texas, due south of my home in east Texas, down in R
ANDY WEBER ’s district. It truly is tragic. It is tragic, as well, when people in this country have become so com-fortable persecuting Christians, de-meaning Christians, that they put no stock, in fact, belittle anyone’s men-tioning of praying for the families or even praying for the country, which is where we have got to be. There is a God. It is the same God that is referenced above my head and behind me, that same God in whom a lot of us trust. It just says: ‘‘In God we trust.’’ That is the national motto, but I guess it would be more accurate to say, ‘‘In God, whom a lot of us trust’’ because of the condescending, demean-ing comments made about Christians, about praying. Prayer does work, it does matter, but not when a majority of the country is prevented from discussing Christianity publicly. I mean, this was a country where Christians from different parts of the world fled to. It was a destina-tion, a glorious destination where peo-ple could come and live as Christians and not be persecuted, because Jesus himself said we would be hated, but he said: Remember, they hated me first. We were told we would suffer for His sake, and He has certainly shown how brutal that could be. But as the oligarchs in black robes have taken over legislating, executive activities, as well as their own judicial activities, they have walked our country to the brink of despair. They have taken prayer—and I am talking about the oligarchs in black robes, the judges. I was once a judge, felony judge, then a chief justice of a court of appeals, and I know how easy it is to think so highly of oneself. When a black robe is donned, our imperfections are covered up. And by our office, we are supposed to have some higher form of reason than our fellow people. It is just not so. It is not so. People have had it forced down their throats that, when it comes to edu-cation, it can’t be education about reli-gion, particularly Christianity. Oh, you can talk about Islam. You can talk about Buddhism. You can give glowing reports about such things and what it takes to believe about the four pillars of Islam, but you don’t dare talk about Christianity, because that is when the courts go nuts, say you have exceeded your bounds. Schools have been told that they need to reinforce in a child’s mind the relativism of different positions, where right to some may be wrong for others, and wrong for some may be right for others. There is no black and white, right or wrong. There is simply rel-ativism. John Adams, in 1797, as our second President of the United States, gave a warning that cries through over 200 years, over 220 years. He said it clearly: This Constitution is intended for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate for the government of any other. He was a very wise man. This Con-stitution of ours, the one we took an oath to follow here in this very Cham-ber, it doesn’t work in a country where the people are not taught morality. When John Adams said morality and religion, he was particularly talking about Christianity and Judeo-Christian morals as one finds in the Ten Com-mandments, as symbolically evidenced by the fact that Moses’ supposed like-ness directly above and in front of me is the only face of all of those profiles that is full face and not the side, be-cause at one time he was considered to be the greatest lawgiver of all times. At the time, it was the Ten Com-mandments that were considered to be so vital that those who came before us believed were the greatest laws ever given. But through the oligarchs across the street in black robes, they have said: Don’t mention God. It is okay to use ‘‘Jesus’’ as long as you use it as a one-word exclamatory statement. It is fine to take God or Jesus’ name in vain, that is fine, that is okay, but don’t use it in a statement that you have sincerely with all your heart cho-sen to follow Jesus. That is just too in-appropriate. So Adams, he was right. Whether you call them oligarchs, multiple mon-archs, they have helped lead this coun-try in a direction it really didn’t want to go, been ahead of the country forc-ing us down this road to the dustbin of history. It is just so clear. If you are not going to teach the Judeo-Christian mo-rality on which this country was found-ed, on which the revolution came about—without the churches of the day and the Great Awakening of the 1700s, there would not have been a revolu-tion. Without a Second Great Awak-ening in the 1800s and some of the churches’ leadership, we would never have seen the end of slavery in Amer-ica. The world will never see the end of slavery. There will always be slavery in the world, but it is such a hideous form of people mistreating other people, I literally pray that it will not revisit this Nation, this once great Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.073 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4281 May 21, 2018 
I do believe we can be great again, but not when we fail to bow our head in reverence to the God that we once trusted, most of us. b2115 But if we are not going to teach the morality that would lead to a revolu-tion, that would lead to an end to slav-ery, that would lead an ordained Chris-tian minister to bring about another peaceful revolution of civil rights— read letters from the Birmingham jail. This man, Martin Luther King, Jr., was an ordained Christian minister. It was the biggest part of who he was and whose he was. And as we have removed those things that motivated a country toward free-dom and motivated a Nation toward freedom for everyone, and an end to slavery, and then motivating them yet again through the words of the Bible through leaders like Martin Luther King, Jr., we are headed in a moral dec-lination that ends in the dustbin of his-tory. I just caught a few things that were said by my colleagues across the aisle before I came up. My friend B
OBBY  S
COTT from Virginia indicated some-thing to the effect that the lack of dis-cipline robs students. We have come a long way from the days where students got paddlings. I have been paddled. I was an A student, honor student, head of the National Honor Society. I still got paddled. I had friends on the football team and other athletic teams, who had coaches that cared about them enough to take the time out of their busy schedule, not to give a time out to the offending student, but actually apply the board of education to the seat of knowledge. And I really believe that I had friends, both white and black, in sports that would have headed for prison if not for a coach caring enough to paddle them when they got out of line, even though they were grown; not adults by law, but certainly full-bodied adults. They got them on the path that would lead them away from prison and lead them to being productive. So when we claim, well, we have a Second Amendment right to bear arms, we have a First Amendment, very first amendment we have, a right to free-dom of religion and freedom of speech and freedom of assembly, but when we have forsaken God and the teachings found in the Bible that were such a foundational part of our Nation’s founding, then the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, don’t work. You have got to give up the freedom of speech because some things you say motivate others to commit acts of vio-lence. So instead of condemning and punishing the violence, we silence the offending speaker, because those days when we defended what others said that we disagreed with them, those ap-pear to be a distant memory. Not only do we disagree with what others say, but we will offend to their death to try to prevent their right to say them. It is a long far cry from the calls during the Revolution often at-tributed to Voltaire, maybe it was him, maybe it was some other, but ‘‘I dis-agree with what you say, but will de-fend to the death your right to say it.’’ They thought this would be a country where that could happen. But schools, public schools at least, are not allowed to teach the kind of morality that was taught for at least the first half of our country’s exist-ence. Yes, Thomas Jefferson had slaves. I have often pondered the incredible irony how Thomas Jefferson could have slaves, and yet in the first draft of the Declaration of Independence, put on paper how offensive slavery was and make that as an enumerated grievance against King George for ever allowing slavery to begin here in the United States. That was taken out before the Dec-laration of Independence was finally agreed to and signed. But the only discussion, it seems, about the Bible in public schools is when it is demeaned and belittled. So are we shocked that there is vio-lence? Yes, we are still shocked. We still grieve for the families that have lost loved ones that will never be there again. Put ourselves in their places. Think what could have been done differently. Well, everybody is pretty safe in this building. Going back to 1998, when two law officers were killed, when it was so easy to come into the Capitol, they were by the majority leader’s office, and one was able to shoot the shooter, though it cost him his life. So we have had metal detectors. We have had people screened to come in here, but not in the schools. It is unfortunate, but if we are not going to teach biblical morality, then to be free, we just can’t be. We have got to give up freedoms of speech, reli-gion, assembly. We have got to give up our right to bear arms. Not only give up our right to keep and bear arms, but we have got to give up our right to keep pressure cookers, our right to have fertilizer that could be used for bombs. We have got to give up knives. It is amazing to me. I went to school in elementary school where we prayed most days, said the pledge of allegiance every day, were not afraid to talk about lessons from the Bible, and I car-ried a pocketknife to school. There probably weren’t 5, 10 days in all my growing up where I didn’t carry a pock-etknife to school. And I just noticed in my bedside stand I have got three knives that be-longed to my grandfather that he car-ried for much of his life, because they didn’t have a problem with kids having knives in school. But when you don’t teach Judeo- Christian morality, then you better take people’s knives, guns, anything that might be used as a weapon. Vans. We will have to make it tougher to ever get a van. Maybe have a cooling off period before you can apply for and get a van or something that can run people down. Eventually we will have to have cars that are driverless that only the gov-ernment can set in motion so that we can protect ourselves and only go where the government will allow us to go. That is where we are headed. And it is where you have to go if you are not going to teach the morality and the re-ligion that John Adams spoke of as our second President in 1797. But that has also seen its way into our Federal Government. It is okay to lie if it helps your political team. It is okay to violate the law if it is for your team. It is okay to violate the Con-stitution and your oath to the Con-stitution if you are the head of the CIA or are intelligence and you want to stop the opposing party’s candidate from winning or remove that candidate from office after he has fairly won. This May 12 article from Andrew McCarthy, National Review, he points out that ‘‘The Steele dossier author told Fusion GPS’ Glenn Simpson about a human source. ‘‘Something tells me Glenn Simpson did not make a mistake. Something tells me the co-founder of Fusion GPS was dead-on accurate when he testified that Christopher Steele told him the FBI had a human source, i.e., a spy in-side the Trump campaign, as the 2016 Presidential race headed into its stretch run. ‘‘When he realized how explosive this revelation was, Simpson walked it back: He had, perhaps, ‘mischaracterized’ what he had been told by Steele, the former British spy and principal author of the anti-Trump dossier he and Simpson compiled for the Clinton campaign. ‘‘Simpson gave his testimony about the FBI’s human source at a closed Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on August 22, 2017. He did not try to re-tract it until the uproar that followed the publication of his testimony on January 9, 2018. The latter date is sig-nificant for reasons we will come to. ‘‘Simpson’s testimony on this point is worth revisiting because of a pitched battle between the House Intelligence Committee and the Justice Depart-ment. Essential reporting on the con-troversy has been done by The Wall Street Journal’s Kim Strassel. On Thursday, she related that, yet again, Congress had faced down a DOJ/FBI at-tempt to stonewall the committee’s probe of investigative irregularities during the 2016 election season—par-ticularly, abuse of government surveil-lance powers, which the Obama-led agencies used to monitor the Trump campaign. ‘‘Unable to get voluntary coopera-tion, committee chairman D
EVIN N
UNES issued a subpoena demanding the Justice Department disclose infor-mation by the top secret intelligence source who is said to have assisted the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.076 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4282 May 21, 2018 
Russian investigation. That investiga-tion is now being run by Special Coun-sel Robert Mueller. But more inter-esting is how it got started. On that question, officials have been surprisingly fuzzy in their expla-nations, and hilariously inconsistent in their leaks: initially settling on an origination story that hinged on the Steele dossier and a trip to Moscow by the obscure Trump campaign adviser Carter Page; later pivoting to a tale of boozy blathering by an even more ob-scure Trump campaign adviser, George Papadopoulos, when the first story proved embarrassing—the dossier alle-gations having been unverified when the Justice Department included them in warrant applications to the FISA court.’’ Mr. Speaker, it has become clear to me, as a former judge, that the FISA courts have got to go. For some reason, these judges that have been nominated by a President, confirmed by the Senate, do an okay job when their court proceedings are open, obvious, and they have some ac-countability, reaction from the Amer-ican public. But apparently, when they act in secret, they don’t care so much about the Constitution. They have no pride in their own courts so that people can come in, take an oath, lie to them, create a fraud upon the court, and we don’t hear a peep out of those judges. Not one lawyer or witness has been held to account by the courts that they offended by their fraud and deception. b2130 And that includes Rosenstein and, apparently, at least the fourth applica-tion to renew the warrant that should never have been issued in the first place—and surely would not have been if the FISA court had not been meeting in secret away from public eyes. Is there any secret this country has that is worth the destruction of our ju-dicial system as we have seen through the fraud and the misrepresentations that have been allowed with no con-sequence? No offended judge is of-fended. It tells me that this pitiful little gathering we have allowed to be called the FISA court needs to stop. They are doing more damage to our country than they could ever possibly help by their secrecy. And the more we find out about what has been kept secret, the darker it appears for this country and for our future. We have Brennan and Clapper who perjured themselves multiple times be-fore Congress and didn’t seem bothered by it in the least. And then Brennan makes clear that, if you come up against them, you can do so at your own peril because they have ways of making you pay the price. That is exactly what our Founders were concerned about. The King had his ways, too, King George III. And, ap-parently, that is the kind of kingdom we have come into here in the 21st cen-tury when an opposition campaign for President can pay for a warrant to be issued for no just cause, no probable cause, and no consequences. We have seen the Justice Depart-ment, these career people, they weren’t interested in ensuring that justice was done. If they had been, they would have gotten some Republicans to inves-tigate. They were interested in being political to the damage of this country and our judicial system. It has got to stop. Mueller needs to resign, and Rosenstein needs to be fired. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2019; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 204, TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN M
CLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2017; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2155, ECONOMIC GROWTH, REG-ULATORY RELIEF, AND CON-SUMER PROTECTION ACT Mr. BURGESS (during the Special Order of Mr. G
OHMERT ), from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–698) on the resolution (H. Res. 905) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (S. 204) to au-thorize the use of unapproved medical products by patients diagnosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2155) to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-vania (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of attending the fu-neral of a close family friend. 
f 
SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION REFERRED A joint resolution of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, re-ferred as follows: 
S.J. Res. 60. Joint resolution providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. f ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, May 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4939. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Crabmeat; Amendment of Common or Usual Name Regulation [Docket No.: FDA-2018-N- 1438] (RIN: 0910-AI04) received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4940. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Advisory Committee; Food Advisory Com-mittee; Termination [Docket No.: FDA-2017- N-6379] received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4941. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Marine Microalgae [Docket No.: FDA-2014-F-1509] re-ceived May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4942. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Removal of Certain Time of Inspec-tion and Duties of Inspector Regulations for Biological Products; Withdrawal [Docket No.: FDA-2017-N-7007] (RIN: 0910-AH49) re-ceived May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4943. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Food Labeling: Revision of the Nutri-tion and Supplement Facts Labels and Serv-ing Sizes of Foods That Can Reasonably Be Consumed At One Eating Occasion; Dual-Col-umn Labeling; Updating, Modifying, and Es-tablishing Certain Reference Amounts Cus-tomarily Consumed; Serving Size for Breath Mints; and Technical Amendments; Exten-sion of Compliance Dates [Docket Nos.: FDA- 2012-N-1210 and FDA-2004-N-0258] (RIN: 0910- AH92) received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4944. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-335, ‘‘Preservation of Electronic Re-cordings of Meetings Temporary Amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21MY7.078 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4283 May 21, 2018 
Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4945. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-336, ‘‘Mental Health Information Dis-closure Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4946. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-320, ‘‘Board of Elections Domicile Re-quirement Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4947. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-339, ‘‘TOPA Single-Family Home Ex-emption Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4948. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-338, ‘‘Limited-Equity Cooperative Task Force Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4949. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-340, ‘‘Accessible and Transparent Pro-curement Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4950. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-342, ‘‘Captive Insurance Agency Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4951. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-319, ‘‘University of the District of Co-lumbia Leased Property Tax Abatement Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4952. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-318, ‘‘Rental Unit Fee Adjustment Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4953. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-341, ‘‘Subrogation Fund Establish-ment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4954. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-345, ‘‘Telehealth Medicaid Expansion Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4955. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-337, ‘‘Address Confidentiality Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4956. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-344, ‘‘Long-Term Care Ombudsman Program Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4957. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22-343, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Support Clarification Amendment Act of 2018’’, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4958. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Reconnaissance Office Freedom of Information Act Program Regu-lation [Docket ID: DOD-2017-OS-0025] (RIN: 0790-AJ66) received May 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4959. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, USCG, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting the Department’s tem-porary final rule — Safety Zone; Oregon Inlet, Dare County, NC [Docket Number: USCG-2017-0964] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4960. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2018 Calendar Year Resident Popu-lation Figures [Notice 2018-45] received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4961. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Services’ IRB only rule — 2018 List of Automatic Changes (Rev. Proc. 2018-31) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee on Armed Services. Supplemental report on H.R. 5515. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–676, Pt. 2). Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 4245. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress certain documents relating to the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs (Rept. 115–691). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5215. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to prohibit em-ployees found to have knowingly misused Department of Veterans Affairs purchase cards from serving as purchase card holders or approving officials (Rept. 115–692). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5418. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program using multiple prime vendors (Rept. 115–693). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 4830. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs unless the educational institution pro-viding the course permits individuals to at-tend or participate in courses pending pay-ment by Department, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–694). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5655. A bill to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monu-ment in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–695). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. YODER: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 5894. A bill making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–696). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SIMPSON: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 5895. A bill making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–697). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 905. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (S. 204) to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by patients diagnosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2155) to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–698). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 5887. A bill to amend the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to extend the period during which the Under Secretary of Com-merce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office may set or adjust certain fees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. NEAL (for himself, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H.R. 5888. A bill to amend part A of title IV of the Social Security Act to provide grants for coordination of the TANF program with career pathways; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:57 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\MAY\H21MY8.REC H21MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4284 May 21, 2018 
By Mr. BRAT (for himself and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ): H.R. 5889. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to disseminate information, resources, and if requested, technical assistance to early childhood care and education providers and professionals working with young children on ways to properly recognize and respond to children who may be impacted by trauma related to substance abuse; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 5890. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide as-sistance to States in complying with, and implementing, certain provisions of section 106 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-ment Act in order to promote better protec-tions for young children and family-centered responses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself and Mr. L
AMB): H.R. 5891. A bill to establish an inter-agency task force to improve the Federal re-sponse to families impacted by substance abuse disorders; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota (for him-self and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 5892. A bill to establish an Advisory Committee on Opioids and the Workplace to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the Department of Labor can take to address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. W
ITTMAN ): H.R. 5893. A bill to require a certain per-centage of liquefied natural gas and crude oil exports be transported on United States- built and United States-flag vessels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HURD (for himself, Mr. V
ELA, and Ms. M
CSALLY ): H.R. 5896. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify the authority for pay and work schedules of border patrol agents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. H
URD, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. O LSON , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. P
OEof Texas, and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 5897. A bill to require the Secretary of the Army to expedite the completion of cer-tain feasibility studies and reports and to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to ensure public safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. Z
ELDIN ): H.R. 5898. A bill to require the Secretary of State to develop a strategy on administra-tion policy regarding UNRWA, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. FASO (for himself, Mr. UPTON , Mr. S
ARBANES , and Mr. T ONKO ): H.R. 5899. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize school- based health centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. F ASO, Mr. P
OSEY , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): H.R. 5900. A bill to provide for a national strategy to address and overcome Lyme dis-ease and other tick-borne diseases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 5901. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit the Secretary of the Army to produce, treat, manage, and use natural gas located under Fort Knox, Ken-tucky, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself, Mr. C
APU-
ANO, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 5902. A bill to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to provide for reform in the operations of the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ: H. Res. 906. A resolution congratulating the American College of Emergency Physi-cians on its 50th anniversary; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of role XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 5887. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 (‘‘To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries’’) of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 5888. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5889. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 5890. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5891. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota: H.R. 5892. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution ofthe United States By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 5893. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. YODER: H.R. 5894 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Mr. SIMPSON H.R. 5895 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Mr. HURD: H.R. 5896. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 5897. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: General Welfare Clause: Article I, Sec. 8, cl. 1, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .;’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21MY7.100 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4285 May 21, 2018 
Commerce Clause: Article I, Sec. 8, cl. 3, ‘‘[The Congress shall have Power] To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes;’’ Necessary and Proper Clause: Article I, Sec. 8, cl. 18, ‘‘[The Congress shall have Power] To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers. . . .’’ By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5898. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8 By Mr. FASO: H.R. 5899. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5900. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 5901. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. RASKIN: H.R. 5902. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—[The Con-gress shall have the power] to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 3: Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 173: Mr. W
ALBERG and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 350: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 392: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 394: Mrs. L
OVEand Mrs. H ANDEL . H.R. 750: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 810: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 846: Mr. F
LORES and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 878: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 949: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 980: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1243: Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 1272: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1310: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 1374: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 1377: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 1450: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1472: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 1550: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 1661: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 1776: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1880: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1881: Mr. S
TEWART , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1911: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. M
AST, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 1928: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2092: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 2234: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 2435: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2472: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2475: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 2561: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 2871: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 2913: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 3023: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 3127: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 3128: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 3153: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3730: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3733: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 3976: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 4099: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 4107: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4147: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4256: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. T
IPTON , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 4439: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4571: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 4819: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 4953: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5011: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5132: Mr. F
LORES , Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. B RAT, Mr. H URD, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R
USSELL , and Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 5153: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. N ORMAN . H.R. 5176: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 5220: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 5282: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 5307: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 5327: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. S CHNEI -
DER. H.R. 5365: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 5374: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 5385: Ms. M
OORE , Ms. D EGETTE , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5410: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5414: Mr. S
ERRANO and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 5469: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5486: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 5587: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5588: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 5603: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 5606: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 5661: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5671: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 5682: Mr. B
LUM, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. C LAY, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 5686: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5689: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 5701: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5715: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5728: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5732: Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 5774: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 5775: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5780: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5795: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 5819: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 5822: Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 5824: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 5841: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 5849: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5861: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 5863: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 5873: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 5882: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.J. Res. 31: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 294: Ms. M
ATSUI . H. Res. 401: Mr. M
ARCHANT and Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H. Res. 785: Mr. N
UNES . H. Res. 871: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. J
ONES . H. Res. 876: Mr. L
YNCH . H. Res. 893: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. R OS-
KAM. H. Res. 901: Mr. P
ANETTA . H. Res. 902: Ms. N
ORTON . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted, as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. WALDEN  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in S. 204 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. Amendment No. 1 to be offered by Rep-resentative M
ACTHORNBERRY to H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY7.039 H21MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2781 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 21, 2018 No. 83 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, who fills us with hope even in challenging times, use us to bring Your Kingdom to Earth. Give to our lawmakers the inner strength to seek the truth and live by Your precepts. Help them to see eter-nal things amid the tempests of the temporal. Use them to help create a more nonviolent nation and world. Free them from towering self-suffi-ciency as they habitually place their hope in You. Lord, make them tall enough in moral and spiritual stature to rise above the petty prejudices of our day, depending on You to direct their steps. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
SANTA FE HIGH SCHOOL SHOOTING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Nation watched in horror Friday as a senseless act of violence changed a community forever. The Senate and all Americans stand in mourning, sorrow, and sympathy with the students, fac-ulty, staff, and families of Santa Fe High School in Texas. No community should ever be sub-jected to such horror and heartbreak. Our hearts go out to the families of those killed, to the wounded who con-tinue to battle injuries, to the first re-sponders who leapt into action, and to the Santa Fe community that rallies around them. f 
VA MISSION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, in the coming days, the Senate will take up landmark legislation on one of our top priorities: providing more options and better care to America’s veterans. The VA MISSION Act is a major milestone in an ongoing effort by Chairman I
SAKSON and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ensure that our Nation fulfills its promises to our men and women in uniform, including more than 300,000 veterans in my home State of Kentucky. What Senator I
SAKSON and his col-leagues have put together is one of the most comprehensive reform packages for veterans’ healthcare since the VA was created in 1930. It builds on the substantial success of the Veterans Choice Act and harnesses provisions of 15 different Senate-introduced bills. This bill streamlines support systems, expands access to care, and provides new tools for attracting and retraining top caregivers. The veteran who lives far from a VA facility but needs frequent followup care will now have easier access to local providers and walk-in clinics. The wounded warrior navigating difficult pain management routines will now be served by providers with clearer guide-lines for opioid prescriptions. The re-tired servicemember who relies on a family caregiver will rest assured of expanded eligibility and program bene-fits for veterans of all eras. It is hardly surprising that this bill has such a broad bipartisan coalition of support, including the endorsement of 38 of the Nation’s leading veterans ad-vocacy organizations. I look forward enthusiastically to considering it in the coming days. I urge every one of my colleagues to support this legislation and send it to the President for his signature. It is not merely our duty but our privilege to improve and enhance the care avail-able to those who have given so much. f 
NOMINATION OF DANA BAIOCCO Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, later today we will consider the nomination of Dana Baiocco, the President’s choice to join the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion. Ms. Baiocco’s re´sum´e speaks for itself. After receiving her J.D. cum laude from Duquesne University, she clerked in the Western District of Pennsylvania before launching an im-pressive career in private practice. For two decades she has stood at the center of complicated cases and gained national recognition for her mastery of the legal questions surrounding con-sumer safety. This experience makes Ms. Baiocco an ideal candidate to help the CPSC protect consumers effec-tively and efficiently without imposing unnecessary barriers to free enterprise. Testifying before our colleagues on the Commerce Committee, she pledged to seek that balance with ‘‘trans-parency’’ and an ‘‘open door policy’’ and to remain ‘‘guided by the rule of law.’’ I look forward to advancing this qualified nominee when we vote this afternoon and urge all of my colleagues to join me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.000 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2782 May 21, 2018 
CRA RESOLUTIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, earlier today, Presi-dent Trump signed into law a Congres-sional Review Act resolution that re-pealed a particularly egregious over-reach by President Obama’s Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Federal regulators found a loophole, skipped the standard period for review and pub-lic comment, and issued unilateral guidance that made life needlessly complicated for the American auto in-dustry and its customers. Thanks to Senator T
OOMEY ’s tenac-ity, the GAO ruled that this intrusion did indeed constitute rulemaking that ought to be subject to congressional re-view. So Congress got to have its say. Accountability won out in the end. Thanks to this resolution from Senator M
ORAN , yet another onerous regulation is now headed to the wastebasket. Our record use of CRAs is just one of the tools Republicans are using to get Washington out of the way of Amer-ican workers and job creators. Repub-lican tax reform is providing historic tax cuts for middle-class families and small businesses, and it repealed the individual mandate penalty at the heart of ObamaCare. Tomorrow, the House will vote on the Senate-passed legislation cham-pioned by Senator C
RAPO , which will give community banks and credit unions relief from the crushing burden of complying with Dodd-Frank. Of course, in the executive branch, the President’s team has turned the page on the last administration’s hos-tility toward American business. The result is a palpable shift that is im-proving the entire economy. Back in 2013, more than three-quar-ters of U.S. manufacturers said that a hostile climate due to taxes and regu-lation was a major business obstacle. Three-quarters of the U.S. manufactur-ers said that in 2013. Today, 16 months into the unified Republican govern-ment, fewer than 20 percent say that. It went from 75 percent who were con-cerned about taxes and regulations in 2013 down to 20 percent today. Nearly 95 percent are optimistic about their future economic prospects. Everyone is taking notice. Here is a New York Times headline from a few months ago: ‘‘The Trump Effect: Busi-ness, Anticipating Less Regulation, Loosens Purse Strings.’’ That is from the New York Times. One Texas homebuilder told report-ers, ‘‘It’s an overall sense that you are not going to face any new regulatory fights.’’ There is more investment, more pros-perity, more job openings, and higher wages all across the country. Good things happen when Republican poli-cies get Washington out of the Amer-ican people’s way. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2017. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
NAFTA  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I am here today to discuss new legislation to help Puerto Rico gain a stronger fiscal foot-ing, but before turning to that, I would like to make a few comments regard-ing the current NAFTA trade talks. Over the past few weeks, there has been a lot of discussion in the press about potential deadlines for con-cluding negotiations on NAFTA. While speculation about timelines is natural, let me be clear. As I have said from the beginning of these talks, the most im-portant thing for determining when and how Congress will vote on an even-tual North American Free Trade Agreement outcome is the quality of the agreement. I understand that the current nego-tiations are about an existing agree-ment that American businesses and workers rely on in dealing with two of our largest trading partners. I under-stand that continuing negotiations means a level of uncertainty about these important relationships will con-tinue to persist. Nevertheless, it is critical that the administration take the time necessary to get these nego-tiations right. I believe the administra-tion understands that. A modernized NAFTA will help American businesses and workers only if it includes strong and enforceable protections for America’s creators and innovators, supports cross-border data flows, and maintains and expands mar-ket access for American goods and services exporters to the Canadian and Mexican markets. The bottom line: Substance is what matters, and we should not allow other considerations to impede achieving our goals. I am confident that with continued discussions between the United States, Canada, and Mexico, we can create a strong agreement that will meet the high standards set by Congress in trade promotion authority. I will continue to support the administration in achiev-ing that outcome. 
PUERTO RICO ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT ACT  
Mr. President, having said my piece about NAFTA, I would like to turn to the main purpose for which I am stand-ing here. Last Thursday, I introduced a bill, cosponsored by Senator RUBIO, titled the Puerto Rico Economic Empower-ment Act of 2018. The bill works to help the people in Puerto Rico as they con-tinue to face a stagnant economy and recover from massive damage caused by recent hurricanes. This bill will be a critical step to-ward resurrecting growth in Puerto Rico. It directly targets relief to Puer-to Ricans themselves and small busi-nesses on the island. In brief, the bill provides the fol-lowing: First, the bill provides a pay-roll tax holiday for employees in Puer-to Rico for 2 years, cutting their pay-roll taxes in half in order to give eco-nomic relief to the hard-working peo-ple of Puerto Rico who face an econ-omy that has been stagnant and mis-managed for far too long. Second, the bill provides equal treat-ment with respect to the Federal child tax credit for Puerto Rican families with one or two children, not just for those who have three or more. This will provide more equitable treatment for Puerto Rican families with respect to the Federal child tax credit, to help families to reduce child poverty. Third, the bill provides greater flexi-bility for Puerto Rico in various Small Business Administration programs to assist Puerto Rico’s small business owners during a time of prolonged eco-nomic downturn. Fourth, the bill confronts the long-standing problem in trying to monitor Puerto Rico’s economy, which stems from lack of inclusion of Puerto Rico in many Federal statistical surveys. The bill also calls for the establish-ment of a Federal statistical research data center in Puerto Rico. These and other provisions in the bill follow recommendations of the bipar-tisan Congressional Task Force on Eco-nomic Growth in Puerto Rico. I had the opportunity of chairing that task force with four Members from the House and four Members from the Sen-ate. We also made sure the task force was evenly split with regard to polit-ical affiliation. I know such even-handed bipartisanship and compromise is rare around here, but we were able to do it, and we came up with a 125-page report that made many different sug-gestions. Not wanting that work to go to waste, Senator R
UBIO and I have been working hard to draft those pro-posals into this bill, and I am confident it truly embodies the purpose and bi-partisan spirit of that bicameral task force. Although I do not have a score on the bill yet, previous scores on simi-lar provisions would add up to over $3.25 billion in relief, largely in tax re-lief to our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico. Once I obtain an updated score, I will recalibrate the offset accordingly, if necessary. In the meantime, the fiscal cost of the bill is entirely offset by redirecting funds from the Prevention and Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MY6.002 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2783 May 21, 2018 
Health Fund established under the so- called Affordable Care Act. Redirecting from that fund helped provide offsets for the 21st Century Cures Act and for the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, both of which received bipartisan support. I hope all of my colleagues can join Senator R
UBIO and me in support of this bill. After all, our prior efforts have not solved many of the ongoing issues in Puerto Rico. For example, to-ward the end of 2015, we passed PROMESA into law. PROMESA was the result of the ef-forts by the Obama administration offi-cials to share in Puerto Rico’s out-standing debt obligations. It largely took their bankruptcy scheme but use-fully added provisions intended to spark economic development in Puerto Rico, particularly in the energy space. One promise of PROMESA touted by the Obama administration officials was that it would circumvent a viscous and wasteful sequence of lawsuits. Theo-retically, the law was going to stop creditors and the government of Puerto Rico from facing off in prolonged court battles. I voted for PROMESA because Puerto Rico’s long span of fiscal irrespon-sibility needed to be stopped, and a promise of limiting litigation was in-viting. Unfortunately, the law has failed to prevent a tidal wave of litiga-tion as was promised. PROMESA also set up an oversight board to facilitate voluntary debt reso-lution negotiations or movement of disputes to a court-supervised, bank-ruptcy-like process. The promise of voluntary debt resolutions has not been fulfilled, even for a restructuring agreement between creditors and Puer-to Rico’s power authority called PREPA, which had been agreed upon by both sides. The oversight board was also in-tended to oversee and monitor budgets for the various indebted arms of the government of Puerto Rico. On this front, I have also been disappointed as it seems the oversight board has large-ly been operating in the dark, often re-lying on the government of Puerto Rico for information of questionable validity. That said, I am not without hope. The oversight board has recently been slightly more aggressive in its de-mands for transparency from the gov-ernment of Puerto Rico, and I hope they are successful in obtaining useful, verifiable information. However, the government of Puerto Rico has been and remains largely opaque. As just one example, I have asked government officials in Puerto Rico for audited financial statements for nearly 3 years now. Let me repeat that. I have been waiting nearly 3 years for audited financial statements from Puerto Rico. Unfortunately, to the best of my knowledge, the govern-ment of Puerto Rico has not provided audited financial information since fis-cal year 2014. This is obviously prob-lematic when trying to figure out how to best help Puerto Rico, and this is not a one-off issue. Recently, following numerous claims by government offi-cials in Puerto Rico of severe, even cri-sis-level liquidity shortages, Puerto Rico finally got around to looking into hundreds of scattered government bank accounts and revealed late last year that it found nearly $7 billion of stranded cash. This is just one of many examples of how disorganized and in-consistent accounting continues to pre-vail in Puerto Rico, damaging the credibility of the government, but it doesn’t end there. There have recently been attempts by the government in Puerto Rico to potentially politicize the Puerto Rico Institute of Statistics. Obviously, this is concerning. In a report by the Con-gressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico, Members of Congress from both Chambers and both sides of the aisle expressed that the In-stitute of Statistics ‘‘has emerged as a highly professional, autonomous, and apolitical organization that is bringing greater transparency to economic, fi-nancial and fiscal conditions on the is-land.’’ Indeed, a recommendation of the task force was for the institute to con-tinue to protect its independence. Un-fortunately, the institute has been forced to litigate its independence, given an ill-conceived effort by the government of Puerto Rico to overhaul and potentially politicize the institute. I know there is bipartisan support for our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico. Indeed, I heard a lot of support by Members on the floor following the devastating hurricanes that hit the is-land. Some Members seemed genuinely concerned, while others seemed more interested in trying to cast doubts on or politicize the disaster response from the Federal Government led by the ad-ministration. Nonetheless, I remain committed to working with anyone from either side to help and support the people of Puerto Rico. However, that work must involve compromise and mutual understanding of each other’s concerns, and that has not always been the case, in my view. I have tried to work to provide tax re-lief to people in Puerto Rico. Yet I con-tinue to hear from some, including former Obama administration officials, that I must include access for Puerto Rico to the earned-income tax credit. I have been clear about my concerns that administration of such a provision carries with it many possible problems, as highlighted by a report by the non-partisan Joint Committee on Taxation. Moreover, Puerto Rico already had its own earned-income tax credit, which it subsequently did away with. It seems to want to resurrect the idea now, and they have every right and ability to in-stitute such a credit on the island. However, I cannot support the ‘‘ad-vice’’ from some that I must support a provision involving cutting a big check from the Federal general fund to the government of Puerto Rico for them to administer such a credit. I also cannot support the views of some in Puerto Rico, including govern-ment officials, that they were somehow left out of our tax reform efforts be-cause they did not receive a special carve-out unavailable to anyone else. Subsidiaries of firms headquartered in the United States that are organized as controlled foreign corporations in Puerto Rico for Federal tax purposes were treated the same as similarly sit-uated taxpayers anywhere else. In addi-tion, if being somehow left out of tax reform means provisions to provide some sort of tax haven status, as some in Puerto Rico asked for, then I think proponents of such a view do not un-derstand recent history. In my more than 40 years in the Senate, I have al-ways been a proud advocate of account-ability and oversight. That is why I support greater transparency in the Puerto Rican government, as well as the oversight board. I also support ongoing Federal ef-forts, including those of the Treasury Department, to carefully and closely monitor Federal funds provided to Puerto Rico for disaster and other re-lief. As always, we owe a duty to tax-payers to prudently safeguard their hard-earned dollars from being chan-neled to inefficient or wasteful uses. These and other reasons are why, in conjunction with Senator R
UBIO and anyone else here who wishes to join us, I am advocating for the provisions con-tained in the Puerto Rico Economic Empowerment Act of 2018 that I intro-duced. Let me end by reiterating that I want to work on a bipartisan basis and in the spirit of compromise with any-one in this Chamber to help our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico. Truly, theirs is an uphill battle as they con-tinue to face many different adversi-ties. That has been the case for years, and I hope we can set our troublesome partisan politicking aside and get to work. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
SANTA FE HIGH SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on Friday morning there was yet another shooting in a school in America. An-other community was torn apart by senseless violence. It was another week when parents must bury their children. We are still learning the tragic details of what happened in Santa Fe, but the basic reality in America remains un-changed: Far too many people are dying from gun violence. What we need now more than ever is real, substantive debate on gun vio-lence in America—a real debate about universal background checks, a real de-bate about protective orders, and a real 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MY6.003 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2784 May 21, 2018 
debate on regulating assault weapons, which are often the weapon of choice in the most deadly mass shootings. In the wake of Parkland, it looked like President Trump would finally get religion on this issue. He promised a serious debate on gun violence, but as soon as the NRA and their special in-terest cronies closed ranks around him, he backed off. That seems to be the pattern of this administration. The President says something one day, and then some powerful interest says: Don’t do it, and he backs right off. That is not the kind of strength he wishes to show, and he sure hasn’t shown it on this issue. After this most recent tragedy in Santa Fe, we have heard no new calls for commonsense gun safety from the White House, but this Chamber can still act. I implore my friends across the aisle to take up this debate. We owe it to the people of Santa Fe, TX, to the people of Parkland, FL, and to every other community that lives at the mercy of the gaping loopholes in our gun laws. 
TRADE WITH CHINA  
Mr. President, on the matter of ongo-ing trade negotiations with China, as I have said many times, when it comes to being tough on China’s trading prac-tices, I am closer to President Trump than to either President Obama or President Bush. I think the President recognized that fact in a tweet this morning. When President Trump threatened tariffs and investment restrictions in the face of China’s blatant theft and extortion of our intellectual property, I gave the President a pat on the back. Our companies need to be able to sell our goods and services in China with-out having to turn over intellectual property. I have mentioned this before, but here is one example that pains me, and it is so typical. GE employs thousands in Schenectady. They have intellectual property and know-how to make tur-bines spin very fast and not overheat, but China wouldn’t let them sell them. So what did they do? The Chinese blackmailed them, and GE went along. There is a 51–49 company that now makes those turbines in China. That is great for the heads of GE, great for their board, and great for the stock for a few years. But after that, once China—now in this 51–49 company—has learned how to make these turbines themselves, we are gone. More good- paying jobs could be lost in upstate New York, as they have been through-out America. President Trump’s actions at first helped bring China to the table, but now President Trump and his team have to stick with it, be strong, and ne-gotiate a strong, concrete agreement. The worst thing to do would be to sell out for a one-time, temporary purchase of goods without addressing the real issue: the theft of intellectual property and know-how, which costs us millions of American jobs. Unfortunately, it seems too strong a possibility that President Trump is headed down the road of not being strong. The President said this morn-ing: ‘‘China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agri-cultural products.’’ Secretary Mnuchin, hardly a tower of strength on this issue, has said that the adminis-tration would ‘‘follow this up’’ on this vague commitment and that $150 bil-lion in proposed tariffs would be put ‘‘on hold.’’ It is deeply disappointing that thus far President Trump has won no con-cessions on intellectual property and has locked in no new market access. In reality, there were not even specific commitments of U.S. good purchases, not that such a commitment would undo the damage China continues to do to us in its other activities. If nothing else changes, this deal is a win-win for China. They avoid tough actions on intellectual property and give us some temporary and relatively small relief by buying some goods. Chi-na’s trade negotiators must be laugh-ing themselves all the way back to Bei-jing. They know what they are doing. They are playing us for fools. A tem-porary purchase of some goods, while China continues to steal our family jewels, the things that have made America great, the intellectual prop-erty, the know-how in the highest end industries—it makes no sense. China is pushing the President around, and he seems to accept it. Worse still, the President’s team is still talking about giving relief to Chi-na’s state-backed telecommunications giant, ZTE, a company that violated our sanctions laws and is considered a national security threat. It is totally backward. The way to win real conces-sions from China is to stay tough, not to bluster and then back off at the first sign of friction. So I say to President Trump, who knows I genuinely want him to succeed with China: Stay strong. Don’t back off sanctions on ZTE. You have to pursue the course, or China will continue to enjoy the upper hand. Congress also has a say on this issue. I was gratified to see that last week, Democrats and Republicans, in a House Appropriations subcommittee, ap-proved a measure that would block the President from weakening sanctions on ZTE. Senate Democrats will also con-sider additional measures, if necessary, to block relief for ZTE, and we hope our Republican colleagues will join us in that effort. The United States cannot let China continue to steal America’s lifeblood, our intellectual property, and flout international trade laws. If President Trump doesn’t get tough with them now, China will know he is willing to back down at the first sign of resist-ance. It will be a sad day for America— for America’s workers, for our future wealth, and for our future prosperity. It will help make China replace us as No. 1. It is crucial. RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Finally, Mr. President, on the probe into Putin’s interference in our elec-tions, in a series of tweets yesterday, President Trump demanded that the Justice Department start a counter-investigation of the Russia investiga-tion itself. That he would issue such an absurd and abusive demand based on no evidence shows just how little regard the President has for the rule of law. President Trump seems to have the terribly misguided view that the De-partment of Justice is there to protect his political interests and prosecute his enemies. It is not. The Department of Justice is required to follow the law, not the political bidding of the Presi-dent’s, particularly when they are in-vestigating him. The President’s demand is a blatant abuse of Executive power, an ill-in-formed, sloppy attempt to discredit a duly-constituted investigation led by the special counsel. As we speak, the President is reportedly meeting with Justice Department officials to press his case, even after they have already called on the inspector general to look into this matter. The President’s be-havior is the kind of grossly autocratic behavior we would expect in a banana republic, not a mature democracy. By now, we should all recognize that President Trump’s latest demand is just another example of a relentless campaign to distract from the serious wrongdoing being uncovered by the Russia probe. This weekend, it was reported that members of President Trump’s inner circle met with emissaries and compa-nies from several other foreign coun-tries during the campaign to discuss manipulation of American voters in order to sway the election. This is ex-actly what our Founding Fathers feared—attempts by foreign capitals to influence American elections. As a re-action, the President does what he al-ways does when faced with alarming news about the conduct of his cam-paign and the people in it: He kicks up dust. He tries to distract. He issues a flurry of tweets pointing people in every direction. That is all this de-mand for a counterinvestigation is— another distraction. With sadness and some reluctance, I must add that a good deal of the blame for the President’s undemocratic be-havior lies with congressional Repub-licans who have engaged in a scorched- earth campaign to discredit the Justice Department broadly and the special in-vestigation specifically. Representa-tive N
UNES has been at the center of much of this campaign, but the circle of blame is widening. P
AULRYANis not doing his duty when he just stands aside and lets N
UNES and his cohorts do what they are doing. Members of the majority here in the Senate have recently demanded that the DOJ hand over copious amounts of information and documents—including potential evidence—about an ongoing criminal investigation. Any prosecutor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MY6.004 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2785 May 21, 2018 
would tell you that is not how criminal investigations operate. It is hard to view these requests as anything but a coordinated campaign with the White House to interfere with or impede Mr. Mueller’s investigation. Frankly, these kinds of actions are enabling and en-couraging the President to test the bounds of the rule of law in this coun-try. When the President sees Repub-licans in Congress go after the special counsel investigation, he feels even more emboldened, and that is a shame for our country, broadly defined in his-tory. There is a disturbing trend emerging. Chairman N
UNES and the Republicans on the Hill concoct a plan to tear down the chain of command of the Mueller investigation. They feed it to the right-wing press, which churns out innuendo- laden and often factually inaccurate story after story. The President tweets, and the fringe conspiracy theo-ries of far-right Republicans in Con-gress land themselves on the front pages of mainstream media outlets, all in the service of the President’s des-picable attempt to distract and deflect from the legitimate probe into Russia’s interference in our elections. Republican, Democrat, Independent— it shouldn’t matter—all Americans should want Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein and Special Counsel Mueller to continue the Russia probe and follow the facts to their conclusion without interference and without in-timidation. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
SANTA FE HIGH SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, to my shock and surprise, 10 people were killed Friday in a little town outside of Houston known as Santa Fe, at Santa Fe High School, about 20 miles north-west of Galveston, TX. As we know now, a male student walked into an art class with a pistol and a shotgun that he got from his parents, perhaps with-out their knowledge. After stashing makeshift explosives elsewhere, he then engaged in a killing spree. The dead included eight students and two teachers. A brave police officer was among the 13 wounded. When I heard of the shooting, I made plans to immediately go to Santa Fe, where I met with Governor Abbott, Lieutenant Governor Patrick, Senator C
RUZ, and others, and we spoke to the Texas Department of Public Safety, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, and the FBI representatives, as well as the Santa Fe Independent School District officials to find out what happened. The families there, of course, remain in shock that some-thing so terrible could happen in their small, tucked away little community— one that was recently shaken by Hurri-cane Harvey last fall and had pre-viously seemed far removed from the violence that has touched other parts of the country. As I said last Friday, we have seen this before. Just last fall, we saw a similar story unfold in Sutherland Springs, outside of San Antonio, when a man opened fire at a Sunday church service. Then we saw it in Florida ear-lier this year at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, in Parkland. Un-fortunately, in recent years there have been plenty of examples—too many ex-amples, actually—with too many lives lost and far too few solutions for fami-lies reeling from the aftermath. There are two things that strike me are clear, though. The first is that we need to better protect our students, se-cure our schools, and keep weapons out of the hands of those who are a danger to themselves and others. The second thing is to acknowledge that we haven’t yet been able to do this effec-tively. Something is wrong, because these school shootings keep happening. It is no coincidence that these shoot-ings mostly happen at public schools— or soft targets—and the shooters are usually male teenagers who attended these schools. These young people, I should add, are surrounded by a culture that condemns violence, on one hand, excoriating public officials for not doing more to prevent it, but cele-brating violence on television, in mov-ies, and in video games, which at least has the potential to desensitize espe-cially vulnerable young people. Many proposals on how to address this pervasive problem focus on the guns themselves, not on the individuals who actually use them. They focus on restricting access to guns or banning specific firearm components for even law-abiding citizens. But any proposed fixes must also consider the root na-ture of the problem; that is, the de-ranged minds, the twisted rationaliza-tions, and the tragic decisions of the people who commit these terrible acts of violence. These shooters are obviously incapa-ble of self-regulating their own behav-ior. How could we possibly address that? That is part of what we need to be thinking about. A gun can kill someone only if a person—a very sick or a very bad person—pulls the trigger. So what have we done here in Con-gress to try to respond, as incom-pletely as I know we have? Well, last year, we introduced a bill called the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act, which was signed by President Obama in 2016. It is part of the answer. It provides more resources for commu-nities and schools and mental health providers to deal with people before they become a danger to themselves or others. But there is more we can do, certainly in that space. The Texas Tech University Health Sciences Cen-ter has expanded the use of technology that can help us better utilize tele-medicine to reach out to those in a mental health crisis and offer them an alternative course of treatment when they don’t otherwise have access. We should consider that and other ideas in the days ahead. The parents that lost their sons and daughters at Santa Fe High School are obviously still grieving today, and we should be grieving as well, not only for the people who lost their lives but also for the state of our Nation—one that continues to watch its young people self-destruct, engaging in violence that takes the lives of brothers, sisters, sons, daughters, friends, and class-mates. We have been told in recent days that grief and prayers are not enough. I agree. It is not enough to send our con-dolences to communities like Santa Fe. We need to look the families of the victims in the eyes and say: Here are the concrete steps we have taken and intend to take to make sure something like this never happens again. I believe we did that earlier this year on a broad, bipartisan basis by passing legislation called the Fix NICS Act. Passing that bill was important be-cause the last time I saw a major shooting in my State, it was at Suther-land Springs, where a man who had been discharged less than honorably from the Air Force for domestic vio-lence convictions fell through the cracks of our background check sys-tem. He was able to lie and buy a fire-arm, even though, under existing law, he was disqualified and prohibited from doing so. But because of the broken background check system, he was able to get away with it. Our Fix NICS Act will help to fix that broken background check system. It was widely supported by Republicans and Democrats. We had 78 cosponsors in the Senate alone, dem-onstrating that solutions can enjoy broad bipartisan support if they actu-ally make sense as opposed to engaging in ideological battles. I am glad Congress worked together also to pass the STOP School Violence Act earlier this year, which I was proud to cosponsor. This legislation will help to provide our schools with the tools and resources they need to prevent violence through better equip-ment, planning, training, safety infra-structure, and law enforcement pres-ence on campus. In this year’s appro-priations bill, we were able to allocate $75 million to start getting this initia-tive off the ground. Now, people wonder: Can we possibly do this? Can we succeed in making our schools a safe place for mothers and fa-thers to send their children and where they are confident that everything hu-manly possible is being done to protect them? Well, I am not suggesting that we turn them into an airport, but my colleagues will recall that post-9/11, we have hardened our airports and our Na-tion’s air travel in such a way as to make it virtually impervious to ter-rorist attacks. I think given the proper 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MY6.005 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2786 May 21, 2018 
attention, the creative thinking, and the proper resources, we can also come together and make our schools imper-vious to this sort of attack in the fu-ture. If we can do it at our Nation’s air-ports against terrorist attacks, we can do it in our communities and in our local high schools. Finally—and thank goodness—we have seen the Justice Department prioritize firearm prosecutions with the number of defendants charged with unlawful possession increasing signifi-cantly over the past few years. This is because of Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions, who has made this a priority, and thank goodness for that. It has long been overdue. U.S. attorneys are now focused on enforcing laws that criminalize gun buyers who lie on their Federal background check. Previously, somebody could come in and lie on the background check, get caught, and nothing would ever happen to them. Now, thanks to the Attorney General and the U.S. attorneys, people are being prosecuted for lying, acting as a further deterrent on people who are fel-ons or otherwise disqualified from le-gally purchasing firearms. And vehi-cles like Project Safe Neighborhoods, which the Senate passed unanimously last week, would fund task forces that target serious firearm offenders and get them off the streets. All of this is a good start, but the shooting in Santa Fe shows we have a long way to go because every one of these shootings seems to be a little bit different. Obviously, in Sutherland Springs, the failure seemed to be a background check system which allowed the shoot-er to buy a firearm, lie on the back-ground check system, and not get caught. In places like Las Vegas, the bump stock allowed the person to es-sentially turn a semiautomatic rifle into an automatic weapon, which was otherwise illegal. We all learned about bump stocks. As an avid shooter and hunter myself, I had never heard about it before. Now the President has taken care of that problem. We have acted in the wake of Park-land, FL, to try to ensure we get re-sources to our schools so they can bet-ter protect their students and deal with other aspects of this challenge, but we need to be more methodical in figuring out the solutions, then seeing what, if any, solutions would have ac-tually prevented a shooting, and then look to see if those same proposals would have prevented other similar events. In the case of Santa Fe, we know the shooter was somewhat socially with-drawn, but he was also a high school athlete and involved in his church. He posted troubling pictures and state-ments on social media, but as Governor Abbott said, he was not your typical troubled youth who people guessed one day might snap. We also know Santa Fe High School had lockdown drills recently and that police officers were stationed on cam-pus. Both of these likely prevented the event from becoming much worse; so good for them for the lockdown drills and having police officers on campus. We should be grateful for that, even in the wake of so much violence that leaves us with so many unanswered questions. One of the two officers who rushed in to stop the shooter was John Barnes, who was, himself, shot by the gunman. He is a former Houston police officer who now works for the Santa Fe Inde-pendent School District. I am told his heart stopped twice while doctors and paramedics were trying to stem his bleeding, but he is a fighter and he held on. He is now in critical but stable con-dition in Galveston. We, of course, ap-preciate him and all other first re-sponders and the other officers who courageously confronted the shooter and saved other lives. We wish Officer Barnes and his entire family the best as he fully recovers from his injury. Another hero who has emerged, from accounts of the shooting, is Chris-topher Stone, a 17-year-old junior who, once the shooting started, blocked the classroom door, protecting his fellow students from the gunman. Tragically, when the gunman shot through the door, Christopher Stone was hit, and he did not survive, but we will remember him and all the other lives which were lost this week as we pledge to do bet-ter, to work harder, to work together, and to find new ways to protect our schools and our children from harm. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I rise to speak today in the wake of an-other tragic school shooting. This time, it was in Texas. Ten innocent people—eight students and two teach-ers—were gunned down Friday when a gunman walked into a high school in East Texas and opened fire. Tragedies such as this are becoming too common in our society. At some point, we have to say enough is enough. How many times have we said that? Just 3 months ago, I stood right here on the Senate floor after 17 people were killed at MSD High School in Park-land, FL. I pleaded with our colleagues to set aside partisan politics and work together to enact commonsense re-forms that will help make what hap-pened at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School a pivotal moment in our Nation’s history—not because it was one of the deadliest school shootings, but because back then, 3 months ago, it was the last one. I hoped it would be the last one. I am so proud of the students who spoke out and the parents who spoke out, such as Fred Guttenberg, whose daughter was gunned down as she was trying to flee at the other end of the hall. That bullet from that AR–15 caught her right in the spinal cord just as she was about to exit the hall. I thank Fred and others who have been speaking out, especially the students— so eloquent, so bold. We all hoped that the shooting in Parkland was going to be the last one, but it was not. Here we go again. With the tragedy that took place in Park-land so fresh in our minds, here we go again. Our students deserve better. You have seen the articles since Friday’s shooting about how students are frightened that their school will be next. Our schools and our communities deserve better. America deserves better than this. Our students certainly de-serve better. Since the Marjory Stoneman Douglas shooting, this Congress has passed two bills into law—only two. While this Senator supported both of those, they alone are not nearly enough. We can and we must do more. You have heard me say over and over that we need to ban assault weapons and the long clips. We need to close the gun show loophole. We need a com-prehensive, universal background check for the sale or the transfer of any firearm, regardless of where it is purchased. By the way, those comprehensive background checks would have picked up red flags on the shooter in Park-land, who had some real mental prob-lems. They would have also picked up the shooter in the Orlando Pulse night-club 2 years ago because he had been on the terrorist watch list and had been taken off. If those kinds of things are picked up in a comprehensive back-ground search, then—when a person goes to buy a gun, those kinds of things will be picked up. We also need to do more to provide our students with access to the mental health professionals they need. Because of the NRA locking down their votes, if we are not going to get anything on as-sault weapons or the gun show loophole or a comprehensive background check, then surely we ought to be able to come together in a bipartisan way to do something about mental health. I have met with parents and teachers and students across the State of Flor-ida, and the one topic that keeps com-ing up is the lack of mental health services available to our children. How true is that in society at large? We are talking about school violence per-petrated by other students. You will not like this statistic. Flor-ida has 1 school psychologist for about every 2,000 students. That is according to a report from the Florida Associa-tion of School Psychologists. If you compare that to the nationally rec-ommended ratio of 1 psychologist for every 500 to 700 students, that means Florida only has about one-fourth of the number of school psychologists it needs to properly care for its stu-dents—one-fourth, 25 percent. And that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MY6.006 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2787 May 21, 2018 
is just Florida. Nationally, 35 million children in this country have had at least 1 traumatic experience, and near-ly two-thirds of children have been ex-posed to violence. That is why we have another piece of legislation that Sen-ators cosponsored to provide better care to children and their families who have experienced trauma. We have finally done something with regard to PTSD and our veterans. Ev-erybody understands that you don’t ac-tually have to get an injury to have PTSD. As a matter of fact, it can mani-fest itself years later. We are getting mental health counseling for our vet-erans, particularly those who have come home from a war zone. Are these children now experiencing a war zone? Is the trauma they are ex-periencing at ages 12 through 17, at that tender age, not comparable to some of the trauma our young soldiers are now experiencing? If we are going to be serious about curbing this type of violence that we are going to continue to see in chil-dren’s schools—oh Lordy, we hoped that Parkland was the last one, but it was not, and there are going to be more. If we are going to be serious about this, we must hire more school counselors, social workers, psycholo-gists, and other mental health profes-sionals to get ahead of the problem and ensure that any student who needs help is able to get it. Later this week, midweek, I will be introducing legislation aimed at doing exactly that—increasing the number of mental health professionals in our chil-dren’s schools across the country. Kids suffering from trauma or depression or any other sort of mental problems shouldn’t be denied the help they need because the school or the school dis-trict can’t afford it. The bill I will file on Wednesday—I hope with a whole bunch of Senators sponsoring—will provide grants to col-leges and universities that set up pro-grams to train future school coun-selors, social workers, psychologists, and other mental health professionals in the school districts that need them the most. It will create a Federal stu-dent loan forgiveness program for men-tal health professionals who take jobs in the districts that need them. That has often been a problem—not only the supply but getting the supply in the school districts that need them. This is not unlike the loan forgiveness we give to government workers or to, for exam-ple, doctors who will serve, practice, in an underserved area, such as a rural area. We do it for those professionals; let’s do it for the mental health work-ers who are desperately needed in un-derserved areas, such as—which is obvi-ously becoming apparent—our schools. When we give our students the tools they need to succeed, such as access to mental health treatment, everyone is going to benefit. Our students know this. They have been asking for our help to make these services more avail-able. Parents, teachers, and school ad-ministrators across the country know this, too, and they are pleading for Congress to act. Let’s give our schools and our com-munities the help they need, the help they have been asking for. Let’s start taking steps today to change the course in which the country finds itself with another school shooting last Fri-day. I hope many Senators cosponsor this legislation. We can’t allow what happened in Parkland, FL, and in Santa Fe, TX, to become the new nor-mal in this country. We have to do more to protect our kids in school and ensure that any student who needs mental health services is able to get those services. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2017. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, Pat Rob-erts, John Cornyn, Mike Crapo, Roy Blunt, Ron Johnson, Mike Rounds, Lindsey Graham, Johnny Isakson, John Boozman, James E. Risch, John Thune, Todd Young, John Hoeven, Cory Gardner, David Perdue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Com-missioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), and the Senator from Mon-tana (Mr. T
ESTER ), are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 49, nays 45, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 102 Ex.] YEAS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Capito Duckworth Hoeven McCain Shaheen Tester 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 49, the nays are 45. The motion is agreed to. The majority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, all postcloture time on the Baiocco nomination be considered expired at 12 noon tomorrow; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. For the informa-tion of all Senators, there will be two rollcall votes at 12 noon tomorrow: a vote on the confirmation of the Baiocco nomination for the CPSC, fol-lowed by a cloture vote on the vet-erans’ healthcare bill. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING BILL MILLER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to pay tribute to a true leg-end in South Louisville, KY: Pleasure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MY6.010 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2788 May 21, 2018 
Ridge Park High School Baseball coach Bill Miller. The winningest coach in the history of the Kentucky High School Athletic Association, KHSAA, Bill unfortunately passed away after a yearslong struggle with cancer at 68. Pleasure Ridge Park High School, or PRP as we all call it, was Bill’s home away from home. He spent 50 years of his life there as a student, an assistant coach, and, ultimately, for nearly four decades, as head baseball coach. Work-ing with the students, Bill influenced countless lives and helped prepare young people for adulthood. The school’s athletic director Nick Waddell said, ‘‘He was like a father to so many people.’’ Bill attended the University of Ala-bama after graduating from PRP, play-ing baseball and one season of football. Leaving Tuscaloosa, Bill returned to his hometown and to his high school as an assistant coach. Then, in 1980, Bill was named PRP’s second head baseball coach. For the next 38 seasons, Bill’s team dominated baseball in Kentucky win-ning a record 1,144 games, including six State championships. Baseball was Bill’s passion, but it was more than just a game. On the diamond, Bill saw it as his responsibility to help make boys into men. He taught them the val-ues of hard work, of competition, and how to leave it all on the field. Two and half years ago, when Bill was diagnosed, he refused to let his dis-ease stop him. He kept coaching and mentoring, even winning his sixth State championship last year. When he couldn’t coach, Bill would be there on the sidelines, supporting his team. Last month, Bill was inducted into the KHSAA Hall of Fame. Although he wasn’t able to attend the ceremony, he recorded a message to his players, his fans, and his friends. Dozens of current and former players, many of whom con-sider Bill to be a role model through-out their lives, attended the ceremony to honor their coach. When he passed away on April 23, Bill was surrounded by his loving family and friends. In addition to all of his players, Bill is survived by his wife and high school sweetheart, Vickie, and their children, Matt and Megan. Fol-lowing in Bill’s footsteps, Megan is in her 15th season as the head softball coach at PRP. Coach Bill Miller’s leg-acy will continue to be felt by this community, and I ask my Senate col-leagues to join me in remembering this remarkable Louisvillian. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I was absent when the Senate voted on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 608. On this vote, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 608.∑ (At the request of Mr. DURBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 102 on the motion to invoke cloture on Ex-ecutive Calendar No. 608, the nomina-tion of Dana Baiocco to be a Commis-sioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of 7 years from October 27, 2017. On vote No. 102, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on Ex-ecutive Calendar No. 608.∑ 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF GINA HASPEL Mr. REED. Mr. President, I would like to discuss my decision to vote against the President’s nomination of Gina Haspel to be the next Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, CIA. First, let me state that I have im-mense respect for the men and women of the CIA. I have had the opportunity to meet many of them and to person-ally offer my thanks in some of the world’s most dangerous locations. Their work is difficult and demanding but critical to helping safeguard our nation. I do not question Ms. Haspel’s patri-otism, intellect, or dedication to the CIA. She has ably served the agency and several Administrations, both Democratic and Republican. Ms. Haspel is clearly a committed professional. I welcome Ms. Haspel’s statement of support for the ‘‘stricter moral stand-ard’’ legislatively imposed by Congress with respect to interrogation policies and her admission that, in hindsight, the use of coercive interrogation tech-niques was a mistake. However, I re-main troubled that Ms. Haspel failed to clearly articulate a view that the use of coercive interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, was immoral. As discussed in a 2008 report by the Senate Armed Services Committee, the CIA’s so-called enhanced interrogation techniques were based on Survival, Evasion, Resistance, and Escape, or SERE, techniques used to train mem-bers of our military to resist torture. There are those who defend the use of such techniques by the CIA because similar techniques were previously used on our own troops during training activities. However, this argument ig-nores the fact that coercive interroga-tion techniques were never intended to be used by U.S. interrogators to gain actionable intelligence. Rather, the SERE techniques, which are based on Communist Chinese interrogation methods used during the Korean War to elicit false confessions, were devel-oped to expose U.S. soldiers to the abu-sive treatment they might be subjected to if captured by our enemies. There is simply no comparison be-tween the use of such SERE techniques in a controlled environment to train U.S. military personnel to resist tor-ture by an immoral enemy and their use by the CIA to interrogate detainees after 9/11. There is also no basis for any assertion that they are an effective means to gather intelligence, given their original purpose. Some have suggested that Ms. Haspel is being held to a higher standard than that of former Director Brennan, who similarly served in leadership positions at the CIA at the same time as the cre-ation and operation of the detention and interrogation program. During his confirmation process, former Director Brennan stated that he was aware of the program during his time at the CIA, but ‘‘did not play a role in its cre-ation, execution, or oversight.’’ He also testified, under oath, that he raised significant concerns and ‘‘personal ob-jections’’ to colleagues at the time and stated that waterboarding is ‘‘rep-rehensible’’ and inconsistent with American values. Unfortunately, the same can’t be said for Ms. Haspel. There is a lot the public doesn’t know about Ms. Haspel due to the CIA’s selective declassification of her record, but we do know that she joined the CIA’s Counterterrorism Cen-ter soon after 9/11 and held various leadership positions in the Directorate of Operations that oversaw the deten-tion and interrogation program. We also know that Ms. Haspel continues to be unwilling to make statements simi-lar to those of former Director Brennan condemning the use of torture. Lastly, we know that Ms. Haspel sup-ported the destruction of evidence, namely 92 videotapes documenting waterboarding and other coercive in-terrogation techniques by CIA officers and contractors, despite known objec-tions from superiors at the CIA and the White House. That alone should cause serious, bipartisan concern. Ms. Haspel’s claim that she was just fol-lowing orders is deeply flawed. It may be true that there was no legal prohibi-tion on the destruction of the interro-gation tapes, but that does not mean it was moral and ethical, particularly in light of known objections from various senior stakeholders. At the hearing, I asked Ms. Haspel if she believed the destruction of the tapes was insubordinate, and she de-clined to describe it as such. Her re-fusal to clearly acknowledge and repu-diate that error, even in retrospect, sets a troubling precedent that could be cited by other CIA officials to jus-tify their own questionable behavior in the future, including those under her supervision. Never has it been so important to have a Director of the CIA that is will-ing and capable of speaking truth to power. Ms. Haspel was nominated to lead the CIA by a President prone to misinformation and who, repeatedly, has advocated for the use of U.S. power and capabilities in ways that are incon-sistent with U.S. values, including kill-ing the families of terrorists. I am glad that Ms. Haspel has com-mitted not to restart a detention and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21MY6.008 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2789 May 21, 2018 
interrogation program under her lead-ership, but I retain serious doubts that she would stand up to President Trump if he directed her to carry out another legal, but morally questionable activ-ity in the future. Taken together, Ms. Haspel’s lack of transparency, unwill-ingness to repudiate torture, and in-ability to learn from past mistakes do not give me confidence that she is the right person to lead the CIA. I, there-fore, voted no on her nomination. 
f 
20-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE THURSTON HIGH SCHOOL SHOOT-ING Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, it is with sadness and reflection that I take a moment today to remember the shoot-ing at Thurston High School in Spring-field, OR, 20 years ago. At the time, we thought of Thurston as a tragic anomaly and not as the forerunner of the horrific epidemic of gun violence in our schools we are liv-ing today. This plague rips away the lives of children and teachers, forever wounding the body and spirit of entire communities which never truly heal. Twenty years have passed since a 15- year-old Thurston student went to his school, after killing his parents in their home, and opened fire on his classmates, but the rollcall of mass shootings and gun violence continues to grow. In my own home State of Or-egon, in the past 20 years, we endured Thurston, Reynolds High School, Clackamas Town Center, and Umpqua Community College, among other acts of gun violence. Every time, we say this will be the last, and every time, it is not. Even one, the shooting at Thurston, is too long a list, in my book; yet, trag-ically this epidemic of gun violence struck yet another community just last week in Santa Fe, Texas. The students, teachers, families, and communities devastated by the mass shootings at Thurston, Newtown, Park-land, Santa Fe, and all of those not listed here deserve and rightfully de-mand so much more than thoughts and prayers. They demand action. Congress must push back against special interests that have blocked every reasonable ef-fort to protect our children and com-munities from gun violence. Congress must finally honor the lives lost and those many lives that have been so ir-revocably altered by passing common sense gun laws. All of our students and teachers and all of their families and communities deserve to go about their regular daily lives free from the fear of gun violence. Sadly, today, that is not our reality. When I see the students and young people who organized the March for Our Lives in our Nation’s Capital, in Oregon, and across the country, I see the spirit of those Thurston youngsters violently stolen from their families and loved ones. Let’s honor them with action to protect our future. REMEMBERING REVEREND W.G. HARDY, JR. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, on Feb-ruary 2, Portland lost a dedicated man of faith, Rev. W.G. Hardy, Jr. As our community mourns the loss of this great spiritual leader, we also pause to celebrate all he did for our community. During the 22 years that Pastor Hardy served as senior pastor of the Highland Christian Center in northeast Portland, he committed himself heart and soul to helping every person who walked through the doors of his church, as well as those who did not. Preaching wasn’t just a duty for Pas-tor Hardy; it was a calling that helped Portland be a better place to live. Many will remember Pastor Hardy in-viting any and all to come to his church. Often you would see him on the weekends supporting the church’s many activities and events. He spent endless hours advocating for those who are homeless, working with nonprofits and local governments to find solutions on mental illness, and developing pro-grams to prevent young people from falling through the cracks. Pastor Hardy was justifiably proud that Highland Christian Center hosted the annual ‘‘Keep Alive the Dream’’ events, which earned official designa-tion from the National Martin Luther King Jr. Federal Holiday Commission. Over the years, I had the fortune of at-tending this unique program, recog-nized as the largest tribute to Dr. King in the State of Oregon. As a third-generation preacher, Pas-tor Hardy understood and valued the power of faith. He was steadfast in his advocacy and had the ear and phone numbers of countless city, county, and State leaders. His passion and energy for this work showed in his powerful and poignant sermons. Every time I would see Pastor Hardy, whether after one of his many inspiring services or during a visit to Washington, DC, he always had a smile on his face and an important issue to discuss. Through his beloved wife, Ali Hardy, his children, grandchildren, and a host of other loving relatives, Pastor Har-dy’s life and legacy will last forever throughout Portland. His good work will continue through the leaders he helped lift up and create. While this is a loss for many, the gains he made will be felt by many for years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL ‘‘MIKE’’ BOURRET ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the outstanding ca-reer of a leader in workforce develop-ment in the State of Maine. Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Bourret, of Bailey Island, ME, is retiring after 36 years of professional experience in workforce development, most recently in his position as execu-tive director of Coastal Counties Work-force, Inc. From his first days in the early 1980s as an employment counselor in western Maine, Mike has held a number of leadership positions in which he has developed greater access to—and opportunities for individuals in—workforce development programs. Mr. Bourret dedicated 12 years to the Maine Department of Labor, holding positions from employment and train-ing director to special assistant to the commissioner. as director of the dis-located worker unit while at the de-partment of labor, Mike recognized the flaws of a reactive government ap-proach to plant closings and worker dislocation, leading Mike to promote a more proactive approach. This resulted in Mike assisting with the design of a new strategy to provide services for these workers. His guidance led to the development of the Maine CareerCenters, which provide employ-ment and training services to individ-uals at no charge. In 1996, during my time as Governor, Mike helped estab-lish the Governor’s training initiative, GTI, to provide employers with the fi-nancial support to expand training for their employees and improve retention of their workers. GTI was recognized for its success, and the following year, I awarded Mike the Governor’s Team-work Award for his dedication to im-plementing projects to improve Maine’s economy and workforce. To date, GTI has helped over 20,000 Maine workers. In 1998, the Workforce Investment Act, WIA, was passed, and Mike brought together State and local par-ties to organize a new regionally based workforce design in Maine, promoting a more customer-focused approach in Federal job training programs. Under WIA, Mike established Coastal Coun-ties Workforce, Inc., in 2000, where he served as executive director for 18 years, administering over $98 million dollars for the organization. The Coast-al Counties Workforce Board region today spans six coastal counties and has received over 1.3 million customer visits to its centers. Over 40,000 Mainers have received essential career and training services, with 82 percent entering employment. These services have improved the well-being of Maine residents, including assisting some of our most vulnerable neighbors in find-ing meaningful employment, while sup-porting local businesses with skilled workers. Due to Mike’s commitment to work-force development and ability to secure funding for a variety of workforce ini-tiatives and training programs throughout the years, there has been continued expansion of employment and training services for the residents of Maine. His ability to coordinate pro-grams and foster partnerships was a critical factor in his success, whether it be at the local, State, or national level. As a champion of workforce de-velopment, I join with his colleagues, friends, and the people of Maine in thanking Mike for his unwavering serv-ice to the workforce of our State. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.008 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2790 May 21, 2018 
REMEMBERING POLDINE CARLO ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, when Alaska Native youth gather with Alaska Native elders, they often talk about the difficulties of ‘‘living in two worlds’’: the modern world driven by careers, technology, busy all the time; and the traditional Alaska Native world: beadwork, subsistence, pre-paring traditional foods, carrying on Native languages, teaching your chil-dren stories handed down across the generations that explain the relation-ship between humans and other living beings, native dance and ceremonies. The elders explained that it is possible for Native youth to live in the modern world while staying true to who you are. It is said that the modern world gives you wings, but the traditional world gives you roots. The answer to the challenge of the modern world is to always be mindful of your roots. In each of the regions of Alaska, there are very special elders who are highly regarded as mentors and guides for the youth. Some are traditional chiefs of their tribes or regions, others Native people who are well known for their wisdom and their integrity. Among the Athabascan peoples of in-terior Alaska, two names stand out: Hannah Solomon and Poldine Carlo. Among Native people when one spoke of Hannah and Poldine, everyone knew who you were talking about, no need to use last names. When they spoke at Native gatherings, others stopped what they were doing and listened. Both spoke with eloquence and passion. Nei-ther held back. Hannah Solomon passed away at the age of 102 on September 21, 2011. Poldine Carlo left us on May 9, 2018, at the age of 97. She was buried in the Athabascan village of Nulato this week. Both of these women were re-garded as matriarchs and culture bear-ers. Both will long be remembered for their loving kindness to their Native people and especially to the youth. Both were in a league of their own, so to speak. I would like to take a few moments to share Poldine’s story with my Sen-ate colleagues and to pay tribute to this remarkable woman. Poldine was born December 5, 1920, in Nulato, a traditional community on the Yukon River. She was raised by Jo-seph and Anna Stickman, her grand-parents. She credited her grandmother with instilling the traditional Athabascan ways of life in Poldine. She met her husband, Bill, in Tanana, at the confluence of the Tanana and Yukon Rivers, the place where the riv-ers meet. Poldine married Bill in 1940, and they raised their eight children along the Yukon River in the tradi-tional ways. Poldine and her husband Bill also operated a mine outside of Rampart in the summers for 20 years. Poldine’s sons and husband operated the mine, while she did the cooking and fishing. It was a true family oper-ation. In 1957, Bill and Poldine relocated in Fairbanks so that their children could attend high school without leaving home. In those days, Native children in the village were sent off to boarding school for high school. Even though they had a full house with eight chil-dren, there was always room for more. They took in many village children so that they too could benefit from edu-cational opportunities in Fairbanks. Their home became a gathering place for the Fairbanks Native community. From those gatherings came the deci-sion to create the Fairbanks Native As-sociation, which has grown and grown over the years. Life was not so easy for Native people in Fairbanks in the early 1960s. Poldine was committed to justice for her Native people. The Fairbanks Native Association administers many important wellness programs, but first and foremost, it ensures that Native people are treated fairly. She was active in the Tanana Chiefs Conference and in the regional Native Corporation, Doyon. Poldine’s son Wally today serves as chairman of the board of directors of Doyon. Poldine shared her wisdom in many ways. She was an elder in residence at the Univer-sity of Alaska Fairbanks. She authored the book, ‘‘Nulato: an Indian life on the Yukon.’’ Her beadwork was breath-taking. People loved her singing. Eagle Island Blues was a song people loved to hear her sing, but Blueberry Hill was her and Bill’s song. She sang about Denali in Athabascan to greet Presi-dent Obama when he traveled to Alas-ka. She composed songs for her hus-band, daughter, and son when they passed away. Poldine humbly accepted many awards during her lifetime of service to Alaska and the Native community. She was awarded an honorary doctor of law degree by the University of Alaska Fairbanks and the Hannah Solomon ‘‘Woman of Courage’’ award from the Alaska Federation of Natives. She was a Girl Scouts Woman of Distinction, a Golden Citizen Chieftain, and a Howard Rock Alaska Native Leader. She was recently inducted into the Alaska Women’s Hall of Fame, joining her friend and contemporary Hannah Sol-omon. Poldine’s son Wally was kind enough to share some of his mother’s final words with me, knowing that they would be part of her tribute. Poldine told Wally that she lived a full life and loved everyone. She offered a few words of advice: ‘‘You need to be happy. All that matters is how you raise your family and to be happy.’’ Yes, Poldine was proudest of family, and she had much to be proud of, those children, grandchildren, great-grand-children, and great-great-grand-children who are making their own contributions to our Native people and our State in her image, like Dr. Nikoosh Carlo, who is one of the Na-tion’s most influential figures on Arc-tic science and policy. Poldine asked that her survivors and friends in the community ‘‘carry on,’’ and I have no doubt that they will. On behalf of my Senate colleagues, I extend my condolences to Poldine’s ex-ceptional family, her huge extended family, and the Native people of inte-rior Alaska who took inspiration from her example. A traditional woman, a community leader, writer, artist, sing-er, we shall all miss Poldine Carlo. She connected us to our roots and encour-aged our wings.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13303 OF MAY 22, 2003, WITH RE-SPECT TO THE STABILIZATION OF IRAQ, RECEIVED DURING AD-JOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON MAY 18, 2018—PM 40 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2018. Obstacles to the orderly reconstruc-tion of Iraq, the restoration and main-tenance of peace and security in the country, and the development of polit-ical, administrative, and economic in-stitutions in Iraq continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. Therefore, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.006 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2791 May 21, 2018 
have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 18, 2018. 
f 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE ISSUANCE OF AN EXECUTIVE ORDER WITH RESPECT TO VEN-EZUELA THAT TAKES ADDI-TIONAL STEPS WITH RESPECT TO THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY DECLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13692 ON MARCH 8, 2015— PM 41 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order with respect to Venezuela that takes additional steps with respect to the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, and relied upon for additional steps taken in Ex-ecutive Order 13808 of August 24, 2017, and Executive Order 13827 of March 19, 2018. The Executive Order I have issued today prohibits transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in (i) the purchase of any debt owed to the Government of Venezuela, including accounts receivable; (ii) any debt owed to the Government of Ven-ezuela that is pledged as collateral after the effective date of the Execu-tive Order, including accounts receiv-able; and (iii) the sale, transfer, assign-ment, or pledging as collateral by the Government of Venezuela of any equity interest in any entity in which the Government of Venezuela has a 50 per-cent or greater ownership interest. I have authorized the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to take such ac-tions, including promulgating rules and regulations, and to employ all pow-ers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of the Executive Order. I am enclosing a copy of the Execu-tive Order I have issued today. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 21, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on May 18, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following en-rolled bills: S. 35. An act to transfer administrative ju-risdiction over certain Bureau of Land Man-agement land from the Secretary of the Inte-rior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Ceme-tery, and for other purposes. S. 1285. An act to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Bank of Umpqua Tribe of In-dians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands. H.R. 3562. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for ad-aptations of residences of veterans in reha-bilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes. H.R. 4009. An act to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facility on the National Zoological Park property in the District of Columbia. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bills were signed on May 18, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2872. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the pro-cedures provided under such Act for the ini-tiation, investigation, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sexual harassment and discrimina-tion, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, May 21, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 35. An act to transfer administrative ju-risdiction over certain Bureau of Land Man-agement land from the Secretary of the Inte-rior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Ceme-tery, and for other purposes. S. 1285. An act to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grande Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Or-egon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5209. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tebuconazole; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9976–62) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5210. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Annual Report on the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Advisory Com-mittee Vacancies and Public Disclosures’’; to the Committees on Appropriations; and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5211. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2018 Re-port to Congress on Sustainable Ranges’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5212. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a semiannual re-port entitled, ‘‘Acceptance of Contributions for Defense Programs, Projects, and Activi-ties; Defense Cooperation Account’’ and a semiannual listing of personal property con-tributed by coalition partners; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5213. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting legislative proposals rel-ative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5214. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Distribution of Department of Defense Depot Maintenance Workloads for Fiscal Years 2017 through 2019’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5215. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Corrosion Policy and Oversight Budget Ma-terials for Fiscal Year 2019’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5216. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5217. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Pennsylvania: Catharine, Town-ship of, Blair County, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5218. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Crit-ical Infrastructure Protection Reliability Standard CIP–003–7 - Cyber Security - Secu-rity Management Controls’’ ((RIN1902–AF44) (Docket No. RM17–11–000)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–5219. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Priorities List’’ (FRL No. 9978–14–OLEM) received in the Office of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.010 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2792 May 21, 2018 
President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5220. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Interstate Trans-port Requirements for the 1997 and 2006 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9977–26–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5221. A communication from the Acting Administrator, Federal Highway Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘2017 Status of the Nation’s Highways, Bridges, and Transit: Conditions and Per-formance’’; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5222. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘New Accounting Standards for Revenue Recognition (FASB 606)’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–29) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5223. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit for Carbon Oxide Sequestration - 2018 Section 45Q Infla-tion Adjustment Factor’’ (Notice 2018–40) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5224. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2019 Sec. 223 Infla-tion-Adjusted Item’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–30) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5225. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Determination of Housing Cost Amounts Eligible for Exclusion or Deduction for 2018’’ (Notice 2018–44) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5226. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 Calendar Year Resident Population Figures’’ (Notice 2018– 45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5227. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 List of Auto-matic Changes’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–31) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 10, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–5228. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Marine Microalgae’’ ((21 CFR Part 573) (Docket No. FDA–2014–F–1509)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5229. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Labeling: Revision of the Nutrition and Supplement Facts Labels and Serving Sizes of Foods That Can Reason-ably Be Consumed At One Eating Occasion; Dual-Column Labeling; Updating, Modifying, and Establishing Certain Reference Amounts Customarily Consumed; Serving Size for Breath Mints; and Technical Amendments; Extension of Compliance Dates’’ ((RIN0910– AH92) (Docket Nos. FDA–2012–N–1210 and FDA–2004–N–0258)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5230. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Advisory Committee; Food Advisory Committee; Termination’’ ((21 CFR Part 14) (Docket No. FDA–2017–N–6379)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5231. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Crabmeat; Amendment of Common or Usual Name Regulation’’ ((RIN0910–AI04) (Docket No. FDA–2018–N– 1438)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5232. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Certain Time of Inspection and Duties of Inspector Regula-tions for Biological Products; Withdrawal’’ ((RIN0910–AH49) (Docket No. FDA–2017–N– 7007)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5233. A communication from the Dep-uty Inspector General for Audit Services, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Met Many Requirements of the Im-proper Payments Information Act of 2002 but Did Not Fully Comply for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5234. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of the Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Department of Homeland Security Cybersecurity Strategy’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5235. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Reconnaissance Of-fice Freedom of Information Act Program’’ (RIN0790–AJ66) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 1, 2018; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–5236. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Nuclear Agency (DNA) Freedom of Information Act Pro-gram’’ (RIN0790–AJ62) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 3, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5237. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Security Agency/ Central Security Service (NSA/CSS) Free-dom of Information Act Program’’ (RIN0790– AJ68) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 2, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5238. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Imagery Mapping Agency (NIMA) Freedom of Information Act Program’’ (RIN0790–AJ64) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 1, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5239. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Investigative Serv-ice (DIS) Freedom of Information Act Pro-gram’’ (RIN0790–AJ67) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 1, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5240. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) Freedom of Information Act’’ (RIN0790–AJ63) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 1, 2018; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–5241. A communication from the Regu-lation Policy Development Coordinator, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Authority of Health Care Providers to Practice Telehealth’’ (RIN2900–AQ06) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–5242. A communication from the Regu-lation Policy Development Coordinator, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Expanded Access to Non-VA Care through the Veterans Choice Program’’ (RIN2900–AP60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–233. A resolution adopted by the Board of Education of Manville Public Schools, Manville, New Jersey, urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to identify and im-plement meaningful action to address access to and ownership of military-style assault weapons and ammunition, the delivery of mental health services, and financial support to ensure a safe and secure school climate; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\MAY\S21MY8.REC S21MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2793 May 21, 2018 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1336. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric pro-duction incentives and hydroelectric effi-ciency improvement incentives, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–250). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 1457. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out demonstration projects relating to advanced nuclear reactor technologies to support domestic energy needs (Rept. No. 115–251). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 1799. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to facilitate the commercializa-tion of energy and related technologies de-veloped at Department of Energy facilities with promising commercial potential (Rept. No. 115–252). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 1109. A bill to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act (Rept. No. 115–253). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY: S. 2886. A bill to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to reinstate the ban on the export of crude oil and natural gas pro-duced in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 2887. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the establishment and operation of reserve component cyber civil support teams, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 2888. A bill to amend Title VII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize programs that support interprofessional geriatric education, training, and advance research to develop a geriatric-capable work-force, improving health outcomes for a grow-ing and diverse aging American population and their families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH, and Mr. J ONES ): S. 2889. A bill to establish the Medgar Evers National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. K
ING, and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 2890. A bill to improve the prosecution of criminal offenses committed by juveniles on military installations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
URR, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. J ONES , Ms. W ARREN , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. Res. 517. A resolution designating May 2018 as ‘‘Older Americans Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HELLER: S. Res. 518. A resolution reaffirming sup-port for increased media diversity, recog-nizing May 2018 as ‘‘National Media Diver-sity Month’’, and encouraging appreciation, awareness, and support for independent, di-verse, and local media entities; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as co-sponsors of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordi-nated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 548 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 548, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the low- income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 774 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 774, a bill to address the psychological, developmental, social, and emotional needs of children, youth, and families who have experienced trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from In-diana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in rec-ognition of his achievements and con-tributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 808 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. SMITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 808, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine profes-sionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 915 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 915, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the Government pension offset and windfall elimination provisions. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum pe-riod, to eliminate disparities in mater-nal health outcomes for pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1238 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1238, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease and make permanent the exclu-sion for benefits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical re-sponders. 
S. 1270 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1270, a bill to direct the Direc-tor of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy to carry out programs and activities to ensure that Federal science agencies and institutions of higher education receiving Federal re-search and development funding are fully engaging their entire talent pool, and for other purposes. 
S. 1347 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1347, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent catastrophic out-of-pocket spending on prescription drugs for sen-iors and individuals with disabilities. 
S. 1352 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1352, a bill to establish a tax credit for on-site apprenticeship pro-grams, and for other purposes. 
S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1580, a bill to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and sec-ondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.019 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2794 May 21, 2018 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock owner-ship plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1996 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1996, a bill to require Fed-eral agencies to address environmental justice, to require consideration of cu-mulative impacts in certain permitting decisions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2208 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2208, a bill to provide for the issuance of an Alzheimer’s Disease Research Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 2364 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2364, a bill to amend the Water Infrastructure Finance and In-novation Act of 2014 to provide to State infrastructure financing authorities additional opportunities to receive loans under that Act to support drink-ing water and clean water State revolv-ing funds to deliver water infrastruc-ture to communities across the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2372 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2372, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. 
S. 2379 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2379, a bill to improve and expand authorities, pro-grams, services, and benefits for mili-tary spouses and military families, and for other purposes. 
S. 2415 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2415, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to streamline enrollment of certain Medicaid pro-viders and suppliers across State lines, and for other purposes. 
S. 2418 
At the request of Ms. H ASSAN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2418, a bill to direct the Fed-eral Communications Commission to promulgate regulations that establish a national standard for determining whether mobile and broadband services available in rural areas are reasonably comparable to those services provided in urban areas. S. 2494 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2494, a bill to provide standards for short-term limited duration health insurance policies. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improve-ments to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce development pilot program. 
S. 2559 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2559, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty, and for other purposes. 
S. 2567 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2567, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to enhance the national strategy for combating and eliminating tuberculosis, and for other purposes. 
S. 2591 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2591, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with re-spect to arbitration. 
S. 2602 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2602, a bill to support carbon diox-ide utilization and direct air capture research, to facilitate the permitting and development of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration projects and carbon dioxide pipelines, and for other purposes. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. S. 2724 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2724, a bill to reform the use of solitary confinement and other forms of restrictive housing in the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2736, a bill to develop a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific re-gion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2787 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2787, a bill to amend the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to clarify and expand food donation under the Bill Emerson Good Samaritan Food Donation Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2800 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2800, a bill to pro-vide for the conservation and develop-ment of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improve-ments to rivers and harbors of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2810 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2810, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to establish an efficient system to enable employees to form, join, or assist labor organizations, and for other purposes. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the news-print and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2842 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2842, a bill to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or products. 
S. RES. 319 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Tennessee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.022 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2795 May 21, 2018 
(Mr. A LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 319, a resolution sup-porting the goals, activities, and ideals of Prematurity Awareness Month. 
S. RES. 383 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 383, a resolution expressing sup-port for the designation of a ‘‘Women’s Health Research Day’’. 
S. RES. 414 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 414, a resolution condemning the continued undemocratic measures by the Government of Venezuela to un-dermine the independence of demo-cratic institutions and calling for a free and fair electoral process. 
S. RES. 502 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 502, a resolution sup-porting robust relations with the State of Israel bilaterally and in multilateral fora upon seventy years of statehood, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 2888. A bill to amend Title VII of the Public Health Service Act to reau-thorize programs that support inter-professional geriatric education, train-ing, and advance research to develop a geriatric-capable workforce, improving health outcomes for a growing and di-verse aging American population and their families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. Mrs. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce legislation, with my colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator C
ASEY , that would reauthorize the only federally funded programs specifically designed to develop a health provider workforce to care for older Americans. The Geriatrics Workforce Improvement Act would reauthorize the Geriatrics Workforce Enhancement Program, known as GWEP, and also reinstate the Geriatric Academic Career Awards pro-gram, known as GACA. The number of Americans aged 65 and older is growing rapidly. In Maine, we are reaching an aging milestone faster than other States—by 2020, the number of seniors is projected to outnumber children. This is 15 years ahead  the na-tional projected date of 2035, at which point the number of Americans 65 and older will outnumber those under age 18 for the first time in U.S. history. The United States is facing a critical shortage of geriatric health profes-sionals and direct service workers to support our aging population. Today, we need 20,000 geriatricians; however, fewer than 7,300 of our Nation’s nearly one million physicians are board-cer-tified geriatricians. By 2030, we will need 3.1,000 geriatricians and even more geriatric health professionals and direct service workers. We need to train 1,600 geriatricians per year over the next 12 years to reach the targeted need by 2030. As many as 90 percent of older adults are expected to have one or more chronic health conditions. Multiple chronic conditions, multiple medica-tions, and changes that occur in aging make caring for older adults complex and challenging, yet also rewarding to healthcare professionals who choose this specialty. In any given year, it is expected that 30 percent of older adults and their families will require special-ized geriatric care. Today there are 44 geriatric work-force enhancement programs or GWEPs in 29 states. GWEP sites include 25 schools of medicine, ten schools of nursing, five healthcare facilities, two schools of allied health, a school of so-cial work, and a certified nurse assist-ant program. GWEPs have the flexi-bility to tailor training in geriatrics to the unique needs of their own commu-nities. GWEP programs focus on Geriatric Education by: 1. Changing clinical training environ-ments so that geriatrics is integrated into primary care delivery systems; 2. Training providers to assess and address the needs of older adults, their families, and caregivers at multiple levels within their communities; 3. Delivering community-based pro-grams for patients, families and care-givers; and 4. Providing Alzheimer’s disease edu-cation for families and caregivers, in-cluding direct care workers and other providers. In 2016, the 44 GWEPs produced sig-nificant outcomes. They provided con-tinuing education courses to 94,000 practicing public health professionals, from disciplines such as medicine, nursing, allied health, heath services administration, social work, and psy-chology. They have also created oppor-tunities for healthcare providers in rural and underserved areas to learn from and consult with top experts in geriatric care through tele-consults, and educational webcasts, as well as online geriatric education programs that are publicly available and acces-sible online, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, for free. GACA programs focus on Resource Optimization. Established in 1998, GACA programs were funded to in-crease the number of faculty engaged in geriatric education. Transitioning from clinical training and practice into an academic faculty role is particu-larly challenging, and requires gaining new skills as an educator. These skills are not typically taught in clinical training programs. Following a restructuring of the geri-atric workforce program, GACA has gone unfunded since 2015. GACA would be reauthorized as a stand-alone re-source within our legislation in order to optimize future growth and stability of early-career geriatric faculty. GACA supports early career development for emerging leaders by providing funding that supports 50 percent of their effort to develop skills as an inter-profes-sional educator in geriatrics. The Geriatrics Workforce Improve-ment Act would reauthorize the GWEP program at $45 million per year over the next five years, and reinstate GACA at $6 million per year. Together, these programs would train the current workforce and family caregivers, while simultaneously developing a cadre of emerging leaders in geriatric edu-cation, in a variety of disciplines. By doing both, we will assure that older Americans will be cared for by a health care workforce specifically trained to meet their unique and complex health needs for decades to come. This train-ing to use the most efficient and effec-tive methods for older adults will re-sult in improved care while saving val-uable resources, and reducing unneces-sary costs. Exposure to geriatrics, particularly through pre-clinical and clinical edu-cation, has been identified as an impor-tant factor for increasing interest in the field. This exposure provides fac-ulty the opportunities needed to dem-onstrate the specialty is a viable, com-plex, yet rewarding specialty. The Ger-iatrics Workforce Improvement Act would provide these critical platforms by creating the infrastructure needed to attract the best and the brightest into the field of geriatrics. This legislation already has broad support. I ask to enter into the record a letter of support from the National Association for Geriatric Education and the National Association of Geri-atric Education Centers. Mr. President. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation that would ensure geriatric education for our current workforce, while opti-mizing resources to bolster academic careers in geriatrics. Together, GWEP and GACA would develop a high-qual-ity geriatric workforce ready to pro-vide care for Americans as we grow older. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR GERI-
ATRIC EDUCATION , NATIONAL ASSO-
CIATION OF GERIATRIC EDUCATION  C
ENTERS , May 21, 2018. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , Chair, Special Committee on Aging, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. B
OBCASEY , Ranking Member, Special Committee on Aging, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN COLLINS AND RANKING  M
EMBER CASEY : On behalf of the HRSA Title VII and Title VIII funded Geriatrics Work-force Enhancement Programs (GWEPs) across the country, thank you for your past support of geriatric education and for intro-ducing the Geriatrics Workforce Improve-ment Act. The National Association for Geri-atric Education (NAGE) is pleased to offer our support for this important legislation, which will reauthorize the GWEP and once again make the Geriatrics Academic Career Award program (GACA) a part of the effort 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.024 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2796 May 21, 2018 
to prepare the geriatrics workforce for the aging of our population. We and the growing numbers of older adults, caregivers, and cli-nicians caring for elders will urge Congress to move quickly to pass your bill and provide the resources to address our nation’s growing demand for geriatric care. We appreciate the many discussions that your staff facilitated with NAGE, as well as with the Eldercare Workforce Alliance, the American Geriatrics Society, and The Geron-tological Society of America during the process of developing this legislation. This authorization and related funding is needed for the development of a health care work-force specifically trained to care for older adults and to support their family care-givers. Currently there are only 44 GWEP sites in 29 states. The modest increase in the authorization in your bill will have an im-portant impact on training in geriatric care. Likewise, the funds you have authorized for the GACA program will assist in ensuring that rural and underserved areas will have geriatrics education programs. NAGE is a non-profit membership organi-zation representing GWEP sites, Centers on Aging, and Geriatric Education Centers that provide education and training to health pro-fessionals in the areas of geriatrics and ger-ontology. Our mission is to help America’s healthcare workforce be better prepared to render age-appropriate care to today’s older Americans and those of tomorrow. Thank you for your continued support for geriatric education programs. Sincerely, M
AURA BRENNAN , MD, FACP, AGSF, FAAHPM, CHMD, President NAGE/ NAGEC; Project Di-rector, Baystate Health, Geriatrics Workforce Enhance-ment Program; Chief, Div. of Geri-atrics, Palliative Care & Post-Acute Medicine; Prof. of Medicine, Univ. of Massachusetts- Baystate; Adjunct Prof. of Medicine, Tufts University School of Medicine. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. K
ING, and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 2890. A bill to improve the prosecu-tion of criminal offenses committed by juveniles on military installations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2890 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RELINQUISHMENT OF LEGISLATIVE JURISDICTION OF CRIMINAL OF-FENSES COMMITTED BY JUVENILES ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any mili-tary installation or portion of a military in-stallation of which legislative jurisdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles is retained by the United States as of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall seek to relinquish to the State, Commonwealth, territory, or posses-sion concerned legislative jurisdiction of such offenses such that the United States and the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession, as the case may be, have concur-rent legislative jurisdiction of such offenses. (b) MANNER OF RELINQUISHMENT .—Legisla- tive jurisdiction shall be relinquished pursu-ant to subsection (a) in the manner provided in section 2683(a) of title 10, United States Code. (c) D
EADLINE .—The Secretaries concerned shall, to the extent practicable, complete re-linquishment of legislative jurisdiction pur-suant to subsection (a) by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to Congress a report on the relinquishment of legislative jurisdiction pursuant to sub-section (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report of a Secretary under this subsection shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A list of the installations or portions of installations under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of which exclusive legislative ju-risdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles is retained by the United States as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) A list of the installations or portions of installations listed pursuant to subpara-graph (A) for which legislative jurisdiction was relinquished pursuant to subsection (a) as of the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (C) A list of the installations or portions of installations listed pursuant to subpara-graph (A) for which legislative jurisdiction was not relinquished pursuant to subsection (a) as of the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and, for each such installation or portion of installa-tion, the reasons why legislative jurisdiction was not so relinquished. (e) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 2. CONSIDERATION OF PROSECUTION BY FEDERAL PROSECUTORS OF FELONY OFFENSES COMMITTED BY JUVE-NILES ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS WITH CONCURRENT FEDERAL-STATE LEGISLATIVE JURISDICTION WHEN STATE PROSECUTORS DECLINE TO PROSECUTE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with such regulations as the Attorney General may prescribe, the Federal Government shall con-sider the prosecution of charges in each cir-cumstance described in subsection (b). (b) C
OVERED CIRCUMSTANCES .—A cir- cumstance described in this subsection is any circumstance involving an alleged fel-ony offense of a juvenile on a military in-stallation for which legislative jurisdiction of such offense of the Federal Government is concurrent with legislative jurisdiction of such offense by a State, Commonwealth, ter-ritory, or possession in which— (1) a recommendation to bring charges is initially made to the prosecutor of the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession con-cerned; and (2) the prosecutor of the State, Common-wealth, territory, or possession declines to bring charges. (c) F
ELONY OFFENSE DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘felony offense’’ means an of-fense punishable by a maximum term of im-prisonment of more than one year. 
SEC. 3. ANNUAL REPORTS ON DISPOSITION OF FELONY OFFENSES COMMITTED BY JUVENILES ON MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than March 31 each year, each Secretary concerned shall submit to Congress a report on the disposition of alleged felony offenses committed by juveniles on military installa-tions under the control of such Secretary, in-cluding installations in foreign countries, during the previous calendar year. (b) ELEMENTS .—Each report under this sec-tion shall include, for the calendar year cov-ered by such report, a list of the alleged fel-ony offenses committed by juveniles on mili-tary installations under the control of the Secretary, aggregated by installation, and with the information for each alleged offense as follows: (1) Nature of the alleged offense. (2) Age and other appropriate data on the alleged offender, including the connection, if any, of the alleged offender to the Armed Forces. (3) Age and other appropriate data on each victim, including the connection, if any, of such victim to the Armed Forces. (4) Results of the investigation, if any, of the alleged offense by any military, Federal, State, or local law enforcement or criminal investigation organization. (5) If as a result of an investigation as de-scribed in paragraph (4), a determination was made not to recommend the bringing of charges against the alleged offender, whether to a Federal prosecutor or the prosecutor of a State, Commonwealth, territory, or posses-sion, the justification for such determina-tion. (6) If as a result of an investigation as de-scribed in paragraph (4), a determination was made to recommend the bringing of charges against the alleged offender to a prosecutor of a State, Commonwealth, territory, or pos-session, and such prosecutor declined to bring charges, the justification for lack of prosecution. (7) If as a result of an investigation as de-scribed in paragraph (4), a determination was made to recommend the bringing of charges against the alleged offender to a Federal prosecutor, whether or not the prosecutor subsequently met with the victim or victims as provided for in section 3771 of title 18, United States Code. (8) If a Federal prosecutor declined to bring charges against the alleged offender despite a recommendation for such charges as de-scribed in paragraph (7), the justification for lack of prosecution. (c) C
OORDINATION WITH ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL .—The Attorney General shall take ap-propriate actions to ensure that information on actions of Federal prosecutors that is re-quired for purposes of paragraphs (7) and (8) of subsection (b) is submitted promptly to the Secretaries concerned for inclusion in the reports required by subsection (a). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘felony offense’’ means an of-fense punishable by a maximum term of im-prisonment of more than one year. (2) The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 517—DESIG-NATING MAY 2018 AS ‘‘OLDER AMERICANS MONTH’’ Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B URR, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. T ILLIS , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. J
ONES , Ms. W ARREN , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.028 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2797 May 21, 2018 
S. R ES. 517 Whereas President John F. Kennedy first designated May as ‘‘Senior Citizens Month’’ in 1963; Whereas, in 1963, only approximately 17,000,000 individuals living in the United States were age 65 or older, approximately 
1⁄3 of those individuals lived in poverty, and few programs existed to meet the needs of older individuals in the United States; Whereas, in 2017, there were more than 51,600,000 individuals age 65 or older in the United States, and those individuals account for 15.8 percent of the total population of the United States; Whereas approximately 10,000 individuals in the United States turn age 65 each day; Whereas, in 2016, more than 9,228,000 vet-erans of the Armed Forces were age 65 or older; Whereas older individuals in the United States rely on Federal programs, such as programs under the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) (including the Medicare program under title XVIII of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) and the Medicaid program under title XIX of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.)), for financial security and high-quality affordable health care; Whereas the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) provides— (1) supportive services to help individuals in the United States who are age 60 or older maintain maximum independence in the homes and communities of those individuals; and (2) funding for programs, including nutri-tion services, transportation, and care man-agement, to assist more than 11,000,000 older individuals in the United States each year; Whereas, compared to older individuals in the United States in past generations, older individuals in the United States in 2018 are working longer, living longer, and enjoying healthier, more active, and more inde-pendent lifestyles; Whereas more than 5,600,000 individuals in the United States age 65 or older continue to work as full-time, year-round employees; Whereas older individuals in the United States play an important role in society by continuing to contribute their experience, knowledge, wisdom, and accomplishments; Whereas older individuals in the United States play vital roles in their communities and remain involved in volunteer work, the arts, cultural activities, and activities relat-ing to mentorship and civic engagement; and Whereas a society that recognizes the suc-cess of older individuals and continues to en-hance the access of older individuals to qual-ity and affordable health care will— (1) encourage the ongoing participation and heightened independence of those indi-viduals; and (2) ensure the continued safety and well- being of those individuals: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates May 2018 as ‘‘Older Ameri-cans Month’’; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to provide opportunities for older in-dividuals to continue to flourish by— (A) emphasizing the importance and lead-ership of older individuals through public recognition of the ongoing achievements of the older individuals; (B) presenting opportunities for older indi-viduals to share their wisdom, experience, and skills with younger generations; and (C) recognizing older individuals as valu-able assets in strengthening communities across the United States. SENATE RESOLUTION 518—RE-AFFIRMING SUPPORT FOR IN-CREASED MEDIA DIVERSITY, RECOGNIZING MAY 2018 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL MEDIA DIVERSITY MONTH’’, AND ENCOURAGING AP-PRECIATION, AWARENESS, AND SUPPORT FOR INDEPENDENT, DI-VERSE, AND LOCAL MEDIA ENTI-TIES Mr. HELLER submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 518 Whereas the principle that an informed and engaged electorate is critical to a vi-brant democracy is deeply rooted in the laws of free speech in the United States and un-derpins the virtues on which the United States has established the Constitution of the United States and the tenets of citizen-ship, which are, as presented in the Preamble to the Constitution, ‘‘We the people of the United States in Order to form a more per-fect Union, establish Justice, insure domes-tic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity’’; Whereas an independent, diverse, and local media that provides exposure to a broad range of viewpoints and the ability to con-tribute to the political debate is central to sustaining that informed engagement by all citizens of the United States; Whereas varying media entities play a sig-nificant role in how constituents are exposed to news and discussions that impact the abil-ity of constituents— (1) to learn about and debate local, State, and national issues central to the stability and security of the United States; and (2) to effectively monitor their representa-tives; Whereas Congress recognizes the central role of mass communication and encourages source, content, and audience diversity on the shared telecommunications and media platforms of the United States; Whereas encouraging diversity is impor-tant to the survival of small independent and diverse media outlets that serve diverse au-diences and local media markets; Whereas, 50 years after the Kerner Com-mission issued its media diversity rec-ommendations, challenges remain with underrepresentation in minority and rural populations in the media and participation in ownership and control of media decision-making, despite those populations com-prising over 40 percent of the population of the United States; and Whereas small independent and diverse media outlets positively contribute to the sense of community in the United States and the goal of increasing local civic engagement and civic knowledge, such as by increasing voting levels, participation in civic groups, and knowledge of local political and civil in-formation: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms the commitment of the Sen-ate to diversity as a core tenet of the ‘‘public interest standard’’ in media policy; (2) pledges to work with media entities and diverse stakeholders to develop common- ground solutions to eliminate barriers to media diversity; and (3) establishes May 2018 as ‘‘National Media Diversity Month’’, during which efforts are encouraged to promote media diversity ap-preciation and support. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2253. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial recep-tacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2254. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2255. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2256. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2257. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2258. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2259. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2260. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2261. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2262. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2263. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2372, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2253. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 8, line 4, insert ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon. On page 8, strike line 7 through line 20. Beginning on page 127, strike line 3 and all that follows through page 174, line 16. 
SA 2254. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 513. IMPROVING ACCOUNTABILITY WITHIN VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRA-TION BY REQUIRING REPORTING OF MAJOR ADVERSE ACTIONS TAKEN TO NATIONAL PRACTITIONER DATA BANK AND STATE LICENSING BOARDS. 
Section 7461 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.030 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2798 May 21, 2018 
‘‘(f) Whenever the Under Secretary for Health (or an official designated by the Under Secretary) brings charges based on conduct or performance against a section 7401(1) employee and as a result of those charges a major adverse action is taken against the employee, the Under Secretary shall, not later than 30 days after the date on which such major adverse action is carried out, transmit to the National Practitioner Data Bank and the applicable State licens-ing board the name of the employee, a de-scription of the major adverse action, and a description of the reason for the major ad-verse action.’’. 
SA 2255. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 307. PILOT PROGRAM ON EXPEDITING THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS PROCESS FOR ONBOARDING NEW MEDICAL PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of expediting the onboarding process for new medical providers of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration. Under the pilot program, the Secretary shall seek to reduce the length of time of such onboarding process to not more than 60 days. (b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall select medical facilities at which to carry out the pilot program. In selecting such facilities, the Secretary shall give priority to medical facilities facing hiring shortages of licensed independent medical providers. (c) O
NBOARDING PROCESS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘onboarding process’’ means the process of bringing on a medical provider applicant after the medical provider is offered a tentative position, including cer-tification of credentialing, background in-vestigation, assessment of health status, and such other actions are necessary for starting employment. 
SA 2256. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 307. STRATEGY TO REDUCE DURATION OF HIRING PROCESS OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR LI-CENSED PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL PROVIDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to Congress a strategy to reduce the du-ration of the hiring process of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for licensed profes-sional medical providers by half. (b) E
XPEDITED CERTIFICATION OF CREDEN -
TIALS .—The strategy required by subsection (a) shall include a description of how the overall certification of credentials process for licensed professional medical providers can be expedited. 
SA 2257. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 127, line 5, strike ‘‘ 201’’ and insert ‘‘
200’’. On page 127, between lines 7 an 8, insert the following: 
SEC. 201. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) a strong and fully resourced Veterans Health Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘VA’’) is necessary to effec-tively serve our veterans community; (2) veterans overwhelmingly report that they are satisfied with the care they receive at facilities operated by the VA; (3) research has shown that the VA pro-duces as good or better outcomes for its pa-tients than private health care systems; and (4) the Senate opposes any effort that would weaken the VA or put the VA on a path toward privatization. 
SA 2258. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 513. APPROPRIATION OF AMOUNTS FOR HEALTH CARE FROM DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Veterans Access, Choice, and Ac-countability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146) established the Veterans Choice Program under section 101 of such Act (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) as a temporary program to address a wait time backlog for the receipt of health care from the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and a shortage of health care professionals at medical facili-ties of the Department; (2) as of the date of the enactment of this Act, there are approximately 45,000 vacancies at the Veterans Health Administration; and (3) of those vacancies, approximately 36,000 are vacancies for positions relating to front line care for veterans. (b) A
PPROPRIATION OF AMOUNTS .—There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appro-priated, to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, out of any funds in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, $5,200,000,000 to carry out subsection (d). (c) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—The amount appropriated under subsection (b) shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture without fiscal year limitation. (d) U
SE OF AMOUNTS .—The amount appro-priated under subsection (b) shall be used by the Secretary as follows: (1) To increase the access of veterans to care as follows: (A) To hire primary care and specialty care physicians for employment in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. (B) To hire other medical staff, including the following: (i) Physicians. (ii) Nurses. (iii) Social workers. (iv) Mental health professionals. (v) Dental professionals. (vi) Other health care professionals as the Secretary considers appropriate. (C) To carry out the following: (i) Section 7412 of title 38, United States Code. (ii) Section 7302(e) of such title. (iii) Section 301(b)(2) of the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 7302 note). (D) To pay for expenses, equipment, and other costs associated with the hiring of pri-mary care physicians, specialty care physi-cians, and other medical staff under subpara-graphs (A), (B), and (C). (2) To improve the physical infrastructure of the Department as follows: (A) To maintain and operate hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other facilities of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration. (B) To enter into contracts or hire tem-porary employees to repair, alter, or improve facilities under the jurisdiction of the De-partment that are not otherwise provided for under this paragraph. (C) To carry out leases for facilities of the Department. (D) To carry out minor construction projects of the Department. (e) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on how the Secretary has obli-gated the amount appropriated under sub-section (b) as of the date of the submittal of the report. (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (f) F
UNDING PLAN.—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a funding plan describing how the Secretary intends to use the amount appropriated under subsection (b). (g) E
MERGENCY DESIGNATION .— (1) S
TATUTORY PAYGO .—This section is des-ignated as an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). (2) S
ENATE DESIGNATION .—In the Senate, this section is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 4112(a) of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
SA 2259. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 115, line 12, insert ‘‘or illness’’ after ‘‘serious injury’’. On page 115, line 20, insert ‘‘or illness’’ after ‘‘serious injury’’. On page 116, line 6, insert ‘‘or illness’’ after ‘‘serious injury’’. On page 120, after line 21, insert the fol-lowing: (c) A
PPROPRIATION OF AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated, and is appropriated, to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, $9,500,000,000 to carry out the pro-gram of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers under section 1720G(a) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by this sec-tion. (2) E
MERGENCY DESIGNATION .— (A) S
TATUTORY PAYGO .—This subsection is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.035 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2799 May 21, 2018 
(B) S ENATE DESIGNATION .—In the Senate, this subsection is designated as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 4112(a) of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 2018. On page 124, line 3, insert ‘‘or illness’’ after ‘‘serious injury’’. 
SA 2260. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 513. DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ON TRAIN-ING AND EMPLOYMENT OF ALTER-NATIVE DENTAL HEALTH CARE PRO-VIDERS FOR DENTAL HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS IN RURAL AND OTHER UNDERSERVED COMMU-NITIES. 
(a) D EMONSTRATION PROGRAM AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out a demonstration program to establish programs to train and employ al-ternative dental health care providers in order to increase access to dental health care services for veterans who are entitled to such services from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and reside in rural and other underserved communities. (b) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall prioritize the establishment of programs under the demonstration program under this section in States that do not have a facility of the Department that offers on-site dental services. (c) T
ELEHEALTH .—For purposes of alter-native dental health care providers and other dental care providers who are licensed to provide clinical care, dental services pro-vided under the demonstration program under this section may be administered by such providers through telehealth-enabled collaboration and supervision when appro-priate and feasible. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as are necessary to carry out the demonstration program under this section. (e) A
LTERNATIVE DENTAL HEALTH CARE P
ROVIDERS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘alternative dental health care pro-viders’’ has the meaning given that term in section 340G–1(a)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256g–1(a)(2)). 
SA 2261. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike title II. 
SA 2262. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: SEC. 164. CLARIFICATION THAT VETERANS ARE NOT LIABLE FOR AMOUNTS IMPROP-ERLY PAID TO FAMILY CAREGIVERS DUE TO AN ERROR MADE BY THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
Section 1720G(a), as amended by section 161 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) If a family caregiver of an eligible veteran is found to be ineligible for the pro-gram required by paragraph (1) due to an error made by the Department, the eligible veteran shall not be liable for any payments made by the Department to the family care-giver.’’. 
SA 2263. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 513. THIRD PARTY REVIEW OF APPOINTEES IN VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRA-TION WHO HAD A LICENSE, REG-ISTRATION, OR CERTIFICATION FOR THE PROVISION OF HOSPITAL CARE OR A MEDICAL SERVICE REVOKED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall enter into a contract or other agreement with an organization that is not part of the Federal Government to con-duct a clinical review of a representative sample of the care provided by covered indi-viduals. (b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this section, a covered individual is an indi-vidual who was appointed to a position in the Veterans Health Administration covered by subsection (b) of section 7402 of title 38, United States Code, in violation of sub-section (f) of such section because the indi-vidual had a license, registration, or certifi-cation applicable to the provision of hospital care or a medical service terminated for cause. (c) R
EPRESENTATIVE SAMPLE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘representative sam-ple’’ means, with respect to a covered indi-vidual, a collection of cases that is generated through the use of sampling methods com-monly used in clinical research that would be representative of the care provided to all of the individuals cared for by the covered individual. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees is au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
The Subcommittee on Airland of the Committee on Armed Services is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, May 21, 2018, at 5 p.m. to hold a hearing. MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 2872 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The lead-er is correct. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2872) to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the pro-cedures provided under such Act for the ini-tiation, investigation, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sexual harassment and discrimina-tion, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 517, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 517) designating May 2018 as ‘‘Older Americans Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 517) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 22, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 22; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Baiocco nomination under the previous order. Finally, I ask that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY6.033 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2800 May 21, 2018 
the Senate recess following the cloture vote with respect to the House message to accompany S. 2372 until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:22 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, May 22, 2018, at 10 a.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
CHERITH NORMAN CHALET, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED NATIONS FOR U.N. MANAGEMENT AND REFORM, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. CHERITH NORMAN CHALET, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AN ALTERNATE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SESSIONS OF THE GENERAL ASSEM-BLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS, DURING HER TENURE OF SERVICE AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED NATIONS FOR U.N. MANAGE-MENT AND REFORM. JOHN RAKOLTA, JR., OF MICHIGAN, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES. DONALD R. TAPIA, OF ARIZONA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO JAMAICA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G21MY6.016 S21MYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE693 May 21, 2018 
HONORING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF FREMONT/LOPEZ ELEMENTARY SCHOOL’S MARIACHI LOS TORITOS 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues to join me in recognizing a group of talented young musicians from my district who recently traveled to Washington, D.C. as part of a select group of students, and performed at the John F. Kennedy Center for Performing Arts. Fremont/Lopez Elementary School in Stock-ton is one of twenty-seven schools in the State of California to partner with the Kennedy Center’s Turnaround Arts program, which aims to boost arts education, increasing opportuni-ties for student success. Thanks to the Turn-around Arts program, in 2014, Fremont/Lopez Elementary School offered visual arts, music, dance, and drama classes to its students, and even started a mariachi band. The Mariachi Los Toritos band was one of four California partners invited to perform at the Turnaround Arts Talent Show at the Ken-nedy Center in Washington, D.C. However, this isn’t the band’s first performance in our Nation’s Capital. In 2016, Mariachi Los Toritos was invited to the White House for a special workshop hosted by former First Lady Michelle Obama before going on to perform at the tal-ent show. Through the Turnaround Arts program, Mari-achi Los Toritos has also had the opportunity to receive mentorship from successful musical artists, including Smokey Robinson and Rus-sell Simmons. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing and congratulating Fremont/Lopez Ele-mentary School Mariachi Los Toritos for high-lighting the importance of arts education and showcasing their impressive musical talents in our Nation’s Capital. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF THE GOLDEN WEST 
HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Native Daughters of the Golden West as they celebrate their 132nd year of ex-istence. In 1886, in the historic mining city of Jack-son, California, 20 women met in Pioneer Hall, lead by Lilly O’Reichling, to form an Order of California-born women, united in their love for the Golden State. Founded under the principles of love of their home, veneration of the pioneers of California, and a deep faith in the existence of God, the Native Daughters of the Golden West is one of the oldest associations of California born leaders. Their mission is centered on pre-serving our State’s rich history and improving the quality of life through education and com-munity service. The organization has since grown to over 4,500 members, with 80 parlors throughout the State. Their work continues to leave a strong legacy of charity and community build-ing, through providing assistance in areas in-cluded, but not limited to, children’s health and education, veteran welfare projects, commu-nity and church events, mission restoration, and the protection of our diverse natural re-sources. Mr. Speaker, please join with me in hon-oring the Native Daughters of the Golden West on this impressive milestone and for their dedication to preserving and improving our way of life in California. f 
RECOGNIZING SEAN O’GORMAN 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the selfless actions of Sean O’Gorman, a firefighter from Oswego, New York whose quick actions saved the lives of three girls in North Carolina. On April 26, 2018, while on vacation with his family in North Carolina, Mr. O’Gorman witnessed three girls in distress after being caught in a rip current. The girls’ father tried to reach them on a surfboard, but the rip cur-rent was too strong, and he was not able to make it. Luckily, Mr. O’Gorman immediately leaped into action. Exhibiting consummate professionalism, Mr. O’Gorman entered the water to save the girls in distress. Mr. O’Gorman had recently at-tended Swift Water Rescue training in Auburn New York, where he had received training to prepare for this type of emergency. Using the aggressive swim, forceful crawl stroke he learned in training, O’Gorman managed to reach the girls in the rip current, where the fa-ther had been unable to reach. He managed to successfully retrieve the girls from the water, saving their lives. By the time the Em-erald Isle Fire Department arrived, Mr. O’Gorman already had everyone out of the water and safe. Mr. O’Gorman, a firefighter with the Oswego Fire Department, heroically saved the lives of three girls from a deadly rip current at Emer-ald Isle. His quick thinking and heroic actions stem from his training as a first responder. Our first responders are often called to dan-gerous and dire situations that threaten life. Just as he does every single day, Mr. O’Gorman did everything in his power to help those in need. It is my honor to recognize him and to offer thanks, praise, and a deep debt of gratitude for his tireless efforts. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, during the votes held on May 17, 2018, I unin-tentionally voted No on the Foxx amendment to H.R. 2. I am fully committed to reforming the sugar program and increasing access to the world market for our food manufacturers and lowering food costs for all Americans. 
f 
HONORING THE 28TH ANNUAL D.C. BLACK PRIDE CELEBRATION 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, this Memorial Day Week, May 22nd to 28th, the District of Columbia celebrates the 28th annual D.C. Black Pride with its theme, ‘‘Communities To-gether Building Communities.’’ The multi-day festival begins May 22nd with the D.C. Black Pride Awards Reception at The Park at 14th Street and concludes May 28th with a Legendary Meatloaf Apocalypse Chap-ter X at the Stadium Club. In between, D.C. Black Pride includes community town halls, educational workshops, a poetry slam hosted by Mary Bowman, an interfaith worship service and various social events, including breakfast, brunch, dinner and happy hours. Various per-formances by musicians, dancers and artists enliven the festival. Monday, the festival’s pe-nultimate day, culminates in the main event, a Cultural Arts and Wellness Exposition, spon-sored by Daryl Wilson Promotions and D.C. Black Pride at Fort Dupont Park. The D.C. Black Pride festival commenced my first year in Congress on Sunday, May 26, 1991, at Banneker Field on Georgia Avenue, across the street from Howard University. I have watched it mature from an ad hoc event to what is now widely considered to be one of the world’s preeminent Black Pride celebra-tions. It now draws more than 42,000 partici-pants from the United States, Africa, Europe and the Americas to our nation’s capital. D.C. Black Pride fostered the beginning of the Center for Black Equity (formerly known as the International Federation of Black Prides, Inc.) and the ‘‘Black Pride Movement,’’ which now consists of 40 Black Prides on four con-tinents. I commend Paloma Afework, Ralph Ferguson, Shannon Garcon, Gladece Knight, and Reginald Shaw-Richardson, the volunteer Advisory Board that assists Earl D. Fowlkes, Jr., C. Hawkins, Genise Chambers-Woods and Kenya Hutton with the coordination, planning, and execution of D.C. Black Pride. I also take pride in noting that this year, Earl continues his service into a third decade of involvement with both D.C. Black Pride and the Black Pride Movement around the globe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.001 E21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE694 May 21, 2018 
As Black Pride comes to town, I take this opportunity to inform the celebrants and to re-mind my colleagues of the limitations Con-gress has placed on the District of Columbia. Despite paying more federal taxes than 22 states and paying the highest per capita fed-eral taxes in the United States, D.C. residents still have no full voting representation in Con-gress. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in welcoming all attending the 28th annual D.C. Black Pride celebration. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 64TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE LANDMARK DECISION IN BROWN V. BOARD OF EDUCATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 64th anniversary of the his-toric Supreme Court decision in Brown v. Board of Education, which overturned the doc-trine of ‘‘separate but equal’’ that had been the law of the land since 1896 when the Supreme Court decided Plessy v. Ferguson. In Brown v. Board of Education, the Su-preme Court declared that separate public schools for black and white Americans were unconstitutional. This unanimous decision sparked the move-ment toward desegregation of American insti-tutions and paved the way for the civil rights movement. On the anniversary of this landmark deci-sion, it is appropriate that we pay tribute to our ancestors who endured and lived through those days of crisis and challenge so that we could enjoy the right to vote, the right to equal protection of the law, and to enjoy the bless-ings of liberties. These efforts should not go unrecognized. This historic case originated in Topeka, Kansas, and involved a black third-grader named Linda Brown, who had to walk one mile through a railroad switchyard to get to her black elementary school, even though a white elementary school was only seven blocks away. Linda’s father, Oliver Brown, tried to enroll her in the white elementary school, but the principal of the school refused. Mr. Brown went to McKinley Burnett, the head of Topeka’s branch of the National Asso-ciation for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and asked for help. The NAACP got other black parents to join in to a complaint and in 1951 the NAACP re-quested an injunction that would forbid the segregation of Topeka’s public schools. The U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas heard Oliver Brown’s case but refused to overrule the precedent of Plessy v. Fer-guson which allowed separate but equal school systems for blacks and whites. The case was taken to the Supreme Court on October 1, 1951 and set up one of the landmark cases in the history of the American justice system. It was the arguments presented by the NAACP on Mr. Brown’s that won the day. On May 17, 1954, Chief Justice Earl Warren read the unanimous decision of the Supreme Court: ‘‘We come then to the question presented: Does segregation of children in public schools solely on the basis of race, even though the physical facilities and other ‘‘tangible’’ factors may be equal, deprive the children of the mi-nority group of equal educational opportuni-ties? We believe that it does. . . . We con-clude that in the field of public education the doctrine of ’separate but equal’ has no place. Separate educational facilities are inherently unequal.’’ With those few words more than a century of racial discrimination and separation were dealt a great blow. It is up to us to preserve the hard won gains of those who led the fight and won the case of Brown v. Board of Education. f 
TRIBUTE TO LAWRENCE ‘‘LARRY’’ PARRY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life and legacy of Lawrence ‘‘Larry’’ Parry who passed away on Saturday, May 5, 2018. Mr. Parry served his nation proudly as a U.S. Army Mechanic. In 1941, Mr. Parry was stationed in Oahu, Hawaii, when Japanese forces launched a surprise aerial attack on the naval base at Pearl Harbor. Mr. Parry played an integral role in the defense of Pearl Harbor, tasked with supplying ammunition to troops around the island. Mr. Parry’s experience at Pearl Harbor changed his life forever. After the war, Mr. Parry became an ambassador of The Greatest Generation Foundation, working day in and day out to ensure that the lives of our nation’s veterans are honored and memorialized. Mr. Parry returned to Pearl Harbor in 2016, with one hundred other survivors, to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the attacks. Mr. Parry was predeceased by his son Frederick. Frederick ‘‘Fred’’ Parry served in the U.S. Army like his father, and passed away in January at the age of 67. A veteran, Fred was awarded a Purple Heart for his serv-ice in Korea. Mr. Parry is survived by his daughter, Susan Acker, his grandchildren, and his great grandson, Liam ‘‘Bug Boy’’ Roland. Mr. Parry has been justly recognized for his career of service. Last December seventh, he traveled to Washington to meet President Trump, and will be introduced into the New York State Senate’s Veterans hall of fame. Lawrence Parry lived a life of fantastic and selfless service, always putting the interests of our great nation first, even in our darkest mo-ments. For his tremendous efforts to defend our nation, honor our brave veterans, and for making our community a better place, it is my distinct privilege today to honor a great Amer-ican, Lawrence Parry. VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in oppo-sition to S. 2372, the VA MISSION Act be-cause the bill falls short in fulfilling our com-mitment to veterans. Though this legislation contains many positive provisions to support our veterans and their caregivers, on balance it is a short-sighted approach that does not adequately provide for the long-term needs of those who have honorably served our country. The bill subjects funding for VA programming to the nondefense discretionary caps, which leaves it vulnerable to being underfunded or being funded at the expense of other critical programs in the future. Our veterans and the VA need certainty; this bill does not provide it. Additionally, I am concerned that this bill represents a concerted effort to shift resources away from VA care and instead rely dispropor-tionately on private providers. I support vet-erans having the flexibility to receive expedited treatment for acute health issues outside the VA if timely care is not available at a VA facil-ity, but veterans often have unique care needs that are best served by dedicated VA pro-viders. Instead of making critical, lasting in-vestments to make sure veterans receive the best possible care, this bill puts future services at risk of significant cuts by relying on funding that may fall captive to political agendas. I am glad this bill expands benefits to all caregivers, and I appreciate the effort to en-sure veterans do not have difficulty accessing care. But I cannot support a bill that brings un-certainty because it fails to provide for the needs of our nation’s veterans in the future. I urge my colleagues to advance legislation that would provide long-term stable funding and support for the Veterans Administration and our veterans. 
f 
HONORING LTC JOEY ERRINGTON 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, on the occasion of Lieutenant Colonel Joey L. Errington’s change of command and pending retirement from the United States Army I want to recognize him and his family on their nearly 30 years of serv-ice to the Nation. Originally from Rush City, Minnesota LTC Errington enlisted in 1989 as a 13B, Cannon Crewman. He was selected for the Green to Gold Program at Clemson Uni-versity and was commissioned a Second Lieu-tenant in the Field Artillery in 1997. He is a graduate of the Field Artillery Basic Course, the Field Artillery Career Course at Fort Sill, OK, and the Command and Gen-eral’s Staff Course at Fort Leavenworth, KS. He holds a Bachelors of Science in Agricul-tural Education from Clemson University and a Masters of Arts in Educational Leadership from Webster University. During his tenure led our soldiers at echelon from the platoon to Battalion. LTC Errington is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.002 E21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE695 May 21, 2018 
relinquishing command of the 3rd Battalion, 16th Field Artillery Regiment, 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division at Fort Hood, Texas this morning. His previous assignments include the III Corps, G3 Chief of Training at Fort Hood, TX. He also served as the Deputy Brigade Commander, Executive Officer, and Fire Support Officer for the 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Riley, KS as well as the Bat-talion S–3 for the 1st Battalion, 7th Field Artil-lery; LTC Errington was the Assistant Pro-fessor of Military Science at Saint John’s Uni-versity, College of Saint Benedict’s, and Saint Cloud State University in Minnesota. He was the Battalion Fire Direction Officer, S1, and Charlie Battery Commander for 4th Battalion, 27th Field Artillery, 1st Armored Division, Baumholder, Germany. LTC Errington also served as a Task Force Fire Support Officer, Platoon Leader, and Company Fire Support Officer for 1st Battalion, 5th Field Artillery at Fort Riley, Kansas. LTC Errington’s decorations include the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, Meritorious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, the Combat Action Badge, the Meritorious Unit Citation, and the Presidential Unit Citation. He is married to the former Alison Adams of Hermantown, MN and they have three chil-dren—Brooke who is going to start college at Kansas State University in the fall, Billy, and Becky. 
f 
HONORING THE NORTHWEST MIS-SOURI REGIONAL COUNCIL OF GOVERNMENTS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize the Northwest Mis-souri Regional Council of Governments for their milestone achievement of fifty years of service for the betterment of the local commu-nities they serve. The Northwest Missouri Regional Council of Governments, formerly called the Northwest Missouri Regional Planning Commission, is one of twenty regional planning commissions in Missouri, which grew out of the State and Regional Planning and Community Develop-ment Act of 1966, permitting the establishment of regional planning commissions to resolve common community problems on a regional basis. Since their founding in 1968, the North-west Missouri Regional Council of Govern-ments has been assisting their member coun-ties and cities with engineering studies, grant applications, and coordinating regional efforts to the benefit of my constituents. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask that you join me in celebrating these achievements and pro-moting the ongoing mission of the Northwest Missouri Regional Council of Governments. VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to S. 2372, the VA Mission Act. When our brave men and women take an oath to serve in the United States Armed Forces, we make them a solemn promise. Upon comple-tion of their service, we assure them and their families of clearly defined benefits that are guaranteed. Legislation that impacts those benefits must be held to a critical and funda-mental test. It must never jeopardize the future of those benefits that our men and women in uniform and their families sacrificed for. While S. 2372 has a number of outstanding provi-sions that I support, I am disappointed and troubled to say that it fails that fundamental test. The changes this legislation makes to the Veterans Choice Program jeopardizes the necessary future funding to support our vet-erans and guarantee their healthcare benefits. For that reason I cannot support S. 2372. S. 2372 combines the VA community care programs by merging the current Veterans Choice Program with other VA community care initiatives. While this consolidation may make it easier for veterans to receive private sector care through the VA, S. 2372 creates a significant future funding problem for the Vet-erans Choice Program and the VA as we know it today. Currently, Veterans Choice is designated as mandatory spending-guaran-teed. S. 2372 shifts funding for Veterans Choice to discretionary spending, meaning that spending on Veterans Choice will com-pete for funds directly within the VA against other programs for healthcare, benefits, home-lessness, infrastructure, and electronic health record technology modernization. It also means that this funding will compete against spending in other appropriations bills including education, law enforcement, the environment, and infrastructure. Additionally, the current budget caps do not support the level of VA spending that would be required to absorb Veterans Choice as a discretionary program. In fact, the Congres-sional Budget Office has projected that S. 2372 will cost the VA nearly $47 billion over the next five years. This means that in the short-term, S. 2372 could subject the VA to automatic sequestration cuts that would jeop-ardize every VA program. This goes beyond simple bad budgeting. By failing to ensure fu-ture funding for veterans’ benefits programs, S. 2372 fails to uphold that most solemn promise we make to our women and men in uniform when they serve this nation. Mr. Speaker, passing this legislation and subjecting the VA and our veterans to the threat of future budget cuts is plain wrong. En-suring the highest quality care for our veterans is the right thing to do and is not a partisan issue. In the coming weeks it is my hope that Democrats and Republicans will come to-gether to ensure that this legislation is fixed and that the guaranteed benefits provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs are robustly funded for the future. IN RECOGNITION OF JOHN P. GAL-LAGHER & PHYLLIS (SKOCIK) GALLAGHER, ALZHEIMER’S AD-VOCATES HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Phyllis Gallagher and her late husband John Gallagher of Frackville, Pennsylvania who have served as courageous advocates for Alzheimer’s patients and their families. John passed away on April 18, 2018 after a 6 year struggle with the disease. John was a native of Ashland in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania. He was a career civil servant who worked as a clerk for the Bipar-tisan Committee of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in Harrisburg. John was diag-nosed with early-onset Alzheimer’s in 2012, leading to his retirement at the age of 49. John chose not to let his service to others end with his diagnosis. With the help of his wife Phyllis, John spent his time involved with the local Alzheimer’s Association chapter. He took part in the Walk to End Alzheimer’s and par-ticipated in several research projects at Johns Hopkins University. He also decided upon his death, his brain would be donated to research being conducted at the Boston University School of Medicine. After John’s condition deteriorated, Phyllis continued their work to raise awareness of Alzheimer’s disease research and the des-perate need for support programs for Alz-heimer’s patients and caregivers. Her mission took her to Capitol Hill last year to testify be-fore the United States Senate Special Com-mittee on Aging and to participate in the Alz-heimer’s Advocacy Forum to speak on behalf of the 5.5 million Americans living with Alz-heimer’s disease. On the day she testified before the Senate, Phyllis observed: ‘‘this disease has ravaged our family, but that doesn’t mean that we have to give up hope. Something positive has to come out of this.’’ It is an honor to recognize John and Phyllis Gallagher for the tireless work they have done to raise awareness of Alzheimer’s disease. I am grateful to John and Phyllis for contributing to the advancement of treatment and cure while facing their own tremendous struggle with the disease. It is my hope that Phyllis continues her work as an advocate for the in-dividuals and families affected by Alzheimer’s. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DIANA DIAZ TAPIA 
HON. BONNIE WATSON COLEMAN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Diana Diaz Tapia for graduating cum laude from Rutgers University Newark with a Bachelor of Arts in Public and Nonprofit Administration. Diana, a resident of Franklin Township and a DREAMer, came to the United States in 2002 from Mexico. Throughout her academic career, Diana has worked hard to achieve her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21MY8.006 E21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE696 May 21, 2018 
goals. Knowing the sacrifice her parents made to bring her to the U.S., she has been moti-vated to pursue her dreams. Diana was admitted into the Advancement Via Individual Determination (AVID) program at New Brunswick High School her freshman year and her academics took off. She grad-uated in the top of her class and received nu-merous scholarships that allowed her to attend Middlesex Community College. Among those scholarships were the Karl Burnstein Memorial Scholarship and the Elinor Pavon Oziel Me-morial Scholarship. While at Middlesex she once again excelled and received the RU–N to the Top, The Dream, US Scholarship as well as other schol-arships to help make her dream of a college degree come true. In true Diana fashion, she has already begun classes towards her next goal; a master’s degree in Public Administra-tion. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Diana on her recent graduation and wish her the best of luck on her future en-deavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I had a scheduling conflict, and was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 181; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 182;‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 183; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 184; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 185; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 186; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 187; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 188; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 189; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 190; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 191; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 192; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 193; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 194; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 195; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 196; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 197; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 198; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 199; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 200; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 201; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 202; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 203; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 204; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 205; and ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 206. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed a vote on 4/10/ 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 130; YEA on Roll Call No. 131; and YEA on Roll Call No. 132. 
f 
HONORING UNITED VETERANS COUNCIL OF SANTA CLARA COUNTY’S 100TH ANNUAL MEMO-RIAL DAY SERVICE 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague, Congresswoman A
NNA ESHOO , to honor the 100th Annual Memorial Day Service in our community and to take a moment to remember those in our military who selflessly sacrificed their lives for our nation. This year, the United Veterans Council of Santa Clara County will help conduct the 100th Memorial Day Service in our community to recognize and celebrate, with gratitude and appreciation, the fallen heroes of our U.S. Armed Forces. We acknowledge that through their heroism, our service members protected our freedom and fostered the safety and prosperity that we enjoy as a nation. We remember also the fam-ilies of all those who perished in service to our country, and express our gratitude to them. Mr. Speaker, we hereby recognize and com-mend those members of our U.S. Armed Forces, who have lost their lives in service of our country, as well as their family and com-munities, who supported their service for our country. During our 100th Memorial Day Serv-ice, our community comes together to remem-ber those who dedicated their lives to pre-serve and protect our way of life and our fu-ture. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. JEFF SZABO 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Jeff Szabo for winning the 2017 Arthur Flemming Award. The Arthur Flemming Award is a great honor and Dr. Szabo has demonstrated the in-novation and vision to be worthy of such an award. He has been instrumental in advancing the Nation’s understanding of the fate, persistence and transport of contaminants in drinking water distribution systems, and in wastewater treatment utilities. Under Dr. Szabo’s direction the Water Security Test Bed (WSTB) was de-signed and built at the Idaho National Labora-tory (INL), a first-of-its-kind, multimillion dollar field scale water distribution system. It is a platform for performing drinking water security experiments in a setting that resembles real water pipes in the ground without public health risk. Research conducted at the WSTB has proven to be invaluable by greatly enhancing the Nation’s knowledge of how to decontami-nate these critical infrastructures, and the water sector’s ability to respond to a chemical, biological and radiological incident. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Szabo has made an impor-tant impact at the Idaho National Laboratory, and we celebrate his accomplishments. 
f 
COMMENDING MR. ROGER D EHART OF BROWARD COUNTY FOR RAIS-ING AWARENESS ABOUT HUMAN TRAFFICKING BY WALKING OVER 1000 MILES 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is my great privilege to rise today to commend Mr. Roger DeHart, a devoted public servant who walked more than 1,000 miles from Fort Lauderdale, Florida to Washington, D.C., in order to raise awareness about human trafficking. Roger is a Deputy Officer in the Broward County Courthouse. He began training for this walk six months ago, and after pooling his va-cation time, he set-off from the steps of the Broward County Courthouse to the steps of the U.S. Capitol. Human trafficking is a form of modern-day slavery and the United States is one of the top destinations in the world for trafficked victims. Centers of tourism, including Florida, are major destinations for human trafficking vic-tims—many of whom come from our own communities and schools. Florida now has the third highest rate of trafficking in the country, and Broward and Palm Beach Counties rank first and fourth respectively for in-state incidences of trafficking. We are seeing a disturbing trend of victims being targeted at schools, where traffickers use force, fraud, or coercion to control victims and subject them to compelled labor or com-mercial sex acts. One year ago, I led mem-bers of the South Florida Congressional Dele-gation in urging the Palm Beach County and Broward County Public Schools systems to in-corporate human trafficking education into their curriculums in order to push back against this horrific crime. Mr. Speaker, I am awe inspired by Roger’s activism and dedication to raising awareness about an issue that is taking place in our com-munity and in every state across our nation. Roger deserves a debt of gratitude for all that he is doing to bring about real change, and working to end human trafficking once and for all. It only takes one person to make a dif-ference. I thank Roger for being an unsung hero to so many, for his service to our com-munity and to our nation. f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF SUSAN HAIGH, PRESIDENT & CEO OF TWIN CITIES HABITAT FOR HU-MANITY 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Susan Haigh, on the occasion of her retirement from Twin Cities Habitat for Human-ity. For 13 years, Sue has made an outsized impact on not only Twin Cities Habitat, but also on the greater Saint Paul-Minneapolis re-gion. By forging creative and dynamic partner-ships and through excellent fiscal leadership, more than 1,200 hundred families in 58 cities bought homes with Habitat under her steward-ship. Twin Cities Habitat is firmly positioned for continuing and lasting success. Under Sue’s leadership, Twin Cities Habitat is a growing force for good in our region. Not only is Sue’s incredible impact felt in our com-munity, she is also a leading force within Habi-tat across the country. Beginning at Twin Cit-ies Habitat, A Brush with Kindness is now a national initiative to help moderate and low-in-come families with home repairs and updates. Sue led the way through robust growth and in-novation, leaving the organization a foundation of strength. As Sue departs, she leaves Twin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.006 E21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE697 May 21, 2018 
Cities Habitat well prepared to achieve the ambitious Impact 2020 strategic plan, which aims to double its impact on our community by partnering with 500 families by 2020. Sue Haigh’s career exemplifies the very best in public service. Prior to her leadership of Twin Cities Habitat, Sue worked tirelessly to improve lives within Ramsey County as an elected commissioner. Her passion for putting people to work and building a better future re-sulted in major infrastructure planning and de-velopment projects. Sue was later appointed by Governor Mark Dayton to serve as the chair of the Metropolitan Council, where she led a 30-year planning vision called Thrive MSP 2040, invested millions of dollars in grants to cities, and helped to open the Green Line LRT, a light rail transit system which has vastly exceeded rider projections and sparked billions in additional private investment. A passion and dedication to serving others defines Sue Haigh’s career. Whether working in government or in non-profit organizations, Sue always brings her creativity and tenacity to the job, creating unique and long-lasting partnerships that benefit the entire Twin Cities Metropolitan region. Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating the exceptional career of Susan Haigh, a com-munity leader who has done so much, for so many. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on roll call No. 183. Had I been present to vote on roll call No. 183, I would have voted ‘YEA’. 
f 
SHARING STUDENTS’ MARCH FOR OUR LIVES REMARKS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 9, I came to the Floor and spoke about the March For Our Lives on March 24 and the nine extraor-dinarily poised students in Morristown, New Jersey, who spoke at the rally there, which I attended. I include in the R
ECORD remarks by Luna Aguilar. I hope my colleagues will read them and internalize the sense of fear in which our nation’s students are living every day—and our responsibility as Members of Congress to do something to address this cri-sis of gun violence. 
MARCH FOROURLIVES REMARKS BY LUNA A
GUILAR  Every month, every week, every day we hear about a hate-filled person, usually a white-supremacist man, getting a gun to kill others without mercy. We are here today be-cause the shooting at Stoneman Douglas high school in Florida hurts all of us, and we will not take this anymore! The students who were murdered in Flor-ida, and many more who are killed by gun vi-olence throughout our country, had dreams to fulfill in the rest of their lives. They were robbed of their dreams because our country allows nineteen-year-olds to legally own weapons of destruction, and we let one man kill seventeen innocent lives. Teachers and faculty at schools across the country have given up their lives to protect their students from mass murderers, and now that is their legacy. But they should not have to be mourned as martyrs. They should be remem-bered as teachers, heroes who educated the future generation. We, as a nation, have decided that we value gun ownership without adequate background checks, without limits, more than the lives of our youth. But we, the youth, the future of our country, are deciding, right here, right now, that our lives are worth more than the right to own an assault weapon. This same outrage should have pushed a change of policy on guns after Columbine, Sandy Hook, Orlando, and Las Vegas. This outrage should have supported the victims of excessive police force in Ferguson. Stephon Clark was shot twenty times in his grand-mother’s yard while unarmed just two days ago. Are we speaking up for him too? This outrage should be heard in response to the deaths of immigrants at the hands of border patrol agents. African Americans, Latinos, immigrants, members of the LGBTQIA com-munity are all subject to gun violence in our neighborhoods, and we must speak up for them too. This will not be an exclusive fight. We are targeted because of the color of our skin, because of our religion, because of who we are. Undocumented immigrants already fear having their families torn apart by ICE, and they also fear of dying at the hands of an extremist. Marginalized women also fear for their lives. We will not live in fear any longer! We must not succumb to fear and make our schools into prison-like settings. We can-not arm our teachers. We cannot fill our schools with officers that feed the school to prison pipeline! More guns and more oppres-sion is not the answer. I am trained in Alter-natives to Violence. This is an international program that started right here in New York state prisons to address violence in a com-passionate way. In our youth program with Wind of the Spirit Immigrant Resource Cen-ter, we learn nonviolent communication and restorative justice. If we taught this in our schools, and in our communities, we would increase the level of safety for everyone. If we had more social workers in our schools, we would be healthier, safer. We should in-vest our resources into the well-being of stu-dents so no one ever feels the need to hurt others. We need social workers, not police. Why are we as a nation so violent, so hate-ful? Restorative justice is proven to work, and we are more than capable of imple-menting this into our school systems. Other countries have one occurrence of gun violence, and they act on it immediately. Thoughts and prayers are welcome in these devastating times, but they must be followed by action, legislation, and prevention meas-ures. Why has our government refused to act? AR–15s should not be in the hands of any civilian in this country. Congress needs to ban these machines that serve no other purpose than to kill as many individuals as possible within a matter of seconds. Our na-tion must raise the age of owning a gun to twenty-one. Thorough background checks that bar individuals with a violent history, particularly those with domestic violence histories, must be part of the process of own-ing a gun. We must enforce red-flag laws, laws that allow for the removal of weapons from people who have been flagged for past violence. I’ve been to marches to support undocu-mented immigrants. I participated in the vigil for Heather Heyer, who was murdered during the Charlottesville protests. I’ve been to the Women’s March to fight against sexism and to stand up with my fellow sis-ters of all backgrounds. I stand here today denouncing gun violence because marching and demanding change works! We are a youth-led movement and we will not stop until we succeed in keeping guns out of the hands of murderers. I am only sixteen, and I am already tired of standing up for what is right while legisla-tors sit and do nothing! When will it be enough? Why must I continue to scream at Congress and at our society to prove that I matter? Why are legislators responding to the gun lobby instead of us? What will it take for us to see each other as human beings that are worth more than property or profits? This march is just the beginning of long-overdue conversations, and of work too long left undone. We must continue to fight, and to fight for everyone. We must speak out. Say it with me so that our legislators in our towns, in Trenton, and in Washington, DC, hear our call: I’m going to say: shatter the silence. And you respond with: stop the violence. Shatter the silence. Stop the violence. Shatter the silence. f PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed a vote on 4/16/ 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 140 and YEA on Roll Call No. 141. 
f 
SPECIAL ENVOY TO MONITOR AND COMBAT ANTI-SEMITISM 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, last week we marked up H.R. 1911, the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism. All of the Co-Chairs of the Bipartisan Task Force for Combating Anti-Semitism are co-sponsors of the bipartisan H.R. 1911—includ-ing four members of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , E LIOT ENGEL , B
RAD SCHNEIDER , and T EDDEUTCH —which I authored to advance the fight against the an-cient, persistent evil of anti-Semitism, when-ever and wherever it occurs in the world. So far 80 members have cosponsored the bill, including 25 members of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. Many leading Jewish organi-zations also support the legislation. My friend, the great former Soviet refusnik and religious prisoner, Natan Sharansky, testi-fied at two of the nine hearings I have chaired on anti-Semitism. He proposed what he called a simple test to help us distinguish legitimate criticism of Israel from anti-Semitism. Sharansky called it the ‘‘three Ds: Demoniza-tion, double standard, and de-legitimization.’’ Rabbi Andy Baker, Director for International Jewish Affairs for American Jewish Committee and Personal Representative of the OSCE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD18\MAY\E21MY8.REC E21MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE698 May 21, 2018 
Chairperson-in-Office on Combatting-Anti-Semitism, reports, ‘‘We continue to see phys-ical and even lethal attacks on Jews in Eu-rope, efforts to restrict or ban elemental reli-gious practices, and emboldened extremist po-litical parties with an anti-Semitic agenda. Even as European governments have come to recognize the dangers facing their Jewish communities, many still have failed to devote the necessary resources to protect them or to be clear-eyed in recognizing the sources of the problem.’’ This past March an 85-year Hol-ocaust survivor, Mireille Knoll, was brutally murdered in Paris, an abhorrent example of anti-Semitic hatred. According to B’nai Brith International, ‘‘Un-fortunately, we continue to see the dramatic growth of anti-Semitism, particularly in Europe and the Islamic world. This scourge has reached its highest level since World War II. B’nai Brith International is dedicated to shining the spotlight on hatred of Jews as a distinct and unique social illness, and to marshaling efforts to combat, and wherever possible, eradicate this phenomenon.’’ According to B’nai Brith Canada, ‘‘Last year was a record- breaking year for anti-Semitism in Canada, ac-cording to a new audit by B’nai Brith’s league for human rights. As Global’s Anne Leclair re-ports, Quebec ranks second in the country for reported anti-Semitic activity.’’ The Kator Center on Anti-Semitism World-wide sounded the alarm; stating ‘‘Europe’s largest Jewish communities are experiencing a normalization and mainstreaming of anti-Semi-tism not seen since the Second World War.’’ There is an urgent need for a comprehen-sive United States government approach to combating anti-Semitism—led by a strong, senior official. In 2004, Congress passed and signed into law the Global Anti-Semitism Re-view Act of 2004. I was the prime sponsor of the provisions that created the Office to Mon-itor and Combat Anti-Semitism in the State Department and position of Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism to lead it. H.R. 1911 would elevate the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism to the rank of Ambassador, to be nominated by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate, and reporting directly to the Secretary of State. It would mandate the Special Envoy to serve as the primary advisor to the United States government on monitoring and com-bating anti-Semitism in foreign countries and coordinate efforts across the government. The bill would prohibit the Special Envoy from being double-hatted with duties and re-sponsibilities unrelated to monitoring and com-bating anti-Semitism. It would also require the President to nominate a Special Envoy within 90 days of the enactment of this act and thereafter within 120 whenever the position is empty. Since Congress created the position, there have been long delays in every Administration filling it. PRESIDENT BUSH: 583 days PRESIDENT OBAMA: 307 days and 227 days When they were appointed, Gregg Rickman, Hannah Rosenthal, and Ira Forman did a tre-mendous job. Currently there has been no Special Envoy for 482 days. I and colleagues on both sides of the aisle, including you Chair-man of the Foreign Affairs Committee, E
D R
OYCE , called on the President and Secretary Tillerson to appoint someone as a matter oftop priority. I repeat that call and urge Secretary Pompeo to appoint a Special Envoy now. Jewish communities here and abroad con-tinue to be targeted for hatred and deadly vio-lence. America has a proud bipartisan history of leading the fight against anti-Semitism, in-cluding this House unanimously—passing H. Res. 354 in 2015, which I authored as a de-tailed blueprint for actions that are critical to prevent more deadly attacks on Europe’s Jew-ish communities. We must build and expand on this history. The Special Envoy is critical to focusing and redoubling our leadership and this bill en-hances the position. I ask my fellow committee members to support this vital legislation. I also ask my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2017. This bill will strengthen our efforts to anticipate, pre-vent, and mitigate genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes. My friend ANN W
AGNER is the sponsor of this legislation and I am proud to cosponsor it. 
f 
WITH HEARTS SO DEEP, IN HONOR OF THE FALLEN THIS MEMORIAL DAY 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of The Fallen and their families this Me-morial Day. Our hearts and prayers go out to them and their families, Brothers and Sisters in Arm. I ask that this poem penned in their honor by Albert Carey Caswell be included in the R
ECORD . 
WITHHEARTS SODEEP, INHONOR OF THE FALLEN  T
HISMEMORIAL DAY (By Albert Carey Caswell) With hearts so deep, their vowels would keep Who went off to war For all the more And came back home no more. Who died and bled on battlefields of honor said, of blood, death, and gore For all their Brothers and Sisters in Arms the more The ones who live no more Who with hearts so deep so fought for All our freedom and peace, and the ones to their left and right in their beliefs Who in dark cold graves now their precious bodies sleep While, across this Nation their loved one’s weep. As such pain they keep In hearts so deep And all those children who grew up without the best friends to hearts so speak As we now so weep On the land, air, md sea to seek Army, Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard, and The Marines we speak To rein down upon the enemy such destruc-tion reek, For that old Red, White, and Blue which speaks Who throughout the generations stood with the greatest of all hearts so deep As our Nation’s greatest of treasures, the ones who Gave That Last Full Measure did each With hearts so deep Sadly, for any Nation to survive Some of her most precious must lay down their lives The price of freedom so high As the Angels up in Heaven begin to cry As up to Heaven, New Angels begin to rise With hearts so deep. So, all in yours this Memorial Day we ask you to seek, their memories, give prayers and thanks to each And remember how our freedom throughout the generations we keep All because of such magnificent With Hearts So Deep. f CONGRATULATING ALAN L. GUNN FOR HIS SERVICE 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Alan Gunn on his upcoming re-tirement from the Department of Energy after thirty-six years of distinguished service to this nation in various roles in the United States Navy (USN) and United States Department of Energy (DOE). Mr. Gunn received a Bachelor of Science Degree from Mississippi State Uni-versity in 1980 and completed graduate work in Business Administration at Louisiana State University, Virginia Polytechnic Institute, State University of New York at Albany, and Idaho State University. He also completed the Col-lege of Naval Warfare program in residence at the United States Naval War College, New-port, Rhode Island and received a Master of Arts Degrees in National Security and Stra-tegic Studies in 1996. Mr. Gunn completed the Navy Officer Can-didate School as a Distinguished Military Graduate and was commissioned as a regular navy officer in February, 1982. He was se-lected for duty in the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program and served as both a member of the staff of the Director, Naval Nuclear Propulsion program in Washington, D.C. and as a field representative for the Director in Schenectady, New York and Idaho Falls, Idaho. Since the completion of his active duty serv-ice, Mr. Gunn has served as a civilian with the United States Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Administration in nu-merous leadership and management positions with the Office of Naval Reactors in Wash-ington, D.C., the Idaho Branch Office of Naval Reactors, the Naval Reactors Laboratory Field Office, and the Idaho Operations Office. Mr. Gunn retired as a Captain in the United States Navy in 2007 after completing over 28 years of active and reserve military service. Mr. Gunn completed his service to our na-tion as the Assistant Manager for Programs and Facilities at the Department of Energy’s Idaho Operations Office (DOE–ID); providing leadership over the nuclear energy research and development programs and oversight of Idaho National Laboratory (INL). In the service of his country, Mr. Gunn ex-emplifies the best qualities of the thousands of talented individuals in the Navy and DOE, whose knowledge and skill have been essen-tial to keeping our nation strong and secure. I want to thank Alan for his service and wish him well in his future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.016 E21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE699 May 21, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed a vote on 5/16/ 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 184. 
f 
FIGHTING FOR THE SAFETY OF OUR NATION’S CORRECTIONAL OFFICERS 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House took another crucial step to ensure our nation’s corrections officers, who risk their lives every day to keep us safe, are also able to protect themselves and their families. I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 613, the Lieu-tenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self-Protection Act, which directs the Bureau of Prisons to provide secure locations at fed-eral prison facilities for corrections officers to store personal firearms so that officers can protect themselves during their commute to and from work. I hope the Senate will act quickly so President Trump can sign this bill into law and ensure no family has to suffer the way Lieutenant Albarati’s has. The passage of this legislation, which is part of the larger commemoration of National Po-lice Week, is especially important to me as five years ago, one of my constituents, Senior Correctional Officer Eric Williams, was brutally murdered by convicted gang assassin Jessie Con-ui while he was on duty at the United States Prison at Canaan. Officer Williams was unarmed and out-numbered during his shift, which left him to the mercy of the inmates around him. During his patrol, he was ambushed by Con-ui, knocked down a flight of steps, then brutally stabbed more than 200 times with a home-made shank. I have had the privilege of working with Offi-cer Williams’ parents, Don and Jean, who are tireless advocates for our nation’s corrections officers. Today, they help lead an organization called ‘‘Voices of JOE,’’—the letters of J-O-E standing for Jose Rivera, Osvaldo Albarati, and Eric Williams, who were all killed because of their jobs in our correctional system. ‘‘Voices of JOE’’ is an advocacy group com-prised of corrections officers, first responders, administrators, union personnel, and family members. This group is a staunch advocate that gives a voice to the men and women on the front lines protecting communities around the country. Together with Don, Jean, and ‘‘Voices of JOE,’’ we were able to get the Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act signed into law in March 2016. This bill supplies pepper spray to federal prison officers or employees who may respond to emergencies with in-mates. I am proud that Eric’s legacy lives on through the thousands of men and women who will now be able to defend themselves while they are at work. Con-ui, a member of the violent New Mexi-can Mafia gang, was already serving a life sentence prior to murdering Officer Williams. Federal law provides for the penalty of death in the most severe crimes, including those in-volving the vicious murder of law enforcement officers and prison guards. However, despite a federal jury finding him guilty of the brutal mur-der of Officer Williams, Con-ui received essen-tially no additional punishment because one juror out of twelve would not vote for a death penalty sentence. To right this wrong, Congressman TOM M
ARINO and I worked with the Williams family to introduce H.R. 4493, Eric’s Law. This legis-lation aims to deliver justice to victims and their families in federal death penalty cases by permitting prosecutors to impanel a second jury for sentencing if the first jury fails to reach a unanimous sentencing decision. As we commemorate National Police Week, we recognize men like Officer Eric Williams and families like Don and Jean Williams, and we thank them for their sacrifices. For them, Mr. Speaker, and for all of our correctional of-ficers who risk their lives every day, the House must continue to act on bills like H.R. 613 that will ensure these brave men and women have the tools they need to keep themselves and their communities safe. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RAY FURSTENAU 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ray Furstenau on his selection as the next Director of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s Office of Nuclear Regulatory Research. Ray is eminently qualified for this position and the able Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; Ms. Kristine Svinicki, did the nation a great service by hiring Ray for this important responsibility. While the Nuclear Regulatory Commission is gaining a true professional, the Department of Energy (DOE) and the Office of Nuclear En-ergy are losing a great leader and steward. Throughout his thirty years of service with the Department of Energy, at the DOE Idaho Field Office and headquarters, Ray has been a per-son who takes is job seriously and performs with excellence, competence and technical ex-pertise. Ray brings vision and a collaborative spirit to his work and he makes others better by offering mentorship, candor and warmth. Ray’s quiet and steady leadership was a great value to Idaho National Laboratory and the Of-fice of Nuclear Energy and on behalf of all of his friends in Idaho and Washington, DC; I want to wish Ray all the best as he moves up the road to the NRC headquarters in Rock-ville. Best wishes, and thanks to Ray for his many years of productive federal service. 
f 
OPPOSITION TO H.R. 2 
HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding votes I missed on May 18, 2018 to attend my son’s college graduation. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes on Roll Call vote number 202, the Roskam/ Blumeneaur Amendment, and No on Roll Call vote numbers 200 Russell Amendment, 201 Massie Amendment, and 203 Banks Amend-ment. I also missed Roll Call vote number 205 on final passage of H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act. Had I been present, I would have voted No on final passage. Last year, more than 1.8 million Illinois resi-dents relied on the Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program (SNAP) during a time of need—from families and children to seniors and individuals with disabilities. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities projects that more than two million people would have their bene-fits reduced or lost entirely as a result of this Farm Bill, an outcome that is both immoral and unacceptable. SNAP leads to better health outcomes by reducing the impact of food insecurity, and leads to better education outcomes for children because kids learn bet-ter when they are not hungry. Furthermore, this bill’s proposal to eliminate Broad Based Categorical Eligibility means as many as 265,000 more hungry children in classrooms, worrying about their next meal rather than fo-cusing on their lessons. The proposals in this bill—from its eligibility requirements that do not reflect the nature of work in today’s economy, to the massive untested oversight bureaucracy it would establish—leave working families with fewer benefits that are more difficult to use. I cannot, and do not support these proposals. In addition to the nutrition title, I strongly op-pose this Farm Bill because it recklessly short-changes conservation programs that protect our natural treasures, such as the Great Lakes. Eliminating successful programs like the Conservation Stewardship Program risks increasing agricultural runoff and backsliding on progress we have made. This bill is also a missed opportunity, failing to make robust in-vestments in rural communities facing the opioid crisis and aging infrastructure. As well, the bill fails to bolster federal funding and re-sources for one of the fastest growing sectors of American agriculture, organics, which rep-resents nearly $50 billion in annual sales. By eliminating the National Organic Cost-Share Program, this bill makes it unnecessarily hard-er and more expensive for farmers to transi-tion to organic crops. Finally, this bill makes extreme changes to laws protecting animal welfare, including a provision that could nullify state laws ensuring animal welfare in agricul-tural production. States must be able to enact animal welfare laws that reflect their values. Historically, the Farm Bill has been a bipar-tisan cause—offering assistance and security to farmers and families in need in a way that both Democrats and Republicans can support. I am deeply disappointed that the Majority has discarded that approach this year in the pur-suit of ideological cuts to our nation’s social safety net. In its current extreme form, this bill is dead-on-arrival in the Senate. In the days ahead, I urge my colleagues to work across the aisle to find a way forward in the construc-tive, bipartisan manner we have in the past. I am opposed to H.R. 2, which hurts work-ing families in my district and undermines suc-cessful federal programs that promote con-servation, research, and help for rural commu-nities and would have voted against this harm-ful bill had I been present. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.019 E21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE700 May 21, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF BRUCE & NANCY WEINSTOCK, RECIPIENTS OF THE WYOMING VALLEY CHIL-DREN ASSOCIATION’S MAKING A DIFFERENCE AWARD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bruce and Nancy Weinstock, who will be receiving the Making A Difference Award from the Wyoming Valley Children’s Association. The award is given to individuals who ‘‘go above and beyond’’ in their commitment and service to the WVCA. The Wyoming Valley Children’s Association has been helping children with disabilities since its founding in 1923 by the Rotary Club of Wilkes-Barre and the Community Chest. Today, the WVCA is dedicated to nurturing the potential of all children. Their staff works tire-lessly to implement the latest educational strategies and therapy techniques. The WVCA serves typically developed children, as well as children with a variety of conditions and diag-noses such as autism, cerebral palsy, Down syndrome, multiple sclerosis, and muscular dystrophy. Bruce and Nancy have supported the WVCA for over 30 years. In the early 1980s, the two got involved with the WVCA’s ‘‘Sweet Treat’’ candy bar drive. Together, they distrib-uted boxes of candy to local businesses on behalf of the WVCA families. Bruce has served as a member of the WVCA Board of Directors for 18 years and is a former board president. It is an honor to recognize Bruce and Nancy Weinstock for their support of the Wyoming Valley Children’s Association. I am grateful for all they do for the youth of Northeastern Penn-sylvania. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed a vote on 5/8/ 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 169 and NAY on Roll Call No. 170. 
f 
NATIONAL MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mental Health Awareness month. Every May since 1949, we have observed Mental Health Awareness Month. To begin, I want to share my understanding of what is entailed when we say ‘‘mental health.’’ Many of the disorders include, but are not limited to: Eating Disorders, Attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder, Addictions Alcohol and drug abuse, Alzheimer’s Disease, Anxiety Dis-orders, Bipolar Disorder, Body Dysmorphic Disorder (BDD), Conduct Disorder, Depres-sion, Eating Disorders, Excoriation Disorder (Skin Picking), Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD), Tardive Dyskinesia, Learning Disabil-ities, Maternal Depression, Multi-infarct De-mentia, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD), Panic Disorder, Paranoia and Delu-sional Disorders, Schizophrenia, Seasonal De-pression, Self-injury (Cutting, Self-Harm or Self-Mutilation), Social Anxiety Disorder, So-cial Determinants of Health, Stress, Substance Abuse, Suicide and Tardive Dyskinesia. According to the National Institute of Mental Health, Mental illnesses are common in the United States. One in six U.S. adults lives with a mental illness. That is almost 45 million peo-ple in 2016. Mental illness is separated into two major groups: Serious Mental Illness and Any Mental Illness. Any mental illness is defined as a mental, behavioral, or emotional disorder. Serious Mental Illness is defined as a mental, behav-ioral, or emotional disorder resulting in serious functional impairment, which substantially interferes with or limits one or more major life activities. In 2016, among the 10.4 million adults with Serious Mental Illness, 6.7 million, almost 65 percent, received mental health treatment in the past year. More women with Serious Mental Illness re-ceived mental health treatment than men with Any Mental Illness. The percentage of young adults aged 18 to 25 years with Any Mental Illness who received mental health treatment was lower than adults with Any Mental Illness aged 26 to 49 years and aged 50 and older. Let me say that again. Fewer young adults with mental illness were getting treated than any other age group. It is not that fewer have mental illness, but that fewer are getting treat-ed. This should concern us greatly. If anyone feels they have a mental illness or has a loved one they believe has a mental ill-ness, there are resources available to help them. For immediate help if the person is in crisis, they can call National Suicide Prevention Life-line at 1–800–273–8255. In addition, the Substance Abuse and Men-tal Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) runs a Treatment Referral Helpline at 1–800– 662–HELP (4357). SAMHSA also has a Be-havioral Health Treatment Locator on its website that can be searched by location. The thing to remember is that no one is alone and there is help available for those who seek it. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed a vote on 5/7/ 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 167 and YEA on Roll Call No. 168. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 4451, the Vet-erans Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2018. Due to hectic circumstances on the floor, my vote was recorded as a ‘‘no’’ when I had intended it to be recorded as ‘‘yes.’’ Please make sure that my vote on H.R. 4451 is recorded as ‘‘yes,’’ which is what I had intended. 
f 
HONORING MRS. ELADIA VELEZ ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend the happiest of birthday wishes to Mrs. Eladia Velez, a resident of the Lower East Side, New York, and a centenarian, who celebrated her 100th birthday on May 19, 2018. Eladia has lived a life characterized by hard work and unyielding selflessness, and is a pillar of her community. From an early age, Eladia exhibited an outstanding work ethic and profound concern for others. Eladia Velez was born in 1918 in Carolina, Puerto Rico and was one of three children. She later married and had four children. She was a stay-at-home mom and also cared for her ailing mother. When her mother passed, her brother encouraged her to earn her high school degree which she proudly accom-plished. In 1948, Eladia and her husband came to New York City to work and build a new home for her family, leaving their children back in Puerto Rico. In 1950, she reunited with them in the Lower East Side. Eladia worked as a seamstress and after a year of hard work, she was promoted to supervisor at the factory. In 1989, she returned to Puerto Rico due to a family matter. She remained there and pur-sued her interest in human services to be-come a social worker. For three years she provided services to the children and families of Carolina, Puerto Rico. She then subse-quently returned to New York City where she has been living since with her family. Eladia symbolizing decades of longevity and hard work, this occasion reflects an important milestone in a growing segment of American life: the Centenarian. Over the years, special individuals like Eladia have contributed to our nation and witnessed remarkable changes and extraordinary progress. She has lived through some of the most exciting times in our nation’s history. Today, Eladia enjoys the company of her beloved children, grandchildren and commu-nity. I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring Ms. Velez on this special occasion of her 100th year birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21MY8.023 E21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE701 May 21, 2018 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MRS. CLARENE HELEN VICKERY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize my constituent, Mrs. Clarene Helen Vickery and to congratulate her on an incred-ible milestone. On May 22, Mrs. Vickery will celebrate her 100th birthday. It is my honor to include this extraordinary woman and citizen of Fairfax County into the R
ECORD . Born Clarene Helen Dickens in Collins, Mis-sissippi, Mrs. Vickery began her service to her community at an early age, working for the National Youth Administration during the Great Depression. That service continued when she relocated to Virginia, where she founded the Parkwood School and has served as its Direc-tor from 1956 to the present time. Since its founding, more than 10,000 students have at-tended Parkwood School. Mrs. Vickery has been recognized with a lifetime achievement award from the Virginia Association for Early Childhood Education and a Certificate of Rec-ognition from the Fairfax County Health De-partment for her more than six-decade support of the health and well-being of children. Mrs. Vickery has also been a successful business woman and active member of the Vi-enna, Virginia business community, receiving the Business Person of the Year award from the Greater Vienna Chamber of Commerce, serving as the Grand Marshall of the Vienna Halloween Parade for the Vienna Regional Chamber of Commerce, and in other capac-ities. Her contributions to our community have also extended into her role as a person of faith. Mrs. Vickery was a founding member of the Providence Baptist Church in McLean, Vir-ginia, and served the Vienna Baptist Church as a member for the past 60 years in the posi-tion of Sunday School Director. One would think that these innumerable commitments to serving her community would be the overriding force in Mrs. Vickery’s life and replace all other considerations. But one would be mistaken. Mrs. Vickery is a devoted wife, mother, grandmother, and great-grand-mother. She and her husband ‘‘Vick’’ raised four sons; and have seven grandchildren and two great grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, Fairfax County is one of the best places in the entire country in which to live, work, raise a family and start a business. Our high quality of life is only made possible through the efforts of citizens such as Clarene Helen Vickery. I congratulate her again on joining the Century Club and ask my col-leagues to join me in offering their congratula-tions and in thanking her for her many years of service to our community. I know that she will continue to remain involved in the causes that are dear to her for many years to come. RECOGNITION OF MICRONOVA MANUFACTURING, INC., WINNER OF THE 2018 PRESIDENT’S E STAR AWARD HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate Micronova Manufacturing, Inc., honored recipi-ent of the 2018 President’s E Star Award. The President’s E Star Award is the highest honor given to United States exporters and export service providers in the nation. The award honors and recognizes persons or organiza-tions that contribute significantly in efforts to expand U.S. exports. The 2018 President’s E Star Award was presented to Micronova this morning, in a ceremony at the U.S. Depart-ment of Commerce. Micronova Manufacturing, Inc., was estab-lished in the City of Torrance, California, in 1984 by founder and owner, Audrey Reynolds. Micronova is a woman-owned business, which has developed a variety of specialized tools to address critical cleaning needs in the emerg-ing electronics and aerospace industries. Micronova exports California-made products around the world. Audrey Reynolds is a forward-looking busi-ness owner, who understands the importance of manufacturing to the global marketplace. For decades, she allocated resources to glob-al research and navigation of regulatory proce-dures and by 2017, global sales made up six-teen percent of Micronova’s business. As the Ranking Member of the Financial Services Committee and a strong supporter of the Export-Import Bank, I understand the im-portance of the global marketplace for Amer-ican businesses and American workers. The Export-Import Bank opens up international markets to U.S. businesses by financing and insuring the sale of U.S. exports when private sector financing is prohibitively expensive, or simply not available. In this way, the bank is a lifeline for small businesses looking to ex-pand. Under Audrey Reynolds’ innovative leader-ship, Micronova Manufacturing, Inc. is a re-sponsible and valued corporate citizen. I con-gratulate Micronova for this admirable achievement. 
f 
HONORING FRANCES LUCERNA 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 21, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize a trailblazer and pion˜era of community arts and education, and a friend, Frances Lucerna, who was bestowed the title of Doctor of Humane Letters (Honoris Causa) by the Bank Street College of Edu-cation on May 10, 2018. Frances is the Co-Founder and Artistic Ex-ecutive Director of El Puente, a non-profit Brooklyn based community and youth devel-opment organization that promotes the arts, leadership, peace and social justice. This or-ganization was founded at the height of the gang and drug epidemic in the Williamsburg, Brooklyn community. Frances, a former danc-er believed that arts and culture could be spir-itually healing and transformational for young people and their families. Since inception in 1983, El Puente has positively transform the lives and future of hundreds of underserved and low-income at risk-youths with its arts, dance and literacy-based after school pro-grams. It has introduced and opened the doors to the theater and film for many young people. In addition, the holistic approach to art combined with academic enrichment program-ming and activities is unique and has posi-tioned El Puente to be one of the most cele-brated Latino cultural organization’s in my dis-trict. Without a high school for participants to fur-ther their interest and education in the arts and social justice, in 1993 she championed and founded El Puente Academy for Peace and Justice High School. It was the first school in the country dedicated to human rights and a national model for community based schools serving students from 9th through 12th grade. In 2012, Frances spearheaded the develop-ment of the Global Justice Institute, El Puente’s training, research, and development center, which engages individuals and organi-zations from around the world in learning about El Puente’s social justice practices while creating strategies for sustainable, community- driven change for a more healthy, vibrant, liv-able community. Her advocacy, passion and dedication to strengthening the human condition is immeas-urable. She has earned the respect of leaders, both local and global. Although she is the re-cipient of numerous awards, being conferred the title of Doctor of Humane Letters (Honoris Causa) reaffirms her life’s work and significant contribution to society. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Dr. Frances Lucerna for a distinguished life of public service and accomplishments. My dis-trict is enriched because of her vision and leadership. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 22, 2018 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:28 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\MAY\E21MY8.REC E21MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE702 May 21, 2018 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 23 9:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service. SD–124 Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the status of the housing finance system. SD–538 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 2852, to reauthorize certain programs under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Prepared-ness Reauthorization Act. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, and Ed-ward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the Govern-ment Accountability Office’s annual report on additional opportunities to reduce fragmentation, overlap, and du-plication in the Federal government. SD–608 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. SD–192 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Govern-ment Ethics, Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, and Fred-erick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Con-troller, Office of Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Border Security and Im-migration To hold hearings to examine the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Reauthor-ization Act and exploited loopholes af-fecting unaccompanied alien children. SD–226 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine preventing and treating opioid misuse among older Americans. SD–562 MAY 24 9 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine rural health care in America, focusing on challenges and opportunities. SD–215 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine cybersecu-rity, focusing on risks to the financial services industry and its preparedness. SD–538 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2645, to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to in-crease participation in drug take-back programs, S. 2535, to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration dis-cretion in setting opioid quotas, S. 2789, to prevent substance abuse and re-duce demand for illicit narcotics, S. 207, to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act relating to controlled sub-stance analogues, S. 2838, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain information on dis-tribution of opioids, S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diver-sion of controlled substances, and the nominations of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Penn-sylvania, Michael J. Truncale, J. Campbell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ari-zona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, and Erica H. MacDonald, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota, and Scott Patrick Illing, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Louisiana, both of the Department of Justice. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Devel-opment Appropriations Act, 2019’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2019’’, and to consider 302(b) subcommittee allocations of budget outlays and new budget author-ity allocated to the committee in H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. SD–106 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 MAY 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:24 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M21MY8.000 E21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D556 Monday, May 21, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2781–S2800 Measures Introduced: Five bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2886–2890, and S. Res. 517–518.
                                                       Page S2793 
Measures Reported: S. 1336, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric production incentives and hydroelectric efficiency improvement incentives. (S. Rept. No. 115–250) S. 1457, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out dem-onstration projects relating to advanced nuclear reac-tor technologies to support domestic energy needs, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–251) S. 1799, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to facilitate the commercialization of energy and re-lated technologies developed at Department of En-ergy facilities with promising commercial potential. (S. Rept. No. 115–252) H.R. 1109, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–253)
                  Page S2793 
Measures Passed: Older Americans Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 517, designating May 2018 as ‘‘Older Americans Month’’.
                                                                          Page S2799 
Messages from the President: Senate received the following messages from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, with respect to the stabilization of Iraq, received during adjournment of the Senate on May 18, 2018; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–40) 
                                                                                    Pages S2790–91 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order with respect to Venezuela that takes additional steps with respect to the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13692 on March 8, 2015; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–41)                                                                         Page S2791 
Baiocco Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission.
                                  Pages S2782–87 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 49 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 102), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2787 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, all post-cloture time on the nomination be considered expired at 12 noon, on Tuesday, May 22, 2018.
                                                                                Page S2787 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, May 22, 2018.
                                              Pages S2799–S2800 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Re-form, with the rank of Ambassador. Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Re-form. John Rakolta, Jr., of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates. Donald R. Tapia, of Arizona, to be Ambassador to Jamaica.
                                                                          Page S2800 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2791 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S2791, S2799 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2791 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2791–92 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S2792 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D557 May 21, 2018 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2793–95 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2795–97 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2789–90 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2797–99 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2799 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—102)
                                                                Page S2787 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:22 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 22, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2799–2800.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland met in closed session and approved for full com-mittee consideration those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2019. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5887–5893, 5896–5902; and 1 reso-lution, H. Res. 906 were introduced.
     Pages H4283–84 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H4285 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4245, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to submit to Congress certain documents relat-ing to the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs (H. Rept. 115–691); H.R. 5215, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to prohibit employees found to have knowingly mis-used Department of Veterans Affairs purchase cards from serving as purchase card holders or approving officials (H. Rept. 115–692); H.R. 5418, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program using multiple prime vendors (H. Rept. 115–693); H.R. 4830, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs un-less the educational institution providing the course permits individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment by Department, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–694); H.R. 5655, to establish the Camp Nelson Herit-age National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–695); H.R. 5894, making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–696); H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–697); Supplemental Report on H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense and for mili-tary construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–676, Part 2); and H. Res. 905, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (S. 204) to authorize the use of un-approved medical products by patients diagnosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes; and providing for consider-ation of the bill (S. 2155) to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and en-hance consumer protections, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–698).
                                                Page H4283 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Newhouse to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H4245 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:06 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H4246 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD558 May 21, 2018 
Commission on International Religious Free-dom—Reappointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s reappointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Commission on International Religious Freedom for a term effective May 14, 2018, and ending May 14, 2020: Ms. Kristina Arriaga of Alexandria, Virginia.
     Page H4246 
Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Com-mission on Native Children-Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Com-mission on Native Children: Ms. Gloria O’Neill of Anchorage, Alaska, Ms. Lisa Johnson Billy of Lind-say, Oklahoma, and Ms. Elizabeth Morris of Hills-boro, North Dakota.
                                                Page H4246 
United States Semiquincentennial Commission— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the United States Semiquincentennial Commission to fill the vacancy thereon: Representa-tive Holding.
                                                               Page H4246 
United States Capitol Preservation Commis-sion—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the United States Capitol Preservation Commission: Representative Holding. 
                                                                                            Page H4246 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 3 p.m.
                                                          Page H4246 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Veterans Affairs Billing Accountability Act: H.R. 1972, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and medical services in the case of an error by the Department of Veterans Affairs;
                                           Pages H4247–48 
Military Sexual Assault Victims Empowerment Act: H.R. 3642, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to im-prove the access to private health care for veterans who are survivors of military sexual trauma; 
                                                                                    Pages H4248–50 
Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act: H.R. 3832, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a memorandum of under-standing with the executive director of a national network of State-based prescription monitoring pro-grams under which Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query such network, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 377 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 209;
                                                       Pages H4250–51, H4268–69 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for access by Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers to State prescription drug monitoring pro-grams.’’;
                                                                          Page H4269 
Naming the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic’’: H.R. 3946, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H4251–53 
Veterans’ Electronic Health Record Moderniza-tion Oversight Act: H.R. 4245, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress cer-tain documents relating to the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs;
                                                 Pages H4253–54 
Servicemembers Improved Transition through Reforms for Ensuring Progress Act: H.R. 4830, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of edu-cation for purposes of the educational assistance pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Affairs unless the educational institution providing the course per-mits individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment by Department, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 382 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 207;
                                                   Pages H4254–56, H4267 
Veterans Affairs Purchase Card Misuse Mitiga-tion Act: H.R. 5215, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to prohibit employees found to have knowingly misused Department of Veterans Affairs purchase cards from serving as purchase card holders or ap-proving officials;
                                                Pages H4256–57 
Veterans Affairs Medical-Surgical Purchasing Stabilization Act: H.R. 5418, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program using mul-tiple prime vendors;
                                         Pages H4257–58 
Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-ment Act of 2018: H.R. 4958, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans; 
                                                                                    Pages H4258–59 
Service-Disabled Veterans Small Business Con-tinuation Act: H.R. 5044, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of cer-tain surviving spouses under the contracting goals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D559 May 21, 2018 
and preferences of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs;
                                                                          Pages H4259–60 
Redesignating certain clinics of the Department of Veterans Affairs located in Montana: S. 1282, to redesignate certain clinics of the Department of Veterans Affairs located in Montana;
      Pages H4260–61 
CEO Accountability and Responsibility Act: H.R. 3663, to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center;
                                                  Pages H4261–63 
Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Programs Re-authorization Act: H.R. 4451 amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five- year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligi-bility for services under such programs, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 377 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 208; and
                                                               Pages H4263–65, H4268 
Improving Oversight of Women Veterans’ Care Act: H.R. 4334, amended, to provide for certain re-porting requirements relating to medical care for women veterans provided by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and through contracts entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with non-Depart-ment medical providers.
                                 Pages H4265–67 
Recess: The House recessed at 5 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H4267 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, May 22nd for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H4269 
Permission to File Report: Agreed by unanimous consent that the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to file a supplemental report on H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
         Page H4269 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that he issued an Executive Order that takes additional steps with regard to the national emergency with respect to Venezuela that was declared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, and relied upon for addi-tional steps taken in Executive Order 13808 of Au-gust 24, 2017, and Executive Order 13827 of March 19, 2018—referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–129). 
                                                                                    Pages H4271–72 
Senate Referrals: S. 346 was held at the desk. S.J. Res. 60 was referred to the Committee on House Administration.
                                                          Page H4282 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4246. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4267, H4268, H4268–69. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:32 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ECONOMIC GROWTH, REGULATORY RELIEF, AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT; TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN MCLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2017; NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. 2155, the ‘‘Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act’’; S. 204, the ‘‘Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’ [General Debate]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–4, pro-viding for the consideration of H.R. 5515 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of gen-eral debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–70 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report and amendments en bloc de-scribed in section 3 of the rule. The rule provides that the amendments printed in the report may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report or against amendments en bloc as described in section 3 of this rule. In sec-tion 3, the rule provides that the chairman of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD560 May 21, 2018 
Committee on Armed Services or his designee may offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amend-ments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the chairman and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. In section 4, the rule provides that no fur-ther consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. In sec-tion 5, the rule provides for the for the consideration of S. 204 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule waives all points of order against pro-visions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 6, the rule provides for the consideration of S. 2155 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to commit. Finally, in section 7, the rule provides that the motion to reconsider the vote on the question of passage of H.R. 2 (Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018) may continue to be post-poned through the legislative day of Friday, June 22, 2018. Testimony was heard from Representatives Luetkemeyer, Maxine Waters of California, Barton, Pallone, Wittman, Davis of California. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 22, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, to hold hearings to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–138. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 9:30 a.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 11 a.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Personnel, business meeting to mark-up those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2019, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, closed business meet-ing to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 3:30 p.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 4:30 p.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National De-fense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 5:15 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 2098, to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by cer-tain types of foreign investment, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 2848, to improve Department of Transportation controlled substances and alcohol test-ing, S. 2842, to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or products, S. 2844, to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain rec-ommendations of the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Transportation, S. 2764, to amend and enhance the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act to improve the conservation of sharks, S. 2418, to di-rect the Federal Communications Commission to promul-gate regulations that establish a national standard for de-termining whether mobile and broadband services avail-able in rural areas are reasonably comparable to those services provided in urban areas, the nominations of Jo-seph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Jennifer L. Homendy, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D561 May 21, 2018 Safety Board, and routine lists in the Coast Guard, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Environment and Public Works: business meeting to consider S. 2800, to provide for the conserva-tion and development of water and related resources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to construct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, S. 2602, to support carbon dioxide utiliza-tion and direct air capture research, to facilitate the per-mitting and development of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration projects and carbon dioxide pipelines, S. 2734, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in La-redo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, S. 2377, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, the nomination of John L. Ryder, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority, and 3 General Services Administration resolutions, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider S. 2269, to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years, S. Res. 386, urging the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold credible elections, comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a democratic transition of power by taking concrete and measurable steps towards holding elections not later than December 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and al-lowing for freedom of expression and association, S.J. Res. 58, to require certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia in Yemen, and the Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, done at Marrakesh on June 27, 2013 (Marrakesh Treaty) (Treaty Doc.114–06), 2:15 p.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the healthcare workforce, focus-ing on addressing shortages and improving care, 10 a.m., SD–430. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be imme-diately followed by a closed briefing regarding certain in-telligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 Interior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Bill, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Policies and Pri-orities of the U.S. Department of Education’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘DOE Modernization: Legislation Addressing Development, Regulation, and Competitive-ness of Advanced Nuclear Energy Technologies’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Internet of Things Legisla-tion’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4439, the ‘‘Modernizing Credit Opportunities Act’’; H.R. 5735, the ‘‘Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act’’; H.R. 5749, the ‘‘Options Markets Stability Act’’; H.R. 5793, the ‘‘Housing Choice Voucher Mobility Dem-onstration Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5841, the ‘‘Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee On Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Effective Conservation Policy World-wide: Successes, Challenges, and Next Steps’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Full Committee, hearing and markup on H.R. 4819, the ‘‘DELTA Act’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Geopolitics of U.S. Oil and Gas Competitiveness’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Lebanon and Iraq: After the Elections’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping the Daily Border Caravan: Time to Build a Policy Wall’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the United States Patent and Trade-mark Office’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 5597, the ‘‘Desert Tortoise Habi-tat Conservation Plan Expansion Act, Washington Coun-ty, Utah’’; H.R. 5751, the ‘‘Golden Spike 150th Anniver-sary Act’’; and H.R. 5875, to amend the Pittman-Robert-son Wildlife Restoration Act and the Dingell-Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the District of Co-lumbia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Ten Years of TARP: Examining the Hardest Hit Fund’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Af-fairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges to the Freedom of Speech on College Campuses: Part II’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’ [Amendment Consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology; and Subcommittee on En-ergy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering U.S. Veterans Through Technology’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD562 May 21, 2018 Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Highways and Transit, hearing entitled ‘‘FAST Act Implementation: Motor Carrier Provisions’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, business meeting to consider a resolution designating sub-committee members, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Curious Case of the VISN Takeover: Assessing VA’s Governance Struc-ture’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Subcommittee on CIA, hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activi-ties’’, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine breaking through the regulatory barrier, focusing on what red tape means for the innovation economy, 2:30 p.m., 1100, Longworth Building. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 22 through May 25, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12 noon. Following disposition of the Baiocco nomination, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 2372, Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: May 22, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Treas-ury, 10 a.m., SD–138. May 22, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agen-cies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. May 22, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Develop-ment, business meeting to markup an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. May 23, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. May 23, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. May 24, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Develop-ment Appropriations Act, 2019’’, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’, and to consider 302(b) subcommittee alloca-tions of budget outlays and new budget authority allo-cated to the committee in H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Armed Services: May 22, Subcommittee on SeaPower, closed business meeting to markup those pro-visions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 9:30 a.m., SR–232A. May 22, Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, closed business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2019, 11 a.m., SR–232A. May 22, Subcommittee on Personnel, business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. May 22, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, closed busi-ness meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 3:30 p.m., SR–232A. May 22, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-pabilities, closed business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2019, 4:30 p.m., SR–232A. May 22, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 5:15 p.m., SR–232A. May 23, Full Committee, closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. May 24, Full Committee, closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. May 25, Full Committee, closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: May 22, business meeting to consider S. 2098, to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D563 May 21, 2018 the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, 10 a.m., SD–538. May 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the status of the housing finance system, 10 a.m., SD–538. May 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine cybersecurity, focusing on risks to the financial services industry and its preparedness, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: May 23, to hold hearings to ex-amine the Government Accountability Office’s annual re-port on additional opportunities to reduce fragmentation, overlap, and duplication in the Federal government, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 22, business meeting to consider S. 2848, to improve De-partment of Transportation controlled substances and al-cohol testing, S. 2842, to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or products, S. 2844, to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation, S. 2764, to amend and en-hance the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protec-tion Act to improve the conservation of sharks, S. 2418, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to promulgate regulations that establish a national standard for determining whether mobile and broadband services available in rural areas are reasonably comparable to those services provided in urban areas, the nominations of Jo-seph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Jennifer L. Homendy, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and routine lists in the Coast Guard, 10 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 22, business meeting to consider S. 2800, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related re-sources, to authorize the Secretary of the Army to con-struct various projects for improvements to rivers and harbors of the United States, S. 2602, to support carbon dioxide utilization and direct air capture research, to fa-cilitate the permitting and development of carbon cap-ture, utilization, and sequestration projects and carbon di-oxide pipelines, S. 2734, to designate the Federal build-ing and United States courthouse located at 1300 Vic-toria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, S. 2377, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, the nomination of John L. Ryder, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority, and 3 General Services Ad-ministration resolutions, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: May 24, to hold hearings to ex-amine rural health care in America, focusing on chal-lenges and opportunities, 9 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: May 22, business meet-ing to consider S. 2269, to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years, S. Res. 386, urging the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to fulfill its agreement to hold credible elec-tions, comply with constitutional limits on presidential terms, and fulfill its constitutional mandate for a demo-cratic transition of power by taking concrete and measur-able steps towards holding elections not later than De-cember 2018 as outlined in the existing election calendar, and allowing for freedom of expression and association, S.J. Res. 58, to require certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia in Yemen, and the Marrakesh Treaty to Fa-cilitate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, done at Marrakesh on June 27, 2013 (Marrakesh Treaty) (Treaty Doc.114–06), 2:15 p.m., S–116, Capitol. May 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: May 22, to hold hearings to examine the healthcare workforce, focusing on addressing shortages and improving care, 10 a.m., SD–430. May 23, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2852, to reauthorize certain programs under the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: May 23, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Of-fice of Government Ethics, Kelly Higashi, to be an Asso-ciate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia, and Frederick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Con-troller, Office of Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: May 23, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Geor-gia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, and Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Colum-bia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 23, Subcommittee on Border Security and Immi-gration, to hold hearings to examine the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Reauthorization Act and exploited loop-holes affecting unaccompanied alien children, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. May 24, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2645, to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to increase participation in drug take-back programs, S. 2535, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration discretion in setting opioid quotas, S. 2789, to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics, S. 207, to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues, S. 2838, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain information on distribution of opioids, S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD564 May 21, 2018 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diver-sion of controlled substances, and the nominations of An-drew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Michael J. Truncale, J. Campbell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the East-ern District of Pennsylvania, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Fed-eral Claims, and Erica H. MacDonald, to be United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota, and Scott Patrick Illing, to be United States Marshal for the East-ern District of Louisiana, both of the Department of Jus-tice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 22, closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be immediately followed by a closed briefing regarding cer-tain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. May 24, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: May 23, to hold hearings to examine preventing and treating opioid misuse among older Americans, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, May 23, Full Committee, markup on FY 2019 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. May 24, Subcommittee on Financial Services and Gen-eral Government, markup on FY 2019 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, 10 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, May 23, Sub-committee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Reform: Unleashing Economic Opportunity for Workers and Employers’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 23, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the Olympic Community’s Ability to Protect Athletes from Sexual Abuse’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. May 23, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorization of the Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education Program’’, 1 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, May 23, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Help Fuel Capital and Growth on Main Street’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. May 23, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Autonomous Vehicles on the Future of Insurance’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 23, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening American Diplomacy: Reviewing the State Department’s Budget, Operations, and Policy Priorities’’, 9 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 23, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Asia’s Diplomatic and Security Structure: Planning U.S. Engagement’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. May 23, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Chinese Investment and Influence in Europe’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. May 23, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Combatting Transnational Criminal Threats in the Western Hemisphere’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on Homeland Security, May 23, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘ISIS-Post Caliphate: Threat Im-plications for America and the West’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, May 23, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 2365, the ‘‘Desert Community Lands Act’’; H.R. 2606, the ‘‘Stigler Act Amendments of 2017’’; H.R. 3744, the ‘‘Tribal Recognition Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4528, to make technical amendments to cer-tain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 5787, the ‘‘Strengthening Coastal Commu-nities Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5874, the ‘‘Restoring Ac-countability in the Indian Health Service Act of 2018’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 23, Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform May 23, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 877, a resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of Commerce to provide certain documents in the Secretary’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to the decision to include a question on citizenship in the 2020 decen-nial census of population; legislation to codify provisions relating to the Office of National Drug Control Policy, and for other purposes; H.R. 5415, the ‘‘GAO-IG Act’’; legislation on the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Amendments Act of 2018; H.R. 2648, the ‘‘Veterans Transition Improvement Act’’; H.R. 5321, the ‘‘Too Long; Didn’t Read Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4407, the ‘‘Cor-poral Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Of-fice’’; H.R. 5205, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 701 6th Street in Haw-thorne, Nevada, as the ‘‘Sergeant Kenneth Eric Bostic Post Office’’; H.R. 5238, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’; H.R. 5349, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1320 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D565 May 21, 2018 ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5412, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brentwood, New York, as the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5737, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Il-linois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’; and H.R. 5784, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Lu-ther King Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’, 2:30 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. May 24, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Union Time on the People’s Dime: A Closer Look at Official Time’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 23, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the Department of Energy Science and Innovation Act of 2018; legislation on the National Innovation Modernization by Laboratory Empowerment Act; and legislation on the ARPA-E Act of 2018, 10:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, May 23, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 8, the ‘‘Water Re-sources Development Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, May 23, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing on H.R. 2409, to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access service contracts while de-ployed; H.R. 5452, the ‘‘Reduce Unemployment for Vet-erans of All Ages Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5538, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitlement to educational assistance under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended participation in vocational rehabilitation programs; H.R. 5644, the ‘‘VET OPP Act’’; H.R. 5649, the ‘‘Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘Bill’ Mulder (Ret.) Transi-tion Improvement Act of 2018’’; and legislation to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, May 23, Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Reform and Small Businesses: Growing Our Economy and Creating Jobs’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. May 23, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5861, the ‘‘Jobs and Opportunity with Benefits and Services for Success Act’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: May 22, to hold hearings to examine breaking through the regulatory barrier, focusing on what red tape means for the innovation economy, 2:30 p.m., 1100, Longworth Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD566 May 21, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomi-nation at 12 noon. Following disposition of the Baiocco nomination, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to S. 2372, Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act. (Following the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 2372, Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act, Senate will recess until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of S. 2155—Eco-nomic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protec-tion Act (Subject to a Rule) and S. 204—Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act (Subject to a Rule). Begin con-sideration of H.R. 5515—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Subject to a Rule). Consider-ation of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E699 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E694 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E695, E700 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E701 Delaney, John K., Md., E697 Graves, Sam, Mo., E695 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E696 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E697 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E694 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E700 Katko, John, N.Y., E693, E694 LaMalfa, Doug, Calif., E693 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E696 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E696, E697, E699, E700, E700 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E700 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E695, E696 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E693 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E693 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E696 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E699 Scott, David, Ga., E693 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E698 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E696, E698, E699 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E697 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E700, E701 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E694 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E701 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E695 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 May 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21MY8.REC D21MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST