Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3345 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 2018 No. 62 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 17, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OBBISHOP  to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
ALLEGIANT AIR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, the CBS News program ‘‘60 Minutes’’ de-voted more than half their show on Sunday to a 7-month investigation into Allegiant Air, a low-budget airline based in Las Vegas. The segment was called ‘‘Allegiant Air: The Budget Airline Flying Under the Radar.’’ According to CBS, Alle-giant is one of the most profitable air-lines in the U.S. and made a healthy profit for 60 straight months. And up until word came out about the expose on CBS, its stock was doing pretty well, too. In order to reward investors while still selling seats at rock-bottom tick-et prices, however, Allegiant pushes their aging, secondhand fleet of 99 out-dated aircraft beyond their limits. But, hey, apparently, in corporate America, profits are more important than peo-ple, even if carrying people safely is supposed to be your main concern. So far, the only thing to crash with this airline is its high-flying stock price, which is down 11 percent since word of the CBS story first came out, because ‘‘60 Minutes’’ documented inci-dent after incident—more than 100 in a less than 2 years—of aborted takeoffs, unscheduled landings, smoke-filled cabins, cabin-pressure loss, and other emergency situations. A former prosecutor at the FAA with 30 years of experience says: ‘‘You know, if, God forbid, there is an acci-dent, I think there will be a lot of peo-ple saying, ‘Well, we knew. We knew and we did nothing.’’’ Mr. Speaker, Allegiant Air is a trag-edy waiting to happen. And they really should know better, and we as a coun-try should know better, because the CEO of Allegiant is none other than one of the founders of ValuJet. Do you remember them? They were the cut-rate airline that was appar-ently cutting corners on safety to boost their position with stockholders. But they aren’t flying anymore be-cause ValuJet flight 592, with 110 peo-ple on board, plunged into the Ever-glades after taking off from Miami International Airport 22 years ago. What we learned after the fact was that the airline drove up profits, pushed its fleet to the edge, took extra freight in cargo holds to make extra money, and cut corners on the safety of its passengers. And you know what happened. People died. We have seen this before, which leads to the very important question for Congress: Why isn’t anyone doing any-thing about it? Where is the FAA? Where is the DOT and the committees of jurisdiction here in the House of Representatives? I hear the Senators are doing something about it. Why have there been no hearings and so little response from the Federal Government? ‘‘60 Minutes’’ made a compelling case that the regulators are not doing their jobs. Host Steve Kroft said: ‘‘Over the last 3 years, the FAA has switched its priorities from ac-tively enforcing safety rules with fines, warning letters, and sanctions, which become part of the public record’’—so we would all know about the safety of these airlines—‘‘to working quietly with the airlines behind the scenes to fix the problems’’—yes, at the backs of the American people that they are sup-posed to protect. This airline, Allegiant, with 3.5 times as many serious emergency incidents as any other airline, might be a special case or it might just be typical, but we just don’t know. And the American people just don’t know. If the FAA isn’t doing a good job of making sure Allegiant Air is safe, what else are we missing about the airlines? We ought to demand that the experts inside and outside of Congress get the facts and all the people are account-able. Now, I understand that the dirtiest word in the conservative dictionary is ‘‘regulation,’’ and, frankly, it is not clear that the downside in regulatory oversight happened exclusively or even more rapidly since our current busi-nessman and TV host President took office; but I think it is clear that fol-lowing the rules being transparent and being accountable in American indus-try, especially the airline industry where millions of lives are at stake every day, ought to be a top priority. When I sit down to dinner with my family, I want to know the chicken and vegetables on my plate are safe to eat. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.000 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3346 April 17, 2018 
My car, my gadgets, and my flight home all deserve rigorous scrutiny. I want to know that the water my grand-son drinks is clean. The American people are losing con-fidence, Mr. Speaker, that the people who are supposed to be watching out for us are really watching out for us when we eat, drink, breathe, travel. There is a big drive in Congress to cut government budgets, cut red tape, crusade against regulation. The other side demonizes regulation almost as much as the President demonizes im-migrants. But I just want to make sure that, when the Federal Government and this Congress are cutting budgets, we are not cutting corners that allow airplanes with Americans on them, with anybody on them, with human beings on them, to fly out of the sky so that companies can make better prof-its. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
CONGRATULATING UM-NSU CARD ON 25TH ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to recognize the 25th anniversary of the University of Miami-Nova Southeastern University Center for Autism and Related Disabil-ities, known as UM-NSU CARD. On April 28, friends, families, healthcare advocates, and community leaders from throughout our area in south Florida will gather together to celebrate this notable milestone at the Tropical Nights Gala on beautiful Bis-cayne Bay. Since 1993, the outstanding staff and professionals at CARD have excelled at providing specialized services to indi-viduals living with autism and related disabilities. By working with a net-work of outreach centers, UM-NSU CARD is able to create lasting opportu-nities and growth for so many. Currently, CARD assists over 11,000 families in our south Florida commu-nity, offering them invaluable support, resources, and guidance. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate all of the staff, the volunteers, the ad-vocates, and the family members who get so much out of the University of Miami-Nova Southeastern Center for Autism and Related Disabilities on this proud 25th anniversary. I thank them all for helping those with autism, re-lated disabilities, and spectrum dis-orders to achieve their full potential and leave their own beautiful mark on our beautiful world. 
CELEBRATING 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF  
UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI SPORTS HALL OF FAME  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate all of the organizers and supporters of the Uni-versity of Miami Sports Hall of Fame Banquet. This wonderful event will take place this Thursday, and this year’s festivities will be extra special because we will be celebrating the 50th anniversary of the University of Miami Sports Hall of Fame. I am a proud University of Miami Hurricane, where I earned my doc-torate in education. I am married to Dexter, a fellow UM Cane. My stepson and daughter-in-law, Dougie and Lind-say, are graduates of University of Miami Law School, as is my step-daughter Katherine Lehtinen. So the Lehtinen clan, we are real boosters of the University of Miami Hurricanes, and we wish all the best to the guests and participants of the banquet. Congratulations to the University of Miami for its Sports Hall of Fame 50th Anniversary. Go Canes. f 
ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, on this day, as a lawyer and as a Congressman, I want to express my appreciation for the Department of Justice, the FBI, Mr. Mueller, Mr. Rosenstein, Mr. Wray, and others. The attorneys in the Justice Depart-ment are among the best in the coun-try, and Mr. Mueller and Mr. Rosen-stein are in that group. The FBI have the finest law enforcement people in our country, and Mr. Wray heads that office up. Besides being outstanding jurists, men of rectitude, and probity, what else do Mr. Wray, Mr. Rosenstein, and Mr. Mueller have in common? They are all Republicans, and they have all been attacked by our President. Our President said, when the warrant was issued on his attorney’s office for his materials, that that was an attack on our country. In my opinion, that statement and the attacks on our Jus-tice Department and FBI, and on Mr. Rosenstein and Mr. Mueller and Mr. Wray, those were attacks on our coun-try. When one undermines the Justice De-partment and the FBI and, basically, people working in the Federal Govern-ment to protect us and see that our laws are carried out in an appropriate manner and that the rule of law, which this country is respected for all around the world, is meted out in evenhanded fashion, that is an attack on the funda-mental principles of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I resent that sugges-tion. The fact is Mr. Rosenstein showed great bravery in seeing—as we say in jury charges, ‘‘going where truth dic-tated and justice demanded’’—in seeing that that warrant was issued. They did it on the basis of probable cause and in-formation that they had to have sur-veillance of Mr. C
OHEN . They had to have probable cause to even have sur-veillance. And then to go through— knowing this man was the attorney for the President—and authorize the war-rant and to know his job was on the line and his neck was on the line showed great courage, something we all in America should respect and hold up as an admirable quality in a man who exhibits the best characteristics of our citizenry. Then Mr. Rosenstein, a learned attor-ney who didn’t feel that attorney-cli-ent privilege was being infringed upon, sent the case to the Southern District of New York, where other lawyers who were trained took the case to a judge, who was also learned in the law, who said the warrant should issue. Attorney-client privilege is alive and is being dealt with in the proper fash-ion in Judge Wood’s courtroom. She is properly seeing to it that it is re-spected, but that information that is not that of an attorney-client privilege will be revealed to the American pub-lic. For some reason, a lot of people today who normally are talking about the Second Amendment are talking about attorney-client privilege like it is the biggest legal principle in our country’s fabric. What is more impor-tant than anything—and attorney-cli-ent privilege is being respected—is the information that has been garnered through that search warrant that could show the possibility of crimes being committed by the President of the United States of America. There is nothing more important to be seen, and attorney-client privilege is nothing compared to that. Why people are con-cerned about that and not the informa-tion that they are trying to keep quiet astonishes me. We need a transparent President. We need a President who pays his taxes and reveals them to the American pub-lic and who doesn’t try to squash the Justice Department, the FBI, and means of people of probity and rec-titude and character. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Rosenstein, Mr. Mueller, Mr. Wray, the Justice De-partment, and FBI officials. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
FREE SPEECH FOR ME, BUT NOT FOR THEE? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Alex-ander Hamilton was 21 years of age; Aaron Burr, 20 years of age; James Monroe, 18; James Madison, 25 years old. These young Founding Fathers, some of America’s most notable names, were college age when they stood against an opposing British monarch and demanded life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. In fact, the right to freedom of speech was considered so important that James Madison, the author of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.002 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3347 April 17, 2018 
Constitution, made it the First Amend-ment in the Bill of Rights. However, it seems today that some of America’s youngest minds of this generation have forgotten just what it is this great Na-tion stands for and what ideals it was built on. b1015 A disturbing trend has begun crop-ping up on some college campuses around the country. The ideals that our Founding Fathers so painstakingly penned into life are at risk of dis-appearing from the sacred parchment of liberty. Freedom of speech is under attack. The left has perpetrated the idea that freedom of speech only ap-plies to them but not to opposing views: free speech for me but not for thee. Conservative thinkers are often banned from some universities. If they are invited, students are allowed the disrupt the events. Mr. Speaker, since when does a war of words include physical violence against anyone who disagrees? Some universities and students claim that if speech is offensive, it must be banned; and who are we going to let decide what is offensive or hurtful? The lis-tener? The elite academia? The govern-ment? This is a very dangerous philosophy that some of our universities are pro-moting and students are accepting. The British censored speech critical of the King. That is one reason the free flow of diverse ideas is protected in our country. The Bolsheviks and Lenin en-forced censorship of ideas they op-posed. Lenin said, to paraphrase: We don’t let our enemies have guns. Why should we let them have ideas that are cal-culated to criticize the government? Speech control by universities, pro-fessors, students, or government is a violation of the 1776 movement. It seems as if our very founding document is at risk of fading into the abyss of history. Have we forgotten the meaning of the First Amendment? The First Amend-ment protects all forms of speech, even those we don’t personally agree with. Even those words that offend us per-sonally are protected. If our American public square or uni-versity becomes a place where only ideas that the speech police allow, then we have lost our way and have become nothing more than an echo chamber. How can political ideas be challenged if people cannot be allowed the freedom to speak different opinions? In Terminiello v. Chicago, Supreme Court Justice Douglas stated: ‘‘A function of free speech under our system of govern-ment is to invite dispute. It may in-deed best serve its high purpose when it induces a condition of unrest, cre-ates dissatisfaction with conditions as they are, or even stirs people to anger.’’ I guess Justice Douglas would not be allowed on some of our university cam-puses today to have dialogue with stu-dents because he ruled controversial views are constitutionally protected. Freedom of speech is one of the things that made this country different from the rest of the world. We must remember that fact and re-ject the tendency to bruise the First Amendment by stamping out speech that is controversial. In the famous words of Evelyn Bea-trice Hall, who wrote under a pseu-donym in the 1900s: ‘‘I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.’’ I don’t see any university professors teaching this dedication to free speech. What is most disturbing is that often it is the public universities that are re-sponsible for silencing speech that they don’t agree with. This is clearly a vio-lation of the philosophy of the First Amendment. George Washington said it best: ‘‘If the freedom of speech is taken away, then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter.’’ America must always remain a free and open public space where the mar-ketplace of ideas, even those we may detest or disagree with, are always freely expressed. Mr. Speaker, I leave you with the words of James Madison: ‘‘The ad-vancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.’’ Our college youth of today should heed the words of American youth of 1776. But the elite academia of our uni-versity speech police may not allow controversial words—those words of Madison and Jefferson—to be taught on campus because it just might offend them. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER SEAN GANNON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, so many people in this world are focused on: What’s in it for me? Not Officer Sean Gannon. Sean was a giver. His life was defined by his focus on serving and helping others. Sean was taken from us last Thurs-day in an act of violence that shocked our sensibilities and broke all of our hearts. In his early years, he gave to his community in New Bedford, his class-mates at All Saints School, and then his classmates at Bishop Stang High School in North Dartmouth. He gave to his college mates as he prepared for his lifetime goal of becoming a police offi-cer at Westfield State and Mass Mari-time Academy. He gave to the communities in prepa-ration of this at Westfield and Nan-tucket working there as a police officer and began his real career at Stonehill College, working to support and help students there, keeping them safe, and working with one of his mentors and friends, former Police Chief Peter Carnes. He gave as a Big Brother to a young boy through the Big Brothers Big Sis-ters Program of Cape Cod and the Is-lands, and that young boy now wants to grow up and be a police officer just like Sean. He gave to the children he visited in the schools as a police officer accom-panied most often by his partner and canine friend, Nero. He gave to his friends and his second family at the Yarmouth Police Depart-ment where he is loved and missed dearly. Sean gave the greatest love to his parents, Patrick and Denise; his broth-er and sister; his family; and particu-larly to his wife, Dara, who shared in the spirit of giving as she conducted her work in the Cape Cod Foundation with helping over 250 charities. Sean and Dara were a fixture at every chari-table event on Cape Cod. Ultimately, he gave his life—the ulti-mate sacrifice—to protect us and pro-tect others from a dangerous and vio-lent individual whom the Yarmouth Police Chief Frank Frederickson said would have clearly taken another life had Sean not intervened. Sean is a hero. He is one of us. He is much more than that. He is someone we aspire to be, a giver, whose love for others will continue to inspire us. There was a vigil last Saturday in the town of Yarmouth, Massachusetts, where 1,000 people showed up to pay tribute to Sean. Tomorrow he will be laid to rest joined by several thousand who will gather together to pay tribute and share love with him. God bless Officer Sean Gannon. May he rest in peace. May his soul and spir-it continue to live among us and in-spire us. f 
RUSSIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) for 5 min-utes. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to shed light on a quiet war that has plagued our Nation for years. It is not the type of warfare we typically consider, but this war’s implications are just as grave. It is a war being waged on our soil, in our communities, and exploiting discourse among friends, family, and neighbors. It is a war in-tended to divide our great Nation in order to weaken our unity and our re-silience. The tactics of this warfare are not al-ways apparent, making it possible for any citizen to become a casualty of this dangerous campaign against the United States. The war I am referring to is the disinformation war against Western democracies being waged by the Russian Federation. Russia’s disinformation campaign against the United States started be-fore the 2016 Presidential election. In 2013, the Chief of Staff of the Armed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.004 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3348 April 17, 2018 
Forces of Russia stated: ‘‘The very rules of war have changed. The role of nonmilitary means of achieving polit-ical and strategic goals has grown, and, in many cases, they have exceeded the power of force of weapons in their ef-fectiveness. The focus of applied meth-ods of conflict has altered in the direc-tion of the broad use of political, eco-nomic, informational, humanitarian, and other nonmilitary measures—ap-plied in coordination with the protest potential of the population.’’ Last month, General Philip Breedlove testified before the House Armed Services Committee stating: ‘‘Russia sees the West, and in par-ticular, a unified West, as an adver-sary. Waging a conventional war against the West would be unfavorable to Russia. As such, it has used hybrid warfare to break up Western unity.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘Exploiting divi-sions in U.S. society and promoting a ‘culture war’ is one key element of Moscow’s efforts to weaken the West.’’ In 2015, Russia’s disinformation cam-paign against the United States im-pacted my home State of Missouri. Re-search conducted by U.S. Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Jared Pier found that the same Russian trolls involved in the 2016 Presidential election inter-jected themselves in the 2015 protests at the University of Missouri with the goal of inciting further unrest and spreading discord and fear. The Rus-sian account @fanfan1911 tweeted: ‘‘The cops are marching with the KKK. They beat up my little brother. Watch out.’’ The tweet was then retweeted by Twitter bots and hundreds of real Twit-ter users who fell victim to the hoax. Lieutenant Colonel Pier’s research found that this same Twitter account later changed its tweets to all German and spread rumors about Syrian refu-gees provoking unrest in Germany dur-ing the height of the refugee crisis. In 2016, the account switched back to English and began tweeting about the 2016 Presidential election. Russia’s interference in the 2016 Pres-idential election by spreading disinformation on social media is trou-bling, and it showcases Russia’s suc-cess in weaponizing the internet. Rus-sia has exploited political divisions with the intention to cause individuals to question the legitimacy of our de-mocracy. That is Russia’s ultimate goal, not to sway the outcome of elec-tions, but to call into question the very foundations that make our democracy strong by provoking mistrust and in-stability into democratic institutions. As Americans, we must wake up and band together to fight against Russia’s tactics. In Missouri and around the country, we have our own interfamily squabbles. Brothers and sisters may have arguments, but the minute the neighborhood kid picks on one of us, we defend each other. It is time that we face the reality that Russia is ex-ploiting our American family disagree-ments and making them far worse. Instead of placing blame on each other and further polarizing our Na-tion, we should turn toward each other to develop a defense strategy to counter Russia’s propaganda machine. Russia is instigating fights on both sides of the aisle. They do not care about American political parties, but rather the demise of Western demo-cratic institutions. It is time that we stop Russia from infecting our family with their disinformation virus. I call on all Americans to judge in-flammatory posts with a wary eye. We need to quit being naive, allowing our-selves to become a pawn of those who want our undoing. The internet is now a battlefield. It is critical that we consider the source of all information we receive. That in-formation could be from a Russian bot in St. Petersburg. It is time to stand united, talk to each other, and work together to solve the challenges of our times. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF REV. DR. FREDERICK DOUGLAS REESE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, today I rise to honor a mentor, a fellow Selma, Alabama, native, voting rights activist, and an American hero, Rev. Dr. Frederick Douglas Reese, who passed away on April 5, 2018, at the age of 88. Dr. Reese is best known for the pivotal role he played in the Selma to Montgomery march that led to the pas-sage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It was Dr. Reese, as president of the Dallas County Voters League, who in-vited Dr. King and the Southern Chris-tian Leadership Conference to Selma to organize and support their local vot-ing rights campaign. As a longtime ed-ucator, pastor, and civil rights activist, Dr. Reese’s life and legacy stands as a testament to the power of one man’s ability to change the world. Dr. Reese was born in Selma, Ala-bama, on November 28, 1929, the only son of a strong, matriarchal family led by his mother, Ellie R. Reese, and that included his older sister siblings, Doris Reese and Annie Ratliff. His strong educational and spiritual home envi-ronment, coupled with the Christian education training he received, was the solid foundation of his success. An outstanding student, Dr. Reese graduated from Alabama State Univer-sity and Livingston University with a degree in mathematics and continued his education at the University of Ala-bama, Southern University, and Au-burn University before receiving his doctorate of divinity from Selma Uni-versity. b1030 Dr. Reese’s teaching career began in Wilcox County, Alabama, where he taught science for 9 years and, most significantly, met his future bride, Alline, a fellow teacher. The two were married on June 28, 1953, and she re-mained his lifelong companion for 64 years. By the mid-1960s, Dr. Reese had re-turned to teach in Selma, Alabama, where he became the president of the Dallas County Voters League and president of the Selma Teachers Asso-ciation. He used both leadership posi-tions to actively educate Blacks in Selma about the right to vote. With courage and tenacity, Dr. Reese led the first-ever teachers march to the Selma Dallas County Courthouse in which over 100 Black teachers demanded the right to vote. He challenged his fellow teachers to exercise their right of citi-zenship by saying: ‘‘How can we teach American civics if we ourselves cannot vote?’’ As the president of the Dallas County Voters League, he invited Dr. King to Selma to support their local efforts. With the help of Dr. King and SCLC, Dr. Reese organized a voting rights march on March 7, 1965, a day that will live in infamy as Bloody Sunday. Dur-ing the march, protesters were brutally beaten and sprayed with tear gas sim-ply for speaking out for their right to vote. The sacrifices made that day by foot soldiers like Dr. Reese were captured on national outlets and led to the rise of so many Americans who came to Alabama to support their efforts. The Selma to Montgomery marches which Dr. Reese set in motion led to the pas-sage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. While many minority Americans con-tinue to face barriers to the polls today, our progress as a nation is un-mistakable. We have Dr. Reese to thank for that progress. On a personal note, I know that I would not be here today as Alabama’s first Black Congresswoman were it not for the work of Dr. Reese and so many foot soldiers who led the way, who looked our democracy in the eye and made us hold up to those ideals. It was my greatest honor as a Member of Con-gress to present to my fellow Selma na-tive Dr. Reese the Congressional Gold Medal for his work in the voting rights movement on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Mont-gomery march. Dr. Reese and others helped to change the course of American history and open the doors of opportunities for African Americans all across this Na-tion. We shall never forget the sac-rifices that they made to our country. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Sev-enth Congressional District of Ala-bama; a great, grateful nation; and the State of Alabama, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life and contributions of Reverend Dr. Fred-erick Douglas Reese. Dr. Reese was an American hero, a national treasure, a beloved Selma na-tive whose life’s fight for voting rights will forever change the fabric of Amer-ican history. May we all recommit our-selves to the cause he fought for by voting in every election: local, State, and Federal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.006 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3349 April 17, 2018 
HONORING THE CIVIL AIR PATROL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Civil Air Patrol and the contribu-tions this civilian auxiliary makes to our great nation. The Civil Air Patrol supports America’s communities with emergency response; diverse aviation and ground services; youth develop-ment; and promotion of air, space, and cyber power. The Civil Air Patrol consists of 1,445 squadrons and approximately 58,000 volunteer youth and adult members na-tionwide. It is congressionally char-tered and operates as a nonprofit orga-nization. It is made up of 8 geographic regions, consisting of 52 wings through-out the 50 States, Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday evening, I had the honor of speaking at the Penn-sylvania Wing Civil Air Patrol’s 2018 Conference in Grantville, Pennsyl-vania. More than 400 Civil Air Patrol members and cadets throughout the Commonwealth will gather there this weekend to celebrate this outstanding civilian auxiliary. Colonel Gary L. Fleming is the wing commander. Mr. Speaker, this year, the Civil Air Patrol is celebrating its 70-year asso-ciation with the U.S. Air Force. Con-gress passed a law on May 26, 1948, des-ignating the Civil Air Patrol as the of-ficial Air Force auxiliary. The Civil Air Patrol cadet program has been in exist-ence for more than 75 years. Cadet pro-grams throughout the country are making incredible impacts. Cadet pro-grams attract more than 25,000 mem-bers, ages 12 through 20. The program educates youth in four main program areas: leadership, aero-space, fitness, and character develop-ment. It enriches the school cur-riculum through after-school pro-grams. Programs offer orientation flights in powered and glider aircraft, as well as flight training scholarships. Activities and competitions are avail-able for cadets at local, State, re-gional, and national levels. Opportuni-ties for community development are available through the color guard and drill team, as well as emergency serv-ices missions. The Civil Air Patrol makes up about 10 percent of each of the U.S. Air Force Academy’s classes. The cadets who have earned the General Billy Mitchell Award enlist in the Air Force, U.S. Army, and U.S. Coast Guard at higher pay grades. Mr. Speaker, the cadet program also offers college scholarships in several different disciplines, as well as an international air cadet exchange pro-gram. The Civil Air Patrol cadet program truly encourages our youth to reach great heights. They have been building leaders for more than 75 years, and I am so proud of the Pennsylvania Wing Civil Air Patrol Cadet Advisory Coun-cil for its incredible commitment to our youth. I wish them the best in ad-vance of the annual conference later this week, and I look forward to join-ing them at that celebration as well. 
f 
DRAFT FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House Committee on Ag-riculture will be marking up the most important bill that almost no one pays attention to, rolled out with very little fanfare. And actually, we can kind of understand why it has been sort of played down a little bit. The draft farm bill makes it more difficult to get SNAP benefits, while weakening the meager limits for farm subsidies and while cutting investments in conserva-tion and innovative programs which people care deeply about. The draft bill cuts billions from those SNAP benefits. It creates burdensome work requirements for caretakers of children over 6 and people between the ages of 50 and 59. Under this provision, people would have to find work or at-tend job training for at least 20 hours per week. The provisions won’t do any-thing at all to address poverty. Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that, even for those in the gen-eral population, securing a job within 3 months is virtually unattainable. There will be a spirited debate about whether we ought to reduce nutrition for low-income people, but there are a whole range of other items that need to have attention. The commodities programs that channel 94 percent of the subsidies in the farm bill to people who grow six commodities. This bill will exempt most corporate farms from payment limits and make it easier for large ag-riculture entities to call themselves family farms and get even more sub-sidies. It gets rid of payment limits for marketing loan gains and loan defi-ciency payments and exempts partner-ships, joint ventures, LLCs, and Sub-chapter S corporations from means testing, opening the loopholes wider. In the area of conservation, which matters deeply to Americans across the country and makes a big difference to farmers and ranchers in Oregon, this bill gets rid of the Conservation Stew-ardship Program, one of the largest conservation programs in the farm bill. It cuts the conservation title by $1 bil-lion over 10 years and cuts funding for the working lands program by nearly $5 billion over 10 years, and it weakens the Endangered Species Act by allow-ing pesticides to be approved without considering the impact on endangered species. Mr. Speaker, one of the most impor-tant areas that needs our attention deals with local food and regional in-frastructure to promote local sustain-able agriculture. It effectively elimi-nates funding for farmers markets, value-added producer grants, and cost- sharing programs for organic certifi-cation by failing to reauthorize manda-tory funding for these programs. Mr. Speaker, I spent the better part of 21⁄2years traveling Oregon after the last farm bill asking people what they wanted. And I will tell you, people in Oregon—farmers and ranchers, people who eat, sports people, people who are involved with food production and nu-trition—this is not the approach that people in our community want, nor, frankly, by all available evidence, the vast majority of farmers and ranchers. They want to see reforms. They want to have a crop insurance program that isn’t wasteful support for large com-modity producers, but actually is available for people who grow food, specialty crops for nursery, and the wine industry. It ought to be helping beginning farmers and ranchers get a toehold. It ought to deal with the ef-forts to cut down food waste, to pro-vide protection for animal welfare. Mr. Speaker, the draft proposal that has been released is a missed oppor-tunity, a missed opportunity for the committee. But I am hopeful that Con-gress, as this process works out, will step up and do its part to make it bet-ter, to focus on people who eat; people who care about clean air, clean water; people who want to protect animal wel-fare; people who want to have a vi-brant, thriving local food scene; and to be able to provide food security for peo-ple who are at risk. Mr. Speaker, we can do better. I strongly urge my colleagues to take a hard look at this proposal and think about what a farm bill would look like for their community. I think they will find this bill falls far, far short. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MIRACLE LEAGUE OF NORTHAMPTON TOWNSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an organization in my district that strives to empower individuals with special needs as well as their families. The Miracle League of Northampton Township fosters both social and edu-cational growth through sports and recreation. Along with buddy programs and coaching opportunities, Miracle League offers those with special needs the ability to participate in baseball, basketball, bowling, and soccer leagues. On May 5, this organization will be holding its first annual charity wiffle ball tournament. The Miracle League of Northampton Township Wiffle Ball Classic will take place at Miracle League Fields in Churchville, and will feature a single elimination bracket along with awards for best team name and best uniforms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.008 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3350 April 17, 2018 
I would like to recognize president Brian Damiani and vice president Allan Corless, along with the executive direc-tors, board members, and volunteers, for the countless hours they put in to improve the lives of those in Bucks County. 
RECOGNIZING WARWICK TOWNSHIP FOR ITS RANK  
AS ONE OF PENNSYLVANIA ’S SAFEST CITIES  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, we have no higher priority than working to ensure the safety of the commu-nities we represent. Working with law enforcement and local officials is es-sential to meeting this responsibility. I am proud to recognize Warwick Town-ship in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, for being ranked as one of our State’s safest cities. In identifying Pennsylvania’s safest cities, the statistics were compiled from the FBI Uniform Crime Report. This information indicated that War-wick Township was the 15th safest city in the State of Pennsylvania. I would like to thank Judith Algeo, chair-woman of the Warwick Township Board of Supervisors, and Police Chief Mark Goldberg for their hard work in keep-ing our district a phenomenal place to live, work, and raise a family. I look forward to continuing our mission to-gether. 
f 
MEMORIALIZING THE LIVES OF FRANK SKARTADOS AND JUDY KENNEDY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEY) for 5 minutes. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to memorialize two beloved elected offi-cials from the Hudson Valley who passed away this weekend: Assembly-man Frank Skartados and Newburgh mayor, Judy Kennedy. First, Assemblyman Frank Skartados represented a number of communities up and down the Hudson Valley. He lost a battle with cancer early Sunday morning. Even though he was struggling through his sickness, Frank still fought relentlessly for his neighbors up in Albany. b1045 Frank was an immigrant from Greece, grew up on a small Greek is-land, came to America as a teenager, learned English, paid his way through school, and built a successful business. He went on to represent the people of the Hudson Valley and the State As-sembly for nearly a decade. Now, if that is not the American Dream, I don’t know what is. My heart goes out to the Skartados family and to every-one else grieving his loss. We will miss Frank sorely. I would also like to memorialize Judy Kennedy, the mayor of Newburgh, New York. Judy and I shared a love for the city of Newburgh. Judy also passed away from cancer this weekend. She fought through her sickness to serve the people she cared so much about and the city she loved. She was a relentless warrior for the people she represented. She brought the city of Newburgh through an eco-nomic crisis and presided over a real revitalization throughout that city. Our thoughts are with the Kennedy family as well, and, of course, the en-tire Newburgh community that will miss her leadership. The public servants we lost this weekend were truly special people. They dedicated their lives to the peo-ple they served, and the best way for us to honor their legacy is to finish their work, to look out for the communities they represented, and to make sure they stay the wonderful places to live, work, and raise a family that they are. Frank and Judy, thank you for all you have done for us. I hope everyone in the Hudson Valley joins me in say-ing a prayer in remembrance of their service, and, of course, we will see them; we will see them whenever we see the government doing something right. We will see them when we see the city of Newburgh continue to thrive. We will see them when we see the State government improving our environment—looking out for working families, fighting for people without a voice. That is where we will see their legacy, when we continue the work they fought so nobly and so long to ad-vance. Rest in peace. f 
CONCERNS ABOUT AMERICA’S FOOD BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise concerns about the farm bill that we will consider in the House Ag-riculture Committee tomorrow. In any legislation, there are parts of it that you support and there are areas that are problematic and there are ti-tles that you may oppose. That is part of legislation. Some of these areas, of course, are works in progress. That is part of legislation as well. The farm bill is no exception. There are parts of this proposal that are a continuation of good things that we have done in previous farm bills that have worked. This version of the farm bill supports programs that are critical to specialty crops in the San Joaquin Valley and across California and the Nation. Specialty crops are special. They are fresh fruits and vege-tables that serve as the foundation of a healthy diet. California grows half of the Nation’s specialty crops. This bill also provides support for re-search and risk management tools that are necessary. That includes contin-uous support for the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, a program that encourages farmers to be good stewards of our environment. It also has proposals that support programs that help our farmers, ranchers, and dairy producers expand to foreign mar-kets so we can compete. Further, it also includes research and development of organic farming that continues to be very, very important, and it encourages a comprehensive ap-proach to ensuring the health and secu-rity of our livestock. But we could do more in all of these areas. There are also parts of this farm bill that, for me, are problematic. As writ-ten, the dairy provisions create an un-even playing field that protects some, while leaving others exposed, sowing a regional divide within the dairy indus-try. Instead, we should raise the thresh-old for catastrophic coverage under the dairy safety net so we can respond more quickly for all dairy producers when milk markets plummet. The Cali-fornia dairy industry has hit hard times in recent years. Lastly, there are components of this farm bill that I strongly oppose, as do countless other organizations, people in the San Joaquin Valley and across the country. One of these proposals makes changes to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, other-wise known as SNAP, that will dev-astate parts of the food program that are working well. SNAP education and training pro-grams are designed to help people and help recipients develop skills so ulti-mately they become self-reliant. I am a strong supporter of SNAP education and training programs. Although some of our SNAP education and training programs are yielding great results, we have a pilot project in Fresno County called the Fresno Bridge Academy that has expanded, and we now, as a result of the last farm bill, have 10 pilot projects around the country. In 2019, they are supposed to report back to the Congress to say what works and what doesn’t work. That is the way we should be doing this so that we can get people off of as-sistance, make them self-sufficient. We all agree that able-bodied people should be working. Yet, this farm bill makes enrollment in the SNAP edu-cation and training program manda-tory, and in many cases, without giv-ing them the necessary tools to get real jobs that exist. We have been warned that such a strain on burgeoning programs may very well collapse, costing billions of dollars, and creating a new Federal bu-reaucracy. In addition, this proposal would systematically prevent people from getting food assistance that they badly need, including our disabled, our seniors, and our veterans. Twenty-five percent of my constituents are on SNAP and require food assistance. This program is vital to the health of our communities, both in rural and urban areas in every State in the Na-tion. The farm bill is America’s food bill. It is about our national security. It is very important. It should not serve some well and abandon others. Although this proposal does include some good provisions, it fails to serve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.009 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3351 April 17, 2018 
important parts of our community, and it builds a bigger and more intense di-vide between regions and groups in our country. Our Nation’s food policy should not be something that further divides us. This part of the House farm bill proposal, I think, is bad policy. It will not succeed legislatively, nor can it be successfully implemented. The United States Senate is writing a bipartisan farm bill, and that is what we should be doing in the House. As a matter of fact, the farm bill, for over 40 years, has been one of the most bipar-tisan things that we do in Congress. I call upon my colleagues to work to-gether, in a bipartisan fashion, to nego-tiate these differences, one that serves the widest range of Americans so that we can produce enduring good public policy decisions that serve to protect the safety net for all Americans, pro-mote American farmers, ranchers, and dairy people so that we can not only feed the Nation but compete in foreign markets. We can do better. We should do bet-ter. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 52 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Lead us in this day in Your ways, that our Nation might be guided along the roads of peace, justice, and goodwill. Grant strength and wisdom to our Speaker and the Members of both this assembly and the Senate, to our Presi-dent and his Cabinet, and to our Su-preme Court—as well as to us all, that all of our institutions and all of our communities fulfill the noble promises of our representative form of self-gov-ernment. Grant us the courage to become whom You have called us to be—our better selves—so that the United States might continue to be a nation worthy of emulation. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within the peo-ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. M
CGOVERN led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS MURPHYS BORO MIDDLE SCHOOL GIRLS VOLLEYBALL TEAM (Mr. BOST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, today I proudly honor the Murphysboro Middle School Blue Devils Girls volleyball team for winning the Class L State Championship for the second straight year. Along the way, the team also cap-tured their eighth consecutive Junior Southwest Egyptian Conference title. That win was also a career milestone for Coach Mike Layne. It marked the 1,000th combined career win while coaching volleyball for Murphysboro Community Unit School District at both the middle school and high school levels. I extend a heartfelt congratulations to the players, coaching staff, school officials, family, and friends who sup-ported these young ladies on their in-credible journey. Southern Illinois is proud of you. Go, Blue Devils. 
f 
REJECT THE REPUBLICAN FARM BILL (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to-morrow the House Agriculture Com-mittee will mark up the Republican farm bill. This incredibly partisan pro-posal was drafted in secret. Almost nothing in the bill reflects the 23 hear-ings our committee held on SNAP. We heard from 90 experts, and not a single one of them, liberal or conserv-ative, suggested eliminating State flexibility through broad-based cat-egorical eligibility and worsening the benefit cliff. Not a single one of them said to us: Kick 400,000 working families out of the program and 265,000 children off of free school meals. Not a single one of them told us to add hurdles for families with heating and cooling costs, and not a single one suggested we kick vulnerable adults off of benefits when they can’t find work. Yet that is exactly what this bill does. The reckless Republican pro-posals in this bill cut SNAP benefits by over $20 billion, reducing or elimi-nating benefits for 2 million kids, vet-erans, working families, and other vul-nerable adults. Make no mistake, this bill will make hunger worse in our country. I plead with the Republican leadership of this House: Stop beating up on poor people. f 
MARKING TAX DAY 2018 (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark tax day 2018. I do not make it a habit of cele-brating tax day, but this year is dif-ferent. Tax day 2018 is the last time the American people will have to file their taxes under a complex, outdated Tax Code. The new Tax Code lowers the tax rate for every Montanan. The reduced rates are creating larger paychecks. A teach-er in Billings told me her take-home pay has gone up $1,500 a year. The new Tax Code provides relief to Montana families by doubling the child tax credit. Parents will have more money to buy their children clothes, diapers, and food. Today, I am celebrating tax day 2018 because we are putting that old antigrowth Tax Code out to pasture. In its place is a new, simpler Tax Code that cuts rates for all Montanans, helps families, and is growing our econ-omy, leading to more jobs and higher wages. 
f 
ADHERE TO THE RULE OF LAW (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my task this morning to encourage my colleagues to adhere to the rule of law. In keeping with that, my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee—Mr. N
AD-
LER, the ranking member, myself, and Mr. C
OHEN —introduced H.R. 5476, the Special Counsel Independence and In-tegrity Act, to protect the work of Spe-cial Counsel Mueller and to allow his work to proceed. In the recent days, Mr. Mueller’s prosecutors found information that generated questions about criminal ac-tivity. No prosecutor can ignore that kind of evidence. He referred it first to the Deputy Attorney General, Mr. Rosenstein, to approve his potential re-ferral of that information, and he did approve it. It was referred to the Southern District of New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.011 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3352 April 17, 2018 
We now come to find out that the President’s attorney has been inves-tigated for a long period of time. We found out a surprise: one of his clients was Sean Hannity, who was already being investigated. This is an insurance that the Presi-dent will not fire the special counsel and allow his work to continue. That is an Article I responsibility, a constitu-tional responsibility, and I encourage my colleagues to join us to provide that insurance. 
f 
SAVE A MAJESTIC SHIP FROM SINKING INTO THE DEPTHS OF HISTORY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the first board of her keel landed on the dockyard with a loud thump. It was 107 years ago today, April 17, 1911. One year later, she sailed smooth-ly into Newport News, Virginia, har-bor, christened the USS Texas, BB–35. She was commissioned and saw imme-diate action in World War I. The Texas made numerous voyages to the North Sea, serving the country and our State of Texas. Upon formal entry into World War II, the battleship Texas escorted war con-voys across the Atlantic, was the flag-ship on D-day, and saw action in the Pacific as well. She was decommis-sioned in 1948. Texas schoolchildren saved their nickels to bring the ship home to Texas. She is now moored in La Porte, Texas. But now after serving our great Nation, Texas is in danger of being scrapped for parts, a fate unfitting for the majestic ship that served our coun-try. To prevent this, the State of Texas and Congress must band together and work to save the battleship Texas from sinking into the depths of history. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
OPPOSE THE FARM BILL (Ms. D
ELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the recently re-leased farm bill for 2018. Congressional Republicans and the Trump administration want to unravel the social safety net, and according to the Center on Budget and Policy Prior-ities, this farm bill cuts total Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits—that is the Food Stamp pro-gram—by more than $23 billion. Its stricter work requirements could affect 5 million Americans who receive food stamps in this country—children, seniors, the disabled, and, yes, vet-erans—even though most recipients who can work already do. All told, 2 million would lose some or all of their benefits. To my colleagues I say, these are not just numbers on a page; these are people who are in need. At the same time, Republicans want to expand the ill-targeted commodity programs. They will maintain crop in-surance subsidies that have no eligi-bility requirements or limits. This farm bill is not reform; it is hy-pocrisy. No one in this Chamber goes hungry. They have three squares or more. I urge my colleagues to defend the Food Stamp program and oppose this farm bill. f 
MARKET DATA PROTECTION (Mr. DAVIDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, the Consolidated Audit Trail stands as the largest financial database in the world and ranks second in size only to the NSA’s database. The value of the sensitive informa-tion housed within this database in-cludes Social Security numbers, broker numbers, account numbers. In fact, it is comparable to nine times the wealth that is in Fort Knox—far more sen-sitive than the Equifax data, whose breach affects 143 million Americans. Despite the enormity of wealth with-in this database, the unfortunate re-ality is that its cybersecurity is not yet adequate. The Government Ac-countability Office report found the SEC’s systems ‘‘at unnecessary risk of compromise.’’ The CAT operator re-cently delayed the issuing of technical specifications, which means that indus-try will have just 1 month to transmit all of this market data. Mr. Speaker, I introduced the Market Data Protection Act, which passed this House with unanimous support, to guarantee the private information of hundreds of millions of Americans transmits securely and without risk. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues in the Senate to send this bill to the President’s desk. 
f 
TAX BILL BENEFITS THE WEALTHY (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today is tax day, the day that hardworking Americans finish preparing their taxes; and it is already clear, looking at the new tax bill, that it will overwhelm-ingly benefit CEOs, shareholders, and the wealthiest Americans. Since the passage of this Republican tax bill, corporations have already fun-neled $250 billion to CEOs and share-holders through stock buybacks, money that is not going to workers. Stock buybacks overwhelmingly ben-efit the wealthiest Americans and cor-porate executives. In fact, the richest 10 percent of American households hold 84 percent of stocks. The CBO just released information showing that this tax bill will increase the deficit by $1.9 trillion. So let’s get this straight. The Fed-eral Government borrows almost $2 trillion from our children and our grandchildren so that we can funnel hundreds of billions of dollars to the wealthiest Americans. Is that what we should be doing here? I think not. f 
SYRIAN CHEMICAL ATTACKS (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, President Trump and our British and French allies made it known that the heinous actions of dic-tator Bashar al-Assad will not be toler-ated. Over the past 3 years, Assad, aided by Iran and Russia, has continued to carry out chemical warfare against his own people. Not only is this in direct viola-tion of Syria’s previous agreement to destroy their chemical weapons stock-pile, but it also violates every tenet of basic human decency and violates our Geneva Conventions standards. Through pictures and images, the world quickly saw the aftermath of Assad’s most recent attack on his own people: scores of people dead or dying while foaming at the mouth, including women and innocent children. By aiding Assad’s murder of his own people and then working to prevent a response by the United Nations, Russia and Iran deserve equal blame and scru-tiny when it comes to these attacks. Mr. Speaker, I urge the administra-tion to follow through with the sanc-tions on Russian companies that was announced by Ambassador Nikki Haley and to continue sending a clear mes-sage that these horrific criminal ac-tions by the dictator, Assad, will not be tolerated. 
f 
BRING THE DREAM ACT TO THE FLOOR (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge Speaker R
YANdo the fol-lowing: before he retires, do the right thing and bring the Dream Act to the floor. Already 46 of his Republican col-leagues and more than 170 Democrats— that is 218 bipartisan supporters—have, as of today, cosponsored H. Res. 774. This will force debate on competing DACA bills in the House and use a pro-cedure known as Queen of the Hill. This will include four amendments, in-cluding Representative R
OYBAL - A
LLARD ’s clean Dream Act and an amendment, H.R. 4796, the USA Act. Mr. Speaker, this will force a debate on this issue. The Dreamers have the support of the American people and Members of Congress. Bring the Dream Act to the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.013 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3353 April 17, 2018 
b1215 CELEBRATING TAX REFORM ON TAX DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today is tax day. Typi-cally, Americans dread this day—the deadline for filing Federal income tax returns—thanks to a cumbersome, complex, and confusing Tax Code. But fear not. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, this is the last time Americans will file under the old sys-tem. Next year, taxpayers will be able to keep more of their hard-earned dollars. Approximately two-thirds of all house-holds will see a lower marginal income tax rate in 2018, according to a recent analysis by the Tax Policy Center. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, American families can look for-ward to lower individual tax rates; a nearly double standard deduction, from $6,500 to $12,000 for individuals, and from $13,000 to $24,000 for married cou-ples; and a doubled child tax credit in-crease from $1,000 to $2,000 per child. Mr. Speaker, these are just some of the benefits. The average American should be able to file their taxes with-out an army of accountants. I look for-ward to next year when the majority of American families will see a much easier tax process. It is pro-growth, pro-family tax re-form; fair and simple. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LOTTIE ALBERT (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of my dear friend, Lottie Albert. Lottie was born on December 25, 1915, to Eva and Louis Wernick in New York City. Twenty-one years later, Lottie married Sol Albert. The two enjoyed 55 years of marriage and have two lovely daughters, my friends, Harriet and Do-reen. Lottie was the loving grand-mother to Eric, Glenn, and Lowell, as well as the great-grandmother to Kyle, Samantha, Heather, and Seth. Lottie was a resident and community leader of Broward County for over 40 years. It has been my honor to see Lottie’s commitment and passion for serving her community. She was an amazing individual who dedicated her-self to helping so many throughout south Florida. In 1988, she was inducted into the Area Agency on Aging’s Dr. Nan S. Hutchinson Broward Senior Hall of Fame. Additionally, Broward County honored her by declaring November 12 as Lottie Albert Appreciation Day. In 2012, Lottie was inducted into the Broward County Women’s Hall of Fame for her work with the Ann Storck Chil-dren’s Center. Mr. Speaker, Lottie was an extraor-dinary friend of mine. She helped me at every stage of my career, never waver-ing, never faltering. On good days and bad days, I knew Lottie would be there for me, as she was for so many of us. Her advice, wisdom, humor, and vast knowledge of life will be sorely missed. f 
THE REPUBLICAN TAX SCAM (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, as the corporations, the wealthy, and the well-connected enjoy lavish tax cuts, while retaining the ability to avoid paying any taxes whatsoever be-cause of the many tax loopholes still in the Tax Code, millions of low- and mid-dle-income Americans work diligently to complete their tax returns today. The Republican tax scam has made the rich even richer, while economic inequality in America has gotten a whole lot worse. Sadly, most Ameri-cans say they have seen no change in their withholding taxes. While the wealthy are reaping mas-sive windfalls from the giveaways in the GOP tax scam, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that this tax scam will cause the an-nual deficit to soar to over $1 trillion in 2020, and an additional $3.4 trillion will be added to the national debt over the next 10 years. Ending deficit spending and reducing the Federal debt is what Republicans have always claimed they were about, but we see now, with Republicans in total control, that they have misled us. It is time to put this scam to bed, Mr. Speaker, and bring new order to this House. Shame on the Republicans. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5192, PROTECTING CHIL-DREN FROM IDENTITY THEFT ACT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 830 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 830 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 5192) to authorize the Commissioner of Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud protection data to cer-tain permitted entities, and for other pur-poses. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-68 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D A-
VIDSON ). The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 830 provides for consideration of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children From Identity Theft Act. The resolu-tion calls for a closed rule, as no amendments to the bill were sub-mitted. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legisla-tion is designed to reduce identity fraud by allowing financial institutions to verify the accuracy of a name, So-cial Security number, and date of birth before passing that information to credit bureaus. This legislation is designed to target something known as synthetic identity fraud. This begins when a criminal combines a real Social Security num-ber with fictitious information, such as a name and date of birth, to apply for credit with a financial institution that passes information to credit bureaus for a credit check. Credit bureaus create a record based on the fraudulent credentials. Over time, this creates a synthetic identity based on the valid Social Security number but a false name. Currently, children and other vulner-able individuals are more likely to be victims of synthetic identity theft be-cause they do not drive, work, or estab-lish credit. This makes it easier for an identity thief to misuse the Social Se-curity number of a child without being detected. Reports indicate that over 1 million children have their identity stolen each year. Studies show that children are 50 times more likely than adults to be a victim of identity theft. This is a real and serious issue that is only becoming more and more com-mon. According to TransUnion, a record $355 million in outstanding cred-it card balances was owed by people who it suspects didn’t exist in 2017. That is up more than eightfold from 2012. This type of fraud can saddle children with unintended debt and a flawed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.017 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3354 April 17, 2018 
credit history sometimes before they can even walk or drive a car. That is why this bipartisan legisla-tion is so important. The bill would re-quire the Social Security Administra-tion to create a verification system to match the name, Social Security num-ber, and date of birth submitted by per-mitted entities against their official records. This would allow financial institu-tions to verify the accuracy of the cus-tomer’s personal information in order to guard against synthetic identity fraud. Importantly, the bill requires that users of the verification system pay the full cost to limit any costs to tax-payers. Also, the bill ensures that the provisions do not distract the Social Security Administration from their core duties and responsibilities. It is also important to note that the bill includes protections to ensure the verification system is secure and not subject to abuse or misuse. The con-sumer must also consent before their information could be subject to an in-quiry. This is bipartisan, commonsense leg-islation that solves a real-world prob-lem, but I bet it will never get the at-tention that it deserves. This bill went through regular order. It passed out of the Ways and Means Committee on a 38–0 vote, and I hope it receives a simi-lar vote here on the House floor. Despite what some in the national news media would have you to believe, this type of bipartisan legislation actu-ally happens all the time here in the House. The vast majority of bills we pass receive bipartisan support, and while that may not make for the best television, it is the reality of the work we do on a daily basis. So I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the Protecting Children From Identity Theft Act, and let’s work to solve a problem impacting Americans each and every day. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 830 and the underlying bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is kind of good to see a Floridian in the pro tempore chair. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to debate this rule. Last night at the Rules Com-mittee, we had the opportunity to hear from Chairman K
EVIN BRADY of the Committee on Ways and Means, the chairman of the Oversight Sub-committee, L
YNN JENKINS , and the ranking member of the Oversight Sub-committee, J
OHNLEWIS, about this leg-islation. They discussed—hey, America, listen to this—the bipartisan nature in which they worked on this issue to craft leg-islation that they hope can achieve strong bipartisan support in this body. It came out of committee 38–0. H.R. 5192 protects young children and recent immigrants from synthetic identity theft, a type of fraud that in-volves combining a legitimate Social Security number with a fake name in order to create a new synthetic iden-tity. One in every 10 children have fall-en victim to this type of threat. Re-search has shown that children’s iden-tities are stolen at a rate of 50 times more frequently than adults, resulting in children and families shouldering unforeseeable debt and a flawed credit history that is extremely difficult to clear. Mr. Speaker, in a refreshing change of pace, this measure, as I indicated, had a 38–0 vote coming out of the markup in committee and included input from Democrats, the IRS, and consumer protection advocates. Unsurprisingly, as I have indicated, it came out of committee overwhelm-ingly with all 16 Democrats voting in favor. The bipartisanship reflected in this bill is certainly a rarity in this body and, frankly, could have easily come before us under suspension of the rules. It is now painfully obvious what the Republican majority’s playbook is. My friends across the aisle can work in a bipartisan manner if they want to, but when it comes to major issues facing our country, like taking away healthcare from 23 million Americans or handing a $1.5 trillion tax giveaway to America’s wealthiest citizens, they would rather force through partisan legislation written in back rooms with little to no expert analysis, similar to the farm bill that is about to come out here sometime in the not-to-distant fu-ture. While it is certainly refreshing that we are working in a bipartisan manner for a change, protecting children and families from identity theft is not the only bipartisan priority. These reforms are just as pressing as protecting our children from gun violence, providing relief for hard-working, young Dream-ers, and debating the use of military force overseas—or how about an infra-structure bill of consequence and real immigration reform. b1230 Sixty-eight percent of Americans say Congress must do more to reduce gun violence. More than a million Ameri-cans took to the streets across the country to march for our lives and to urge Congress to take action to reduce gun violence. I had the honor of sitting on the stage on that day, and I was never as proud as I was of the children from Broward County, where I am priv-ileged to serve, or from around this Na-tion, and their friends and allies, par-ents, loved ones, and constituents who came from all over the country here, as well as to events in a significant num-ber of locations around the country. 207 members of Congress, including 14 Republicans, are sponsoring H.R. 4240, the Democratic Representative M
IKE THOMPSON ’s bill that would give States the resources to help them submit in-formation to the background check system. One hundred Members of Con-gress, including seven Republicans, are cosponsoring the Gun Violence Re-straining Order Act, which will allow family members or law enforcement of-ficials to petition a judge to tempo-rarily remove firearms from an indi-vidual in crisis. We had that example in Florida after it passed its law. Im-mediately, a family came to the sher-iff’s office to have weapons taken from a person in crisis. Has the Speaker brought these bipar-tisan measures to the floor for a vote? No. The Republican majority has re-fused to take up even the most basic commonsense legislation to help miti-gate the epidemic of gun violence fac-ing this country. My friends across the aisle have even refused to address the use of bump stocks, a reform whose need is agreed upon by Democrats and Republicans, including the President. Fortunately, in the State of Florida, it did pass in the last session of the legis-lature. Mr. Speaker, just last year, 34 House Republicans signed a letter to Speaker P
AUL RYAN urging him to bring for-ward a permanent legislative solution for the Dreamers, these young, hard-working individuals who are stuck in legal limbo. But despite this bipartisan support, not to mention the support of 90 percent of the American public, the Republican majority continues to block the Dream Act, ignoring the calls of the vast majority of Ameri-cans. It is time for the Trump administra-tion and Republican-controlled Con-gress to stop playing politics with the lives of Dreamers and come to terms with the fact that their long anti-im-migrant wish list is not going any-where fast. Mr. Speaker, the House of Represent-atives is a place where the issues facing our Nation should be addressed and solved in a bipartisan manner, similar to this legislation. It is a sad state of affairs for the Nation that Congress has continued to sit idly by while the executive branch further engages our military in conflicts overseas without congressional authorization. Republican leadership’s refusal to allow a robust debate on the efficacy of an authorization of the use of military force for our presence in Syria is not only a dereliction of duty but does a great disservice to the country and our Constitution. If the President, any President, intends to further involve American troops in the Syrian conflict, or any conflict, then Congress has not only the responsibility but also the constitutional authority to lead that conversation. Despite across-the-aisle support for these pressing problems, we are not here today debating the rule to address gun violence in America. We are not here today debating the rule to protect Dreamers from being removed from our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.018 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3355 April 17, 2018 
workforce or being deported to coun-tries of which they have no knowledge. We are not here today debating the rule for the use of military force in Syria. We are not here today discussing immigration reform. We are not here today discussing an infrastructure measure that is desperately needed. When I came to Congress in 1992, there were 14,000 bridges in this coun-try in need of repair. Today there are 54,000 bridges in this country in need of repair. But we are not discussing that here today. Instead, we are using floor time to discuss a bill that could have easily been considered on the suspen-sion calendar, and I predict that, had it been on the suspension calendar, 435 Members, or as many as assembled, would have voted unanimously in favor of the measure today as they would if it were on the floor at this particular moment. Are my friends across the aisle intent on running out the clock before the midterm elections? Is that what the American people have to look forward to over the next 7 months? The people who sent us here deserve bipartisan so-lutions to the pressing problems con-fronting this great Nation. Not next month. Not next week. Not tomorrow. But today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the re-marks of my good friend from Florida. I do want to note the presence on the floor of our newest member of the Rules Committee, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ). We wel-come her to the committee. I do think there are bipartisan things that we can do. The gentleman said one that I think is very important; that is, infrastructure. He and I have had this discussion before. The President wants us to do an infrastructure bill, and I think all of us want to do an infra-structure bill. I think there is some time here we need to take to make sure that we do get a bipartisan bill in that regard. I don’t think it will pass with-out a bipartisan agreement, so I hope we do that. On the gun issue, as I think the gen-tleman knows, the bump stock rule was actually something put in place by ATF under the Obama administration, and President Trump has asked the ATF essentially to rescind it, and they are in the process of doing that. So I hope they’ll do that. We did pass, and this body is part of our appropriations bill for this fiscal year that has gone to the President and been signed, the Fix NICS bill. So there are gun legislation things, addressing these issues, that are moving forward. He also brought up the very impor-tant issue of immigration. The Presi-dent, I think, has made some very bold moves in that regard to try to get a discussion going so that we can have some bipartisanship here. It is clear that that is not going to pass both the House and the Senate without that. I hope that those negotiations and those discussions can somehow resume be-cause they clearly hit a very bad spot. The President has shown his good faith. I hope the rest of us can reach back and find a way to address this issue. But this issue is not just the Dream-ers. It is also border security. If we are not willing to talk about that and chain migration and the others, we are not really talking about immigration reform; we are talking about one piece of it. With regard to the AUMF, Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force, I am a strong advocate, as I think the gen-tleman knows, for a new AUMF. Actu-ally, I am a cosponsor for one of the bills that would provide for that. I have said, going back several years, that I think we have been operating in cer-tain parts of the world without ade-quate authorization. And whether it is constitutionally required or not, I think it is the right thing to do. However, I do not think the Presi-dent had to have prior congressional authorization before the strike that was launched Friday night against Syria in conjunction with France and Great Britain. He clearly has that au-thority under Article II of the Con-stitution, to protect our servicemen and -women who are in Syria right now. So I applaud what the President did. I applaud the way he did it. But I am clear in my thinking that he did not need prior authorization from Con-gress to go there. Now, I hope that we will get a strat-egy in general for Syria that fits into our overall strategy to the Middle East. We have been stumbling around in Syria for several years now. Presi-dent Obama put out the so-called red line, and then the Syrians walked across it and used chemical weapons against their people. And we did noth-ing. All that did was encourage further bad behavior like what we saw in this horrible chemical attack on innocent civilians in Syria. At least President Trump is doing something. And I hope that that some-thing that he has done will send a loud message, not just to the Assad regime in Syria but also to Russia and to Iran, that the civilized world is not going to tolerate that sort of activity. And we don’t care who does it; we are going to take appropriate action. The President had the authorization to do it, and I am glad that he did it. We are not done legislating this year. I think the gentleman suggests that we are, but we have got some big bills coming before us. This week we will take up a major IRS reform bill. I am looking forward to that, this being tax day for so many of us. A good tax day for the vast majority of the people in America, by the way. We will be taking up a reauthoriza-tion of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. We will be taking up another farm bill. We will be taking up the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act that comes out of the Committee on Armed Services that I am in. We have a host of legislation that we will be doing, and I think doing suc-cessfully, between now and when we have these midterm elections in No-vember. So we are not done legislating by any means. I look forward to continuing to de-bate these issues, but today we are talking about a very important bill that did come through committee in a bipartisan fashion and, I believe, is going to get broad bipartisan support here in this body, once more showing the American people that we can get the people’s work done in the right way. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, through you, I would advise my friend that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I am as well. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I listened very intently to my friend from Alabama, and he in-dicated that the action that was just undertaken over the weekend by this administration was ‘‘something,’’ and I maintain that it was under an old Au-thorization for Use of Military Force. Listen, one of the reasons Congress won’t undertake to debate an author-ization for the use of military force, which I would urge my friend would give us a strategy if we had that debate and at least the administration would have Congress’ input with reference to the use of military force—we can’t con-tinue to have pin pricks at the whim of any President. I argued the same thing during the Obama administration, and I argued it during the Clinton adminis-tration. What we have done is abdicate our responsibility in Congress when it comes to war. And if you think it isn’t war, then ask the 500,000 people who are dead as a result of this measure un-dertaken in Syria, not just by the United States but with a variety of forces fighting inside. If you think it isn’t war when a bomb destroys a building, or 76 missiles destroy build-ings, then I have news for you about what war looks like. And we had no input. My understanding is the administra-tion met with the leadership of the Re-publican Party. I don’t recall hearing a single Democrat was invited to have any discussion at all about this matter. Mr. Speaker, I applaud this bipar-tisan legislation, as I have said, that would limit synthetic identity fraud and help protect millions of identities, including those of young children and recent immigrants, from being stolen. In a refreshing change of pace, this measure received input from Demo-crats, the IRS, and consumer protec-tion advocates. My friend from Alabama said that there are measures that are coming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.020 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3356 April 17, 2018 
forward, and I applaud him that those measures are coming forward. But I didn’t hear him say that there were going to be measures having to do with Dreamers. I didn’t hear him say there was anything that would be signifi-cantly involved in gun violence other than his words with reference to bump stocks and some reference back to some other date in time. I am talking about right now, not only bump stocks but the necessary indicia for buying a weapon and the age for buying a weap-on and a variety of measures. Twenty-six measures exist right here in the House of Representatives on which we could be voting—any one of them—that are commonsense gun re-form. And we refuse to do so because the Speaker won’t put them on the floor. I hope that we can continue working together across the aisle to confront the pressing issues facing this great Nation. When the farm bill comes here, I hope Democrats have some input. They haven’t had any at this point. And we can help people whom we have been elected to serve. b1245 However, it is time that we address gun violence in America; it is time that we protect Dreamers; it is time we exert our constitutional authority and debate a new Authorization for Use of Military Force; and it is time for us to repair these broken-down bridges and raggedy roads in the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the re-marks of my good friend from Florida. I certainly hope that there can be some further discussions and we can have something that comes forth on this floor that is truly bipartisan on the issue of immigration reform, including border security. I know that there are some people, not including my friend from Florida, who would like to pass legislation that would repeal the Second Amendment. I hope that that legislation doesn’t come to the floor because I do not think it would meet with the approval of the vast majority of the people of America. I do strongly believe at some point we should be debating on this floor a new Authorization for Use of Military Force. But I will say again, the Presi-dent did not need that authorization for what he did on Friday night, not because he was presuming to act under an old authorization, but because he had the inherent power to do that under Article II of the Constitution. If he is acting under that authority, he doesn’t need extra authorization from us. This bill, however, that we are talk-ing about today is something we can all agree on, is something that is im-portant for protecting young children and, yes, for protecting people who have just become immigrant citizens of this country. So I applaud the fact that we have come forward with this legisla-tion. It shows that we are working to-gether. I look forward to the debate on the floor of this House. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 830 and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid upon the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida) laid before the House the following communica-tion from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 17, 2018, at 11:20 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to S. Res. 467. The Honorable Michael C. Stenger as Ser-geant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF IRS SCAMS AND IDENTITY THEFT ACT OF 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2905) to require the Attorney General to establish procedures for ex-pedited review of the case of any per-son who unlawfully solicits personal information for purposes of commit-ting identity theft, while purporting to be acting on behalf of the IRS, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2905 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018’’. SEC. 2. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) A TTORNEY GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to Congress a report on the status of pros-ecutions for violations of section 1028(a) or 1028A(a) of title 18, United States Code, in-cluding— (1) the number of defendants referred to the Attorney General for prosecution during the 5-year period immediately preceding the date of the report by any agency of the Fed-eral Government, disaggregated by the num-ber of defendants referred by each agency; (2) a map of the United States indicating how many cases were referred for prosecu-tion by agencies of the Federal Government in each judicial district; (3) the rate, by year and judicial district, of convictions for cases described in para-graph (1) that were prosecuted; and (4) the Attorney General’s recommenda-tions regarding— (A) identification of trends in the commis-sion of such offenses; (B) how to improve collaboration with other Federal agencies; (C) how to improve law enforcement deter-rence and prevention of such offenses; and (D) whether such offenses are being com-mitted by individuals or criminal organiza-tions. (b) S
ECRETARY OF THE TREASURY REPORT .— Not later than 120 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a report to Congress detailing— (1) current efforts by the Secretary to as-sist with the prosecution of violations of sec-tion 1028(a) or 1028A(a) of title 18, United States Code, wherein the defendant mis-represented himself or herself to be engaged in lawful activities on behalf of, or carrying out lawful duties as an officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service; (2) overall trends in the commission of such offenses; (3) the Secretary’s recommendations re-garding what resources are needed to facili-tate improved review and prosecution of such cases; and (4) information on what assistance the In-ternal Revenue Service may offer victims of such offenses. 
SEC. 3. PUBLICATION OF REPORT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall make the report submitted under sec-tion 3(b) publically available on an Internet webpage of the Attorney General. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 2905, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, identity theft is a prob-lem across the United States. It affects millions of Americans each year. A re-cent study found that $16 billion was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.021 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3357 April 17, 2018 
stolen from more than 15 million American consumers in 2016. In the last several years, sophisti-cated phone scams targeting taxpayers, including recent immigrants and elder-ly persons, have been prevalent throughout the United States. Callers claim to be IRS employees using fake names and bogus IRS identification badge numbers. The fraudsters some-times know a lot of information about the targets, and they may even alter the caller I.D. to make it look like the real IRS is calling them. Victims are told they owe money to the IRS and that it must be paid promptly through a gift card or wire transfers. Victims are threatened with arrest, deportation, or suspension of a business or driver’s license. In many cases, the caller becomes hostile and insulting. In an effort to trick victims into sharing private information, these thieves sometimes claim that the re-funds are ready for deposit. If the phone isn’t answered, the scammers leave an urgent callback request. These crimes must be prosecuted in order to protect victims and bring scheming criminals to justice. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2905, the Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act, which will help Congress better understand how many identity theft crimes are being pros-ecuted, as well as ways to prevent these crimes, bolster assistance that is made available to victims, and go after the thieves. I thank Congressman D
AVID YOUNG  for his work on this bill, which will protect American consumers, and I urge the Senate to take it up without delay. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the man-ager of this bill, Mr. P
OE, again, for his continued leadership on issues of pro-tecting the victim. I know that everyone has either gone to their bank, been at a store, or got-ten that call that says that: ‘‘Are you Mrs. Jones? You live in Texas. There is someone now in a department store in New York using your identity, your card, your credit card,’’ and nothing but fear comes your way. It may not be even on the basis of you having lost your credit cards, but it may be on the basis of the dastardly act of stealing your identity. Probably there is nothing more, be-sides family and faith and country and God, that disturbs you most than to lose who you are. And so the legisla-tion of H.R. 2905, the Justice for Vic-tims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018, is a valuable legislative ini-tiative because, every year, billions of dollars are stolen from hardworking Americans as a result of identity theft. Tax season, as it begins today, or ends today, is a particularly dangerous time as scammers pretending to be IRS representatives trick victims into giv-ing them money. Some of the most vul-nerable victims are senior citizens or individuals who are not familiar with the likes of government responsibil-ities or actions. The bipartisan bill, H.R. 2905, the Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018, helps ensure that Congress has the information it needs to make sure that law enforce-ment agencies are employing tactics to hold these criminals accountable and deter future crimes. I want to thank the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) and the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) for their as-tute leadership on this bill and for rec-ognizing that victims are left helpless and hopeless sometimes. As tax season comes to a close, mil-lions of Americans are at risk of being exploited by emerging schemes where scam artists pretend to be IRS agents and harass victims into providing per-sonal information and money. The IRS estimates that more than $65 million has been lost to phone tax scammers in the past 5 years. These attacks are most common during the tax season, in March and April. Those are dollars that many valuable and important pro-grams or responsibilities of our Federal Government could utilize, dollars that certainly don’t belong to criminals. Often, scammers present themselves as the IRS and trick people into send-ing their money and personal informa-tion. As technology advances, so do the scammers. The IRS warned of a sophis-ticated phone scam targeting tax-payers, including recent immigrants, which has been making the rounds throughout the country. Scammers claim to be IRS employees using fake names and bogus IRS identi-fication badges. They may know a lot about their targets, and they usually alter the caller I.D. to make it look like the IRS. By debating this bill on the floor of the House today, Mr. Speaker, we hope that we are sending a far-reaching warning for those who may be watch-ing or those who are watching to tell others: Please understand that the IRS has made it clear they do not do busi-ness that way. Victims are told they owe money to the IRS and they must be paid prompt-ly through a gift card or a wire trans-fer. That is not the way IRS does busi-ness. Victims may be threatened with arrest or deportation or suspension of a business or driver’s license. Seek immediate help through coun-sel, through calling, directly, the IRS or your public servant that is nearby. In many cases, the caller becomes hostile and insulting. If the phone isn’t answered, the scammers often leave an urgent callback request. That is not the way the Federal Government does its business, or the IRS. Scared and confused, many victims comply with the scammer’s request out of fear of the repercussions. Please do not adhere to these heinous and vile actions against you. The Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018 requires the Department of Justice and the De-partment of the Treasury to report to Congress the efforts to combat the seri-ous identity theft problem. The bill re-quires the DOJ to report on the status of prosecutions of identity theft crimes. It asks for recommendations regarding how this crime is committed, how to improve collaboration with other Federal agencies, and how to im-prove law enforcement deterrence and prevention of such offenses. It also requires the Department of the Treasury to provide a report detail-ing its current efforts to assist in the prosecution of identity theft when a criminal impersonates IRS personnel and the resources they need to facili-tate the prosecution of these offenses. Please remember—I will say it again—the IRS does not do business this way. Be wary and reach out for help. This information will provide a help-ful insight into how law enforcement agencies are addressing the heinous problem that Congress wants to re-solve, and we want to stamp out iden-tity theft and the IRS scammers. We need to ensure that Americans are being protected from these con art-ists who target and terrify Americans and that these thieves are held ac-countable for their criminal activity, and that is why I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2905, the Justice for Vic-tims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the author of this bill. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank both of my colleagues from Texas for their support of this meas-ure. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan bill, H.R. 2905, the Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018. Scams and identity theft are increas-ingly complex and growing problems. Americans lose billions of dollars to criminals—my colleague called them con artists; that is what they are—exe-cuting identity theft and fraud each year. Many in the Third District of Iowa have spoken to me about their fear of having their identity, bank or credit card numbers, and other per-sonal information stolen. Mr. Speaker, imagine getting a call from your bank or credit card company explaining your information has been stolen. Or imagine having a Federal agent knock on your door because someone stole your name, Social Secu-rity number, or banking information. b1300 This reality can turn a family’s world upside down. Millions of Ameri-cans have gotten that call, and many have lost everything because of iden-tity theft. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.026 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3358 April 17, 2018 
The Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018 requires the Attorney General and Treasury Secretary to create and submit reports to Congress about identity theft and fraud across the United States. In 2016, the Treasury Inspector Gen-eral for Tax Administration, Russell George, said Americans submit up to 14,000 complaints about IRS imperson-ation scams every week. He also said IRS impersonation scams were ‘‘the largest, most pervasive impersonation scam in the history of the agency.’’ This is serious. These scams are indis-criminate and can impact any person at any time. The report submitted to Congress by the Attorney General as a result of my bill—this bipartisan bill—will contain the number of defendants referred to the Department of Justice for identity theft and fraud, a map of the United States which shows where cases were referred from, and the rate of convic-tion for cases prosecuted. This bill also recommends the Attor-ney General provide information on how to improve collaboration with other Federal agencies and discuss trends in identity theft and fraud cases. The Department of Justice should suggest what we can do to deter criminals and prevent identity theft from happening. The report from the Treasury Sec-retary will contain what efforts the Secretary has undertaken in the pros-ecution of IRS impersonation cases and recommendations for resources needed to assist victims of these crimes. As founder of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat Identity Theft and Fraud, I have compiled helpful re-sources to ensure all Iowans and Amer-icans have the tools and resources they need to stay informed and protected from these scams. I know my col-leagues do this, as well, for their con-stituents. The reports from the Attorney Gen-eral and Treasury Secretary will help Americans protect themselves and give Members of Congress the tools we need to better protect our bosses: our con-stituents. Mr. Speaker, fighting these criminals starts with knowing what is out there and being as prepared as possible, which is why I encourage my col-leagues to join me in support of this bi-partisan bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, again, let me thank Mr. Y
OUNG from Iowa for his presence here. And let me thank Ms. S
INEMA , who has always been astutely concerned about the fairness to those who may be victimized by these das-tardly acts. I reiterate again that they are conmen and -women, and Ms. S
INEMA knows well the importance of protecting her constituents, so I want to congratulate her and Mr. Y
OUNG for this legislation. Again, I want to emphasize how im-portant it is that we take important measures to protect all forms of iden-tity theft. But I want to use the termi-nology ‘‘victims’’ because, as I have said, senior citizens, people who are there alone; and, of course, families, individuals who are not experienced; first-time filers, for example, of their IRS filing; and people who don’t have, or know, anyone to call, they are par-ticularly in the eye of the storm. I, again, reiterate—if you are listen-ing to us—do not respond to those kinds of intimidating calls. Please call the IRS. Yes, you can call the IRS or your public servant that is nearby, or seek some relief in some other manner. Identity theft can occur in many set-tings. It can occur in public places where criminals watch you from a nearby location as you punch in your credit card number, or listen in on your conversation if you have to give your credit card number over the tele-phone. It can also occur if you receive applications for pre-approved credit cards in the mail, but discard them without tearing up the enclosed mate-rials. A first notice to everyone: those items should be shredded. Many people’s information is stolen when they are inquiring to spam emails that promise them some ben-efit, but request identifying data. In some cases, criminals reportedly abuse computer technology to steal large amounts of personal data. With enough identifying information about an individual, a criminal can take over that individual’s identity to conduct a wide range of crimes. You don’t want to get that phone call. Maybe it is not a store in New York, but it might be a store in Istanbul, or somewhere beyond, that your credit card is being used. False applications for loans and cred-it cards, fraudulent withdrawals from bank accounts, fraudulent use of tele-phone calling cards, or online accounts, it is important to be reminded the world is getting smaller and these cred-it card accounts can be used all over the world. The consequences of iden-tity theft can be severe and can leave a person with no funds to pay for every-day living costs. Identity fraud can have a significant effect on your credit history. If an identity theft uses your existing credit or applies for new credit, this could leave a footprint of debt or missed payments in your credit report, even to the extent that this individual generates a bankruptcy. Even if the criminal applies for credit and is re-jected, this can still have a negative impact on your credit history, as each application for credit is recorded. It is with these concerns that I ap-plaud this legislation and ask my col-leagues to support the present legisla-tion that is H.R. 2905, the Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018. The victims are our most important cause. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. YOUNG from Iowa and Ms. S
INEMA from Arizona for this bipartisan legislation; the chair-man of the Judiciary Committee for bringing this to the floor; and my friend, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, from Hous-ton, Texas, for supporting this legisla-tion as well. Mr. Speaker, when the phone rings and a person answers it, if somebody on the other end says they are from the IRS, that brings fear and trepidation into the soul of whoever answers the phone. People fear the IRS for a mul-titude of reasons, so they become vul-nerable to a thief who identifies them-selves as an IRS agent and want to do the right thing. They don’t want to go to jail for an IRS violation, so they co-operate with this criminal on the other end who is a smooth-talking criminal thief, who is trying to steal money from this person. As Ms. J
ACKSON LEEsaid, many times these are the elderly. These are people who have tried to save money over the years; and now the IRS, they think, is coming after them, and they want to cooperate because they want to follow the law. These scammers are just, to me, some of the worst people in our soci-ety. As a former judge and prosecutor, I don’t like thieves—people who steal from others—especially vulnerable peo-ple. This legislation helps in a couple of ways, several ways. It helps the vic-tims understand what their responsi-bility is, and is not, when somebody calls. But it also lets those thieves out there in our country, and other coun-tries, know that we are going to go after them. I mean, $16 billion stolen in one year from 15 million Americans. That is a lot of money. That is a lot of money even for the government. This legislation is vital, it is good legislation, it is bipartisan legislation, and it should pass quickly. The Senate, down the hallway, should take up this bill and pass it as well. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, every year, billions of dollars are stolen from hard-working Americans as a result of identity theft. Tax season is a particularly dangerous time as scammers pretending to be IRS representa-tives, trick victims into giving them money. The bipartisan bill, H.R. 2905 ‘‘Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018,’’ helps ensure that Congress has the informa-tion it needs to make sure that law enforce-ment agencies are employing tactics to hold these criminals accountable and deter future crimes. As tax season comes to a close, millions of Americans are at risk of being exploited by an emerging scheme where scam artists pretend to be IRS agents and harass victims into pro-viding personal information and money. The IRS estimates that more than $65 million has been lost to phone tax scammers in the past five years. These attacks are most common during the high high tax season in March and April. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.028 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3359 April 17, 2018 
Often scammers present themselves as the IRS and trick people into sending them money and personal information. As technology ad-vances so do the scammers. The IRS warned of a sophisticated phone scam targeting tax-payers, including recent immigrants, which has been making the rounds throughout the coun-try. Scammers claim to be IRS employees, using fake names and bogus IRS identification badge numbers. They may know a lot about their targets, and they usually alter the caller ID to make it look like the IRS is calling. Victims are told they owe money to the IRS and it must be paid promptly through a gift card or wire transfer. Victims may be threat-ened with arrest, deportation or suspension of a business or driver’s license. In many cases, the caller becomes hostile and insulting. If the phone isn’t answered, the scammers often leave an ‘‘urgent’’ callback request. Scared and confused, many victims comply with the scammers request out of fear of the repercus-sions. The ‘‘Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018,’’ requires the De-partment of Justice and the Department of Treasury to report to Congress the efforts to combat the serious identity theft problem. The bill requires the DOJ to report on the status of prosecutions of identity theft crimes. It asked for recommendations regarding how this crime is committed, how to improve collaboration with other federal agencies, and how to im-prove law enforcement deterrence and pre-vention of such offenses. It also requires the Department of Treasury to provide a report detailing its current efforts to assist in the prosecution of identity theft where the criminal impersonates IRS personnel and the re-sources they need to facilitate the prosecution of these offenses. This information will provide a helpful insight into how our law enforcement agencies are addressing the problem and what Congress can do to help improve the re-sults. We need to ensure that Americans are being protected from these con artists who tar-get and terrify Americans and that these thieves are held accountable for their criminal activity. That is why I support H.R. 2905, ‘‘Jus-tice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act of 2018.’’ Mr. Speaker, in closing I want to emphasize how important it is that we take important measures to protect against all forms of iden-tity theft. Identity theft can occur in many settings. It can occur in public places where criminals watch you from a nearby location as you punch in your credit card number or listen in on your conversation if you give your credit- card number over the telephone. It can also occur if you receive applications for ‘‘pre-ap-proved’’ credit cards in the mail but discard them without tearing up the enclosed mate-rials. Many people’s information is stolen when they respond to spam emails that promise them some benefit but requests identifying data. In some cases, criminals reportedly have used computer technology to steal large amounts of personal data. With enough identifying information about an individual, a criminal can take over that in-dividual’s identity to conduct a wide range of crimes. False applications for loans and credit cards, fraudulent withdrawals from bank ac-counts, fraudulent use of telephone calling cards, or online accounts. The consequences of identity theft can be severe and can leave a person with no funds to pay for everyday liv-ing costs. Identity fraud can have a significant effect on your credit history. If an identity thief uses your existing credit or applies for new credit, this could leave a footprint of debt or missed payments on your credit report. Even if the criminal applies for credit and is rejected this can still have a negative effect on your credit history as each application for credit is recorded. It is with these concerns in mind that we act on this legislation today. I support this bill and encourage my colleagues to do the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2905, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MOVING AMERICANS PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4403) to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable information, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4403 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFI-ABLE INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 431(c)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1431(c)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2)(A) The information listed in paragraph (1) shall not be available for public disclo-sure if— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of the Treasury makes an affirmative finding on a shipment-by- shipment basis that disclosure is likely to pose a threat of personal injury or property damage; or ‘‘(ii) the information is exempt under the provisions of section 552(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall ensure that any personally identifiable information, includ-ing Social Security account numbers and passport numbers, is removed from any manifest signed, produced, delivered, or elec-tronically transmitted under this section be-fore access to the manifest is provided to the public.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAS-
CRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4403, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak today in support of H.R. 4403, the Mov-ing Americans Privacy Protection Act, a bipartisan, commonsense bill, au-thorized by Congressman J
EFFDENHAM  and gentleman B
ILLPASCRELL . It was favorably reported out of the Ways and Means Committee by a voice vote last week. This legislation will help put an end to the inadvertent disclosure of person-ally identifiable information, such as Social Security numbers and passport numbers that are transmitted on cer-tain shipment documents to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. CBP, as it is called, is required by law to make certain shipment data available to the public, but that infor-mation should not include personally identifiable information which may be erroneously included on shipment doc-uments by carriers. CBP maintains procedures for indi-viduals to request confidential treat-ment for their personal information, but that process is slow. Plus, individ-uals probably would not seek confiden-tial treatment if they don’t realize that their personal information was in-cluded on shipment documents in the first place. Even if the release of such informa-tion is unintended, Federal agencies should not be putting Americans at risk for identity theft, credit card fraud, and unwanted solicitations. We can, and should, do more to protect Americans from such risks and hold Federal agencies accountable. This legislation would do just that by requiring CBP to ensure that such per-sonal information is no longer dis-closed. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman D
ENHAM and my good friend, Congress-man P
ASCRELL , the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Trade, for intro-ducing this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bipartisan bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I speak today in sup-port of the Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act, which would require that U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion ensures that personally identifi-able information is not publicly dis-closed during an international house-hold move. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.019 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3360 April 17, 2018 
Customs is currently required to ade-quately protect personally identifiable information that is provided on, among other things, international shipping documents. In order to fulfill this man-date, Customs currently maintains pro-cedures that allow shippers to request confidential treatment of certain infor-mation. However, it can often take Customs several months to make a determina-tion on such a request. Some deter-minations are not even made until after the information has already been publicly disclosed. That is the problem. As a result, personally identifiable information has been mistakenly dis-closed to the public. This impact has been acutely felt by U.S. civil servants and military personnel, which make up a large percentage of international household moves. Disclosing this information has in-creased the risks that individuals may be the victims of identity theft and credit card fraud. b1315 In my view, the current system at Customs is not working as well as it could or should. I also do not believe that individuals should bear the burden of making a proactive request to Customs to ensure that their personally identifiable infor-mation is not publicly disclosed. We should be able to expect that our gov-ernment will protect such sensitive in-formation. This bill is intended to rectify the problems by mandating that Customs put in place a proactive system that will prevent personally identifiable in-formation from being made public. I call on my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation that has support on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. D
ENHAM ), the coauthor of this legislation. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
EICHERT of the Sub-committee on Trade for yielding and for his work on this important issue. Protecting Americans’ personally identifiable information has been hotly debated in the Halls of Congress this month. Last week, we debated appro-priate limitations on private compa-nies’ access, use, and distribution of private data. This week in the House, we are mov-ing a package of bills to improve the Federal Government’s use of Ameri-cans’ data to ensure that the govern-ment is doing everything to keep its citizens safe. Private companies should not be sell-ing personal information without con-sent, but unequivocally, the Federal Government should not be selling the personal information of its citizens and armed services members. I introduced H.R. 4403, the Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act, to ensure that Federal agencies are tak-ing the necessary extra step of remov-ing Social Security numbers, passport numbers, and ID numbers from ship-ping information. Currently, the Customs and Border Protection agency is not taking this step. In absence of this action, when Amer-icans move internationally, their infor-mation may be erroneously made pub-lic online. Representatives from the Depart-ment of Defense, Department of State, the DEA, and FBI, and others have heard from their employees on numer-ous occasions that their information has been found for sale on the internet through the manifest disclosure proc-ess. Annual Department of Defense moves alone are enormous in scope, with roughly 600,000 servicemembers and their families moving every year, of which 200,000 of those are going inter-national. In 2014 and 2015, the Army’s Surface Deployment and Distribution Com-mand issued separate advisories alert-ing servicemembers to this issue. We must do a better job of protecting our armed servicemembers who are making a sacrifice to wear the cloth of this great Nation. I want to be clear that there is merit to shipping and cargo statistics. We need to make them available for eco-nomic trend analysis, but that does not mean that we put our citizens and Armed Forces at risk in the process. The manifest disclosure process should not be repealed. The CBP should be required to remove the sensitive data. Chairman BRADY and Chairman R
EICHERT have identified this issue and unanimously reported the bill out of the committee last week. It is good governance and bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colead, Congressman P
ASCRELL , for his work on this bill, and I urge its pas-sage. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, today is tax day, as if you didn’t know that, and newly filed FEC reports show that the President’s campaign paid his businesses $150,000 in the first quarter of this year, including $68,000 to the Trump Hotel in D.C., and $58,000 for rent. Lobbyists in foreign governments continue to spend money at these ho-tels. We have no way of verifying what that income looks like or where it is coming from. Candidate Trump said on the cam-paign trail: ‘‘My whole life I have been greedy, greedy, greedy. I have grabbed all the money I could get. I am so greedy.’’ Since the election, we have witnessed not just his own conflicts of self-en-richment at taxpayers’ expense, but petty graft from members of his Cabi-net and his administration, lavish trav-el on military jets and first-class tick-ets for personal reasons, and expensive office decorations. Lobbyists have been welcomed into agencies to write their own regulations. His campaign and White House is filled with the ranks of people who al-ready have pleaded guilty; Michael Flynn, who sold his connections to Russia and Turkish dictators while working for Mr. Trump; and so many other associates and their connections to foreign governments as leverage, and that is potentially a conflict of in-terest. Bribery and grift might have a place in a crime family, but it has no place in the Office of the President or in the Congress of the United States, and this Congress has been absolutely derelict and complicit in the unprecedented conflicts of this Presidency. Since February of 2017, I have been calling on the chairman of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means to request the President’s tax returns, which he has the authority to do under section 6103 of the Tax Code. I have called up resolutions. Eighteen times the com-mittee and this House have voted against seeing the President’s tax re-turns. Why? Why did the President support giving rich people and corporations a giant tax cut? Why is he letting Wall Street and Big Oil write their own rules? Why are his children still running his com-pany? Why has he not divested, as he was told to do by the ethics commis-sioner? President Trump seems to have an unhealthy admiration for authori-tarian leaders. He seems to have a vi-sion of turning America into an econ-omy and government run by his own greedy and connected circle of oligarchs. But subverting our democ-racy for personal gain while Congress looks the other way is poisonous to our republic and our democracy and it is an anthema to our values. Today is tax day, the 452nd day of Mr. Trump’s Presidency and the 452nd day this Congress has let him off the hook. I call on the chairman of Ways and Means to stop delaying and get Mr. Trump’s tax returns now, like every other President for the past several decades. The American people demand it. We owe it to our democracy to shed light on his conflicts. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  an article from New York magazine. 
[From New York Magazine, April 1, 2018] 501 D
AYS IN SWAMPLAND  (By Joy Crane and Nick Tabor, Introduction by David Cay Johnston) On the day he took the oath of office, Don-ald Trump delivered two messages about what to expect from his administration. First came the lofty promise of his inaugural address. ‘‘The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer,’’ he vowed. ‘‘For too long, a small group in our nation’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.031 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3361 April 17, 2018 
cost. Washington flourished—but the people did not share in its wealth.’’ The second message, which Trump deliv-ered without speaking a word, was aimed at a much smaller, but very rich, audience. As the new president’s motorcade left the Cap-itol, rolling past knots of supporters and pro-testers, it suddenly stopped three blocks short of the White House. Trump, the First Lady, and the rest of his family got out of their limos and took a three-minute turn in the middle of Pennsylvania Avenue. This was no random spot. The very first place Trump headed after being sworn in— his true destination all along, in a sense— was the Old Post Office and Clock Tower, which only 12 days before the election had been repurposed as the Trump International Hotel Washington. The elegant granite structure, whose architectural character Trump had promised to preserve, was now besmirched by a gaudy, faux-gold sign bear-ing his name. The carefully choreographed stop sent a clear signal to the foreign gov-ernments, lobbyists, and corporate interests keen on currying favor in Washington. Oil companies, mining interests, insurance executives, foreign diplomats, and defense contractors all rushed to book their annual conferences at Trump’s hotels and resorts, where Cabinet members graciously addressed them. After hiking the nightly rate to $653— 32 percent higher than other local luxury ho-tels—Trump collected $2 million in profits from the property during his first three months in office. By last August, the hotel’s bar and restaurant had hauled in another $8 million in revenue. And although Trump has pledged to give away any money his hotels earn from foreign governments, the plan con-tains a lucrative loophole: Employees at his hotels admit that they make no effort to identify guests who represent other coun-tries, meaning that much of the foreign money spent at Trump’s properties flows di-rectly into his own pockets. On March 28, a federal judge allowed a lawsuit to go forward that charges Trump with violating the Con-stitution by accepting money from foreign governments at his D.C. hotel. In fact, although Trump refuses to disclose the details of his myriad business operations, he continues to enjoy access to every dime he makes as president. Instead of setting up a blind trust to avoid conflicts of interest, as other presidents have done, Trump put his two grown sons in charge of his more than 500 business entities. His sons regularly brief Trump about how the enterprises are doing. What’s more, only 15 days after this ‘‘eyes wide open’’ trust was set up, Trump amended the fine print to allow him to take money out of the operation any time he pleases. The loophole, buried on page 161 of the 166–page form, stipulates that any ‘‘net income or principal’’ can be distributed to Trump ‘‘at his request.’’ Far from putting his wealth in a blind trust, Trump asked the public for its blind trust, effectively sticking his money in a piggy bank in Don Jr.’s room that he is free to raid at any hour of the day or night. Trump’s children are working hard to cash in on his time in office—especially with for-eign investors. At taxpayer expense, they have flown to Uruguay, the Dominican Re-public, Dubai, and India in search of licens-ing and real-estate deals, trading on the president’s influence in exchange for invest-ments. But the biggest complication of Trump’s presidency—and the one he works hardest to keep secret—is the way his entire business operation is mired in massive debt. Rather than being independently wealthy, public records show, Trump and the business partnerships in which he is a leading inves-tor owe big banks and foreign governments at least $2.3 billion—far more than his disclo-sure reports indicate. His largest single loan—for nearly $1 billion—is from a syn-dicate assembled by Goldman Sachs that in-cludes the state-owned Bank of China If ei-ther Trump or Jared Kushner, who tried to shake down Qatar’s finance minister for a loan, winds up needing to negotiate new terms on his ballooning debt, America could find itself being dictated to by a foreign gov-ernment—all because the White House, thanks to Trump’s business model, has be-come a true House of Cards. What follows is 501 days of official corrup-tion, from small-time graft and brazen influ-ence peddling to full-blown raids on the fed-eral Treasury. But as even this initial glimpse makes clear, Trump isn’t draining the swamp—he’s monetizing it.—David Cay Johnston 
TRUMP ’S HOTEL IN D .C. 2016 12/7 Diplomats from Bahrain move the country’s National Day celebration from the Ritz-Carlton to the ballroom at the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. 2017 1/20 A watchdog group calls on the General Services Administration, a federal agency, to stop leasing the Old Post Office to Trump for use as the hotel. The agency’s ethics divi-sion, which reports to Trump, rules that the $180 million deal is fine. 1/23 Saudi Arabia holds a bash at the hotel after renting rooms for lobbyists for five months. Trump’s haul: $270,000. 2/25 The Kuwaiti Embassy, reportedly pres-sured by the Trump Organization, moves its National Day celebration from the Four Sea-sons to Trump’s hotel. 3/1 The National Railroad Construction and Maintenance Association hosts a dinner at the hotel, drenched in Trump-branded coffee and wine. 3/22 The American Petroleum Institute holds its board meeting at Trump’s hotel, where it meets with EPA chief Scott Pruitt. A month later, Pruitt suspends drilling regu-lations. 5/1 Rates at the hotel jump to $653 per night, a price hike of 60 percent since Trump’s election. 5/21 A Turkish government council holds its annual conference at the hotel. The group’s chair founded the company that paid $530,000 to former national-security adviser Michael Flynn for lobbying work. 7/17 E-cigarette-makers hold their annual conference at the hotel. Ten days later, the FDA announces it will delay federal over-sight of e-cigarettes until 2022. 8/11 A federal agency accidentally posts the hotel’s Q1 profits: $2 million. 9/13 Staffers for Linda McMahon, head of the Small Business Administration, try to cover up the fact that she addressed a busi-ness lobbying event at the hotel, avoiding images of hotel signs bearing Trump’s name when posting photos of the event on Twitter. 9/28 The Fund for American Studies, a con-servative organization, hosts a lunch at the hotel. The keynote speaker, Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, thanks Trump’s staff for helping him get confirmed. 10/4 At its annual board meeting, the Na-tional Mining Association is addressed by three Cabinet members: Commerce Sec-retary Wilbur Ross, Labor Secretary Alex-ander Acosta, and Energy Secretary Rick Perry. ‘‘Coal is fighting back,’’ Perry exults over breakfast with the country’s top mining executives. ‘‘Clearly the president wants to revive, not revile, this vital resource. ‘‘Five days later, the Trump administration an-nounces the repeal of Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which would have encouraged states to replace coal with wind and solar energy. The plan would have cut climate-warming pollu-tion from coal plants by a third and saved taxpayers and consumers as much as $93 bil-lion a year. The venue for the mining board’s meeting: the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. 10/5 A commercial real-estate trade asso-ciation hosts an awards gala at Trump’s hotel, sponsored by a roster of prominent lobbying agents. 10/11 The American Legislative Exchange Council, a powerful conservative lobbying group with ties to the Koch brothers, an-nounces that the venue for its 45th-anniver-sary gala will be Trump’s hotel. The group requests corporate sponsorships of up to $100,000. 2018 3/5 The Independent Petroleum Association of America holds a three-day lobbying event at the hotel. 3/28 A federal judge declines to stop a law-suit that accuses Trump of violating the Constitution by accepting money from for-eign governments at his hotel. 
MAR-A-LAGO  ‘‘The ornate Jazz Age house was designed with Old-World Spanish, Venetian, and Por-tuguese influences.’’—From a state depart-ment promo online 2016 12/31 Mar-a-Lago hosts a New Year’s Eve party with Trump, priced at $525 a ticket. His take for the night: $400,000. 2017 1/1 The resort quietly doubles its initiation fee to $200,000—a potential haul of $2 million. In return, club members get access to the president on a par with White House offi-cials. 4/4 The State Department runs an online promotion for Mar-a-Lago, which is also picked up by embassy websites in England and Albania. 4/6 Trump and Ivanka meet with Chinese president Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago. That same day, China approves trademarks for three of Ivanka’s brands. 6/16 Financial-disclosure filings show that Trump’s revenues from the resort soared by 25 percent during his presidential run. 7/17 The administration increases the allot-ment of H2–B visas for foreign workers. Within days, Mar-a-Lago applies for 76 of the new visas—even though a local jobs agency has 5,100 applicants qualified to fill the open-ings. 11/10 The Republican Attorneys General Association, which has spent more than $75,000 at Trump’s properties in five months, holds a reception at Mar-a-Lago. It later forms a ‘‘working group’’ to partner with the Trump administration to roll back environ-mental protections. 12/9 Oxbow Carbon, a major energy com-pany that would benefit from the Keystone XL pipeline, holds its annual holiday gala at Mar-a-Lago. 12/31 Trump boosts ticket prices for his New Year’s Eve bash to $750. Taxpayers foot the $26,000 bill for lights, generators, and tent rental. 2018 1/9 The Trump administration opens off-shore drilling in all but one state: Florida, where oil and gas exploration could hurt business at Mar-a-Lago. 2/18 Reports reveal that Trump regularly solicits input from Mar-a-Lago members on everything from gun control to Jared Kushner’s favorability. 2/26 An Israel-focused charity, the Truth About Israel, relocates its gala to Mar-a- Lago in appreciation of the president’s sup-port for Israel. 
TRUMP ’S OTHER PROPERTIES & INVESTMENTS  2016 11/14 In a call with Argentina’s president, Mauricio Macri, Trump reportedly pushes for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.016 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3362 April 17, 2018 
approval to build a Trump Tower in down-town Buenos Aires Ivanka Trump, who over-sees the family business with her brothers, sits in on the call. 2017 1/24 Trump signs an executive order to fast- track the Dakota Access Pipeline. He claims to have sold the stock he owns in the pipe-line’s builders—as much as $300,000—but of-fers no proof. 1/27 Trump issues the travel ban but leaves off Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Egypt—coun-tries where he has significant business inter-ests. His company was paid as much as $10 million for use of his name on a tower in Istanbul, and he registered eight new busi-nesses in Saudi Arabia during his campaign. 2/3 Trump, who owned as much as $5 mil-lion in bank stocks in 2016, orders the Treas-ury secretary to consider ways to roll back regulations on banks. The value of bank stocks soars nearly 30 percent during his first year in office. 2/14 Trump, who owned stock in large oil companies, allows oil companies to hide the payments they make to foreign governments in exchange for extraction rights. The move comes only two months after ExxonMobil, which lobbied for the concession, donated $500,000 to Trump’s inauguration. 2/21 Angela Chen, a consultant with ties to China’s ruling elite, buys a $16 million pent-house in a Trump-owned property. 2/28 Trump, who owns 12 golf courses in the U.S., rolls back a rule that limits water pol-lution by golf courses. 4/29 Overriding diplomatic concerns, Trump invites Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte to the White House. To gain favor with Trump, Duterte had appointed the president’s partner on the Trump Tower in Manila as his economic envoy to the U.S. 5/7 The Metals Service Center Institute, which is pushing the Commerce Department for steel tariffs, holds its annual conference at Trump’s resort in Miami. 5/16 The Republican Governors Association holds a conference at Trump’s golf club in Miami, where members strategize with cor-porate executives over how to persuade the new administration to dismantle environ-mental regulations and enact other business- friendly moves. Trump’s take for the con-ference: $400,000. 5/19 Trump proposes slashing HUD’s budg-et—but retains a subsidy that has poured more than $490 million into a housing com-plex in Brooklyn where Trump has a finan-cial stake. 6/16 Lynne Patton, an event planner and friend of the Trump family with no experi-ence in housing, is put in charge of the HUD region covering New York and New Jersey— giving her a senior position in the agency that disburses federal subsidies to a Brook-lyn housing complex from which Trump made $5 million in 2016. (Patton recused her-self from matters involving the complex, after a congressional committee sent a letter to HUD.)* 8/2 Activists protest against JPMorgan Chase, which lobbied to slash the corporate tax rate while paying Trump $1.5 million a year in rent at one of his office buildings. 9/19 Report reveals that the Pentagon spends $130,000 a month in rent at Trump Tower—more than twice as much as other tenants. 10/9 Trump International Hotel in Chicago hosts a two-day conference for the manufac-turing industry. 10/10 An insurance-industry trade associa-tion holds its four-day annual conference at Trump’s resort in Miami. 10/16 GEO Group, the nation’s largest for- profit prison company, holds its annual con-ference at the Trump National Doral. The company poured $450,000 into Trump’s cam-paign and inauguration after Obama an-nounced plans to end all federal contracts with private prisons. GEO also hired two of Jeff Sessions’s former aides, plus a former Trump Organization employee, as lobbyists. The investment paid off: A month after Trump took office, he ended the ban on pri-vate prisons. GEO received a $110 million contract to build a new immigration jail in Texas, plus $44 million a year to operate it. Earlier this year, the federal Bureau of Pris-ons announced it would slash some 6,000 jobs and transfer more inmates to private facili-ties. 10/18 Defense contractor L3 Technologies holds its annual meeting at Trump National Doral. L3 depends on government largesse for 84 percent of its revenue. 10/19 In a break with tradition, Trump per-sonally interviews candidates for U.S. attor-ney in the districts that cover most of his business dealings. For the New York posi-tion, he ultimately chooses one of his cam-paign donors. 11/7 Trump hawks his golf course during a major speech to South Korea’s legislature. 11/8 A payday-lender lobbying group an-nounces it will hold its 2018 annual con-ference at the Trump National Doral. Two months later, the administration announces it is considering scrapping a rule that re-quires payday lenders to stop taking advan-tage of clients who cannot pay off their loans. 2018 1/2 A judge rules that Starrett City, a hous-ing complex in Brooklyn that Trump owns a stake in, can be sold to private developers. The sale is expected to net Trump $14 million after the administration approves it.* 2/21 Mississippi awards $6 million in tax breaks to a new Trump-branded hotel. 
FAMILY & FRIENDS  ‘‘The company and policy and government are completely separated. We have built an unbelievable wall in between the two.’’—Eric Trump 2016 11/13 While appearing on 60 Minutes to dis-cuss her father’s election, Ivanka Trump wears a $10,800 bracelet from her jewelry company. After the interview, the company sends out a ‘‘style alert’’ promoting the bracelet to reporters. 12/6 Firm founded by Melania Trump’s friend and adviser Stephanie Winston Wolkoff receives $26 million for helping plan the inauguration. 2017 1/5 Eric Trump jets to Uruguay to check on an unfinished Trump condo tower. The trip costs taxpayers $97,830. 2/5 Eric Trump spends $200,000 in taxpayer money to jet to the Dominican Republic to push for a Trump-branded project. The deal— which would put Trump’s name on 17 high- rises—violates a Dominican height limit for new resorts. It also breaks Trump’s vow not to seek overseas deals during his presidency. The Dominican president personally ap-proves the high-rises. ‘‘Here in the palace, the president’s thoughts are that this U.S president is angry and we better not get in his way,’’ a former Dominican ambassador explains. ‘‘We don’t want to cross him.’’ 2/6 Melania’s lawyers, suing a British paper for libel, argue its reporting ruined her ‘‘once-in-a-lifetime opportunity’’ to mone-tize her position as First Lady by cashing in on ‘‘multi-million-dollar business relation-ships.’’ 2/9 Kellyanne Conway offers ‘‘free commer-cial’’ for Ivanka’s clothing line on Fox News. ‘‘Go buy it today, everybody.’’ Trump refuses to discipline her, defying recommendation of his own ethics agency. 2/18 Taxpayers pay $16,000 to provide secu-rity for Eric Trump and Donald Jr. during their trip to open a Trump-branded golf course in Dubai. The event is invitation- only. 3/3 Jared Kushner meets with the CEO of Citigroup, which is lobbying to loosen finan-cial regulations. Citigroup subsequently lends Kushner’s company $325 million to de-velop a group of office buildings in Brooklyn. 3/9 Kushner fails to disclose his ownership of Cadre, a real-estate start-up. The firm’s value shot up by millions of dollars after he entered the White House. 3/20 Eric’s wife posts a photo on Instagram of the family’s weeklong ski vacation in Aspen. Taxpayers were charged $330,000 for security details and another $200,000 for lux-ury lodgings. 3/20 Ivanka, refusing to place her assets in a blind trust, sets up shop in the West Wing. 4/24 Kushner’s family tries to broker fund-ing for his real-estate ventures with Qatar’s finance minister. The minister declines. A month later, Kushner supports diplomatic actions against Qatar. 5/4 State Department and Voice of America promote Ivanka’s book Women Who Work 5/5 Trump extends fast-track visas for for-eigners who invest $500,000 in U.S. properties. The next day, Kushner’s sister promises visas to Chinese investors if they put $500,000 into the family’s properties in New Jersey. 5/17 Kushner’s company is subpoenaed by federal prosecutors and the SEC for its pro-motion of the investment-for-visa program. 7/21 CNN finds that even after his family business apologizes for name-dropping Kushner at a marketing event in Beijing, it highlights his White House role in an online sales pitch to Chinese investors. 10/3 Kushner fined $200 for missing a disclo-sure deadline. To date, he has been forced to change his disclosure form 39 times for fail-ing to mention potential conflicts of inter-est. 10/4 ProPublica investigation reveals that after Manhattan DA Cyrus Vance dropped a criminal investigation against Donald Jr. and Ivanka, their attorney arranged a fund- raiser on Vance’s behalf, donating $32,000 himself and raising at least $9,000 more. 11/1 Apollo Global Management lends Kushner’s real-estate company $184 million— triple the size of its average loan—after meeting with him in the White House six weeks later, the SEC drops investigation into Apollo’s finances. 12/3 Kushner is exposed for failing to dis-close that his family’s foundation—which he led for nine years—funded an illegal Israeli settlement on the West Bank. Just before Trump took office, Kushner tried to sway a U.N. vote against an anti-settlement resolu-tion. 2018 2/20 Donald Jr. tours India to sell Trump- branded homes; several newspapers run an ad promising a ‘‘conversation and dinner’’ with him—for an additional fee of $30,000. 
OFFICIALS & THEIR PALS  ‘‘We are going to send the special interests packing.’’—Donald Trump 2017 1/19 During his confirmation as Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin fails to disclose a hedge fund he registered in the Cayman Is-lands to avoid paying federal taxes—the very thing he is supposed to collect as Treasury secretary. 1/24 During his confirmation as secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price fails to disclose an insider deal he got on $520,000 in stock in a biotech company. As secretary, he will be in a position to approve a drug the company has developed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.017 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3363 April 17, 2018 
2/9 Reports reveal that a top White House aide, Chris Liddell, participated in meetings between Trump and the CEOs of 18 compa-nies in which he held large amounts of stock—a possible criminal offense. The com-panies included Lockheed Martin, Walmart, JPMorgan Chase, and Dow Chemical. 3/16 Congressional investigators reveal that Trump’s former national-security adviser Michael Flynn—who wanted to ‘‘rip up’’ American sanctions on Russia—failed to re-port $45,000 in fees he received from the Rus-sian state media outlet RT. 4/14 The White House stops releasing logs of visitors, concealing trips made by lobby-ists and corporate executives. In Trump’s first two months alone, by one estimate, more than 500 executives and foreign leaders made unrecorded visits to the White House. 6/29 HUD Secretary Ben Carson tours Balti-more—accompanied by prospective business associates being courted by his son. One ad-ministrator on the tour later offers Carson’s daughter-in-law a contract worth $500,000. 11/5 New reports reveal that during his con-firmation hearings, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross failed to disclose that a shipping firm he owns a stake in has close ties to Vladimir Putin’s son-in-law. His new job puts him in charge of American trade policy with Russia. 12/18 Under pressure from watchdogs, EPA chief Scott Pruitt terminates a $120,000 con-tract for a firm he has worked with in the past to dig up information on EPA staffers who had criticized him or his policies. 12/22 ‘‘You all just got a lot richer,’’ Trump tells wealthy patrons at Mar-a-Lago hours after signing a massive tax giveway to the superrich. The bill saved Trump $15 million in taxes and Jared Kushner $12 million. It also enriched much of Trump’s inner circle— including Linda McMahon, Betsy DeVos, Steven Mnuchin, and Rex Tillerson. 2018 1/12 Performant Financial is one of only two companies awarded $400 million in con-tracts from the Education Department to collect on defaulted student loans. One nota-ble former investor in Performant: Edu-cation Secretary Betsy DeVos. 1/31 CDC chief Brenda Fitzgerald is forced to resign over her purchase of stock in one of the world’s largest tobacco companies. She bought the shares a month after taking over the agency tasked with reducing tobacco use. 2/1 William Emanuel, a Trump appointee to the National Labor Relations Board, is in-vestigated for a possible ethics violation after he votes on a case involving his former law firm. His tie-breaking vote would have made it harder for employees at franchises like McDonald’s to hold their parent compa-nies accountable for labor-law violations, but the decision is thrown out because of his conflict of interest. 3/29 ABC News reports that EPA chief Pru-itt spent much of his first year in Wash-ington living in a townhouse co-owned by the wife of J. Steven Hart, a top energy lob-byist. Hart lobbied the EPA on several poli-cies last year, including coal regulations and limits on air pollution. 
LOBBYIST & OTHER SLEAZE  ‘‘We’re going to end the government cor-ruption, and we’re going to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C.’’—Donald Trump 2017 1/17 Scott Mason, a key member of Trump’s transition team, returns to lobbying—one of nine transition-team members to violate Trump’s pledge that he would bar such re-volving-door moves for at least six months. One of Mason’s clients, Peabody Energy, later helps dream up a coal-industry bailout promoted by Energy Secretary Rick Perry. 1/23 Trump appoints Jeffrey Wood, a lob-byist for a coal polluter, to prosecute envi-ronmental crimes like coal pollution. 2/6 Lauren Maddox, who guided Betsy DeVos through her confirmation process for Education secretary, is hired by a for-profit law school to help restore its access to fed-eral student loans. After paying $130,000 in lobbying fees, the school gets its wish: The Education Department agrees to reconsider its eligiblity for millions in loans. 2/27 Billionaire Carl Icahn, an unpaid ad-viser to Trump, submits a regulatory pro-posal that would raise the value of his in-vestment in an oil refinery. During Trump’s first six weeks in office, Icahn makes an extra $60 million on the deal. 4/12 Marcus Peacock, a policy expert in Trump’s budget office, takes a job lobbying the budget office for the Business Round-table, which represents zoo of America’s largest corporations. Trump makes no move to enforce the five-year moratorium he vowed to place on such revolving-door moves. 5/19 Trump nominates K. T. McFarland, ad-viser who once siphoned off $14,000 in cam-paign funds for ‘‘personal use,’’ as ambas-sador to Singapore. 8/1 A top aide to EPA chief Scott Pruitt, who oversees federal grants worth hundreds of millions of dollars, receives permission to work as a consultant for private clients. De-spite his influence over public policy, the identities of his clients will be kept secret. 8/15 Two Trump campaign operatives reg-ister a new lobbying firm, Turnberry Solu-tions, named after the Scottish town where Trump owns a golf club. Its first client, Elio Motors, hires it to help obtain government handouts. 10/17 Whitefish Energy, a Montana firm that employed the son of Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, is awarded $300 million in a no- bid federal contract to restore storm-bat-tered Puerto Rico. 10/26 Trump nominates J. Steven Gardner, a coal-industry consultant, to oversee en-forcement of strip-mining regulations. The Senate winds up rejecting the nomination. 11/8 Kirstjen Nielsen, Trump’s pick to head the Department of Homeland Security, was guided through her confirmation by a lob-byist whose clients compete for DHS con-tracts. Privatizing the ‘‘sherpa’’ role in con-firmations—work long performed by govern-ment staffers—opens up a brazen new fron-tier in corruption. The lobbyist, Thad Binge, oversaw the drafting of official policy memos and was included on emails between the DHS and the White House, enabling him to exploit internal information for private gain. Among Bingel’s clients is an Israeli defense con-tractor being paid $145 million by DHS to build part of Trump’s ‘‘virtual wall’’ along the Mexican border. 12/6 A photographer at the Department of Energy is fired after leaking a photo that shows Rick Perry receiving a confidential ‘‘action plan’’ from a coal magnate in March. The plan is a blueprint for the coal-industry bailout that Perry announced in September. 2018 1/12 Trump gives Kenneth Allen, a former mining executive who still profits from coal sales to the Tennessee Valley Authority, a seat on the TVA board. 1/29 Alex Azar, a former lobbyist who worked his way up to the presidency of a drug company, is sworn in as secretary of Health and Human Services. Azar, whose company hiked the price of insulin and other drugs under his watch, is now in charge of making drugs more affordable. 2/12 Carl Icahn, who served as an unpaid ad-viser to Trump, sells $30 million in steel stocks just before Trump announces tariffs on steel imports. 2/18 Dina Powell, who advised Trump on foreign policy, returns to Goldman Sachs only two months after leaving the White House. At Goldman, she will focus on ‘‘en-hancing the firm’s relationships’’ with some of the same foreign governments she advised Trump on. 3/2 Trump nominates Peter Wright, an at-torney for Dow Chemical, to lead the EPA’s regulation of chemical spills. Dow has 100 polluted sites that Wright would be in charge of cleaning up. PETTY GRAFT  2107 2/28 The State Department spends $15,000 in taxpayer money for the grand opening of a Trump hotel in Vancouver, an event at-tended by Eric, Tiffany, and Donald Jr. 4/14 Trump jets to Mar-a-Lago via Air Force One at a cost to taxpayers of $142,380 per hour. For years, Trump heckled Presi-dent Obama for taking vacations and golfing trips at government expense. If elected, he vowed, he would ‘‘rarely leave the White House, because there’s so much work to be done.’’ In fact, during his first three months in office, Trump’s taxpayer-funded flights to his private properties exceeded $20 million— on track to quickly surpass the amount Obama spent on travel during his eight years in office. Trump made more than 90 visits to his golf courses and played almost twice as much golf as Obama. His family joined in, re-quiring Secret Service agents to rack up an extra 4,054 days of taxpayer-funded travel to keep up. 5/16 Rick Perry and his staffers take a pri-vate Jet to a small-business forum in Kansas City, at a cost to taxpayers of $35,000, rather than taking a nonstop flight to the airport 45 minutes away from the event. 6/2 David Shulkin’s chief of staff falsifies an email to suggest that the VA secretary needed to travel to Europe to receive an award. Shulkin’s 11-day trip with his wife, most of which was devoted to sightseeing, cost taxpayers $122,344. 6/7 Scott Pruitt, the EPA chief, spends $36,000 in taxpayer money to take a military plane to New York. 6/24 Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin marries Louise Linton and requests a mili-tary plane for their honeymoon to Europe— at a cost to taxpayers of $25,000 per hour. 6/26 Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke spends $12,375 in taxpayer money to fly home aboard a private flight from Las Vegas, where he hung out with a hockey team owned by his biggest campaign donor. 7/7 Zinke uses $6,250 in taxpayer money for a helicopter flight from Virginia to Wash-ington, D.C.—a three-hour car ride—for a horse-riding date with Mike Pence. 8/4 HHS Secretary Tom Price takes a pri-vate jet at taxpayer expense to St. Simons Island, an exclusive resort where he owns land. The trip, like many of the 26 flights Price took on corporate jets, could have been accomplished with a routine commercial flight. 8/21 Mnuchin and his wife travel to Ken-tucky aboard a government plane, at a cost to taxpayers of $33,000, to watch the solar eclipse. 8/30 EPA chief Pruitt spends $43,000 to build a soundproof phone booth in his office, ena-bling him to hold secret conversations with lobbyists and corporate executives. The Gov-ernment Accountability Office is inves-tigating whether the move violated agency spending rules. 9/29 HHS Secretary Price is forced to resign over the nearly $1 million in taxpayer money he spent taking military planes and private jets, often to visit family and friends. 2018 2/27 HUD Secretary Ben Carson spends $196,000 on a dinette set and lounge furniture, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.018 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3364 April 17, 2018 
exceeding the $5,000 legal limit for office im-provements. 3/7 Zinke spends $139,000 to renovate his of-fice doors at Interior. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, while I respect my good friend’s right to voice his opinion and I respect the fact that he shared that in-formation with us, I am disappointed, however, that he chose this moment to make those comments. This is a bipartisan bill. In fact, last week, in the Ways and Means Com-mittee, the information and the com-ments shared by members on both sides of the aisle were ideas that were shared that were bipartisan in nature. The bill was talked about in a positive way, and it was my hope today that we could have that same congeniality on the floor today rather than take a left turn into the land of the President’s taxes, because today we are talking about Americans and the need to protect their identity, and I think that is what Americans want to hear, is how is Con-gress able to help them today. So from this side of the aisle today, Mr. Speaker, we are focused on just that. We are focused on passing H.R. 4403, the Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act. It is a straightforward, common-sense, and once again I will say it, bi-partisan, unusual in this day and age, but true in this case. It puts an end to the inadvertent dis-closure of personally identifiable infor-mation contained on shipment docu-ments to CBP and holds the agency ac-countable. The American people want to know that we are doing this kind of work. This is a good piece of legislation that protects their identification, and helps the CBP and Congress by giving the language to Congress to hold the CBP accountable. We are committed to providing legis-lative solutions that help protect Americans from having their identities stolen, and this bill does just that. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4403, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. REQUIRING NOTICE FROM SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY IN CASE OF A TAXPAYER ASSIST-ANCE CENTER CLOSURE Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5440) to require no-tice from the Secretary of the Treasury in the case of any closure of a Tax-payer Assistance Center, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5440 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NOTICE FROM IRS REGARDING CLO-SURE OF TAXPAYER ASSISTANCE CENTERS. 
Not later than 90 days before the date that a proposed closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center would take effect, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall— (1) make publicly available (including by non-electronic means) a notice which— (A) identifies the Taxpayer Assistance Cen-ter proposed for closure and the date of such proposed closure, and (B) identifies the relevant alternative sources of taxpayer assistance which may be utilized by taxpayers affected by such pro-posed closure, and (2) submit to Congress a written report that includes— (A) the information included in the notice described in paragraph (1), (B) the reasons for such proposed closure, and (C) such other information as the Sec-retary may determine appropriate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D
AVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 5440, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Taxpayer Assistance Centers, or TACs, are taxpayer service facilities operated by the IRS across the country. In 2017, more than 350 TAC locations provided face-to-face services to more than 3.2 million taxpayers. TACs can assist taxpayers in making payments, answering questions about their account, and other services. These offices provide valuable services for taxpayers to assist them in ful-filling their tax responsibilities. TAC employees are often the only face tax-payers see in their routine interactions with the IRS. As the IRS has moved more services online, the agency has made numerous changes to the operations of TACs. Last year, all TACs nationwide moved to an appointment system that dras-tically cut down on wait times. H.R. 5440 provides important im-provements and transparency for the millions of taxpayers who visit TACs every year. This important bill ensures that impacted communities are pro-vided at least 90 days notice prior to the closure of a TAC. Late last year, the TAC in Hunts-ville, Alabama, closed suddenly. This closure created problems for taxpayers right at the start of filing season. b1330 Local taxpayers did not know that the office had closed, with some driv-ing 50 miles to the TAC, only to find a sign on the door directing them to an-other office 70 miles away. As you can imagine, this can be incredibly disrup-tive for all taxpayers, but particularly those in rural areas. Fortunately, last month, the office recently reopened, al-beit at significantly reduced hours. The requisite 90 days’ advance public notice under this bill is required to be both through online means, but also nonelectronic means as well. This can be accomplished through the use of local news or radio, posting notice at the local library, or other methods. This notice must provide information on alternative ways for taxpayers to obtain assistance. Today, ensuring the IRS can address the needs of taxpayers wherever they are is critically important, while the IRS needs flexibility to allocate scarce resources. This bill marks an impor-tant step to providing transparency for those impacted. I would like to thank my colleagues, Congresswoman KAREN HANDEL and Congressman T
OM O’HALLERAN , for their time and attention on this impor-tant issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we recognize tax day today, it is fitting that we advance a bill that recognizes Taxpayer Assist-ance Centers are the primary face of the Internal Revenue Service in local communities. H.R. 5440 was jointly introduced by Representative K
AREN HANDEL from Georgia and Representative T
OM O’H
ALLERAN from Arizona. It simply requires public and congressional noti-fication prior to any closures of these critical centers. Taxpayer Assistance Centers, or TACs, provide in-person help to tax-payers on a wide range of issues, in-cluding making payments, resolving questions, and authenticating identity. They are IRS employees who know the law and provide high-caliber assistance locally. In fiscal year 2017, TACs served ap-proximately 3.2 million taxpayers, down from 4.3 million served the prior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.018 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3365 April 17, 2018 
year. Unfortunately, this decline can be tied, in part, to the IRS’ recent prioritization of online services over in-person assistance. This shift is evi-dent in multiple ways: It is evident in the closure of 30 TACs since 2011, a reduction of over 7 per-cent; It is evident in the substantial reduc-tion in TAC staffing, a decline of about 30 percent during the same period that the centers were closed; It is evident in the rigid requirement of appointment-only assistance, with-out allowing walk-in help, even just to pay one’s taxes. Indeed, the Taxpayer Advocate noted that about 30 percent of all TACs have either zero or one em-ployee, resulting in virtual closures in about 111 sites. These reductions impose hardships on local communities and limit tax-payers’ rights to quality service. These reductions in access and the resulting community disruption concern tax-payers as well as Members of Congress. H.R. 5440 is a commonsense bill that requires the IRS to provide public no-tice, including through nonelectronic means, 90 days prior to the closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center. This no-tice ensures that affected taxpayers are aware of closures as well as informa-tion on alternative forms of assistance that is available. Importantly, the Sec-retary of the Treasury must notify Congress of the closure and provide the reasons for closing the TAC. Face-to-face assistance is a critical element of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice. Many tax issues cannot be resolved via a website or a brief phone call. Tax-payer Assistance Centers are vital to our tax system, and I urge my col-leagues to support this commonsense legislation to ensure public and con-gressional notification prior to any clo-sures of centers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 5 minutes to the gentle-woman from Georgia (Mrs. H
ANDEL ), who has provided great leadership on this bill. Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, as Americans file their taxes today, it is the very last time they will do so under the old, unfair Tax Code. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, hardworking Americans are already seeing the bene-fits of lower tax rates and a stronger economic growth: take-home pay has increased; companies are investing in infrastructure, R&D, and people, with billions of dollars in bonuses and pay increases, and even enhanced benefits. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also makes our Tax Code less complex and makes the process of filing out our tax returns easier and less daunting. This time next year, in addition to most Americans paying less in taxes, most Americans will find that the tax forms are simpler and the process less com-plex. Even so, Mr. Speaker, tax day will still come, and people across this coun-try will still need to turn to the IRS for help and for answers about their taxes. That is why I am here today to speak in support of H.R. 5440. This bi-partisan legislation, introduced to-gether with my colleague from Ari-zona, Representative O’HALLERAN , whom I thank, holds the IRS account-able for putting its customers, the tax-payers, first. IRS Taxpayer Assistance Centers provide important services to tax-payers. Through over 300 centers across the country, millions of Americans re-ceive free, personal, in-person tax as-sistance each year. All too often, however, these centers are closed with little to no notice, leav-ing taxpayers to generally fend for themselves. H.R. 5440 requires the IRS to provide adequate public notice about any proposed closure and ensures that impacted taxpayers in that community will still have access to assistance. Most of us dread even the thought of having to deal with the IRS, but today, through a package of bipartisan bills, Congress is moving forward to redesign and restructure the IRS so that its top priority is putting its customers first. H.R. 5440 is one aspect of these impor-tant reforms to refocus the IRS. Again, I thank Representative O’H
ALLERAN and the entire Ways and Means Committee for their hard work on this legislation, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ), the lead Democratic co-sponsor. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him and the chairman of the committee for supporting my common-sense bill with the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. H
ANDEL ), my colleague. As millions of taxpayers across this country prepare to file their returns on time this week, we must ensure they have the resources they need to prop-erly comply with the law. Taxpayer Assistance Centers play a critical role in communities across this country. Over 3 million Americans vis-ited one of these centers in fiscal year 2017, many of whom traveled consider-able distances to get their questions answered face-to-face. Arizona’s five Taxpayer Assistance Centers help thousands of individuals every year. Ensuring compliance with a com-plicated Tax Code can be challenging for families. With the new tax law set to substantially change the current Code, it is more important than ever for taxpayers to get answers that will affect their bottom lines. Over the past few years, dozens of Taxpayer Assistance Centers across the Nation have closed as the IRS sought savings. According to the national Tax-payer Advocate, over 7 percent of these centers have been shuttered since 2011. Closing one of these centers, which often receive walk-in visits, with little or no clear public notice is disruptive and undermines fairness. While the IRS offers virtual help and assistance to taxpayers, the reality is that many older Americans and those with disabilities cannot meaningfully access or utilize such technology. Peo-ple who are honestly trying to comply with the law should get the help they need, face-to-face, on a timely basis. People in rural counties spend time and money to drive hours away to get their questions answered at Taxpayer Assistance Centers. That is time away from running their businesses, from their jobs, and from their families. Issues like transportation barriers and childcare often complicate the process. Our commonsense bill simply affirms the taxpayers’ right to quality service by requiring the IRS to notify Congress and affected communities at least 90 days before closing down a Taxpayer Assistance Center. Providing accessible, quality service to the people we represent is the most basic and important function we have as Members of Congress. While explor-ing innovative ways to expand tech-nology is a smart strategy for Federal agencies and one Congress should en-courage, we must make sure in-person service remains a viable and meaning-ful option for those Americans who need it, especially for the agency that, arguably, has the greatest direct im-pact over the most people in the coun-try—the IRS. This bill will hold the IRS account-able for making sure communities im-pacted by a Taxpayer Assistance Cen-ter closure have adequate notice and are informed sooner about alternative sources for assistance. I thank Congresswoman HANDEL for working with me on this bipartisan bill, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port its passage. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, having no further speakers, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. As I prepare to close, I want to reit-erate the importance of Taxpayer As-sistance Centers as the local face of the Internal Revenue Service. The Internal Revenue Service should be increasing this presence and not limiting it. H.R. 5440 is a commonsense bill that requires the IRS to provide public no-tice, including through nonelectronic means, 90 days prior to the closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center. This no-tice ensures that affected taxpayers are aware of closures, as well as informa-tion on alternative forms of assistance that are available. This notice will help communities and taxpayers better an-swer their questions and comply with their tax obligations. As I have said, this is, indeed, a com-monsense bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.037 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3366 April 17, 2018 
I want to again thank Congress-woman K
AREN HANDEL and Congress-man T
OMO’HALLERAN for their leader-ship on this issue. H.R. 5440 provides important trans-parency regarding closure of TACs to ensure that the public is notified and provided with information on how they can get the help they need from the IRS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5440, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1345 RESTRICTING IMMEDIATE SALE OF SEIZED PROPERTY BY SEC-RETARY OF THE TREASURY TO PERISHABLE GOODS Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5446) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-strict the immediate sale of seized property by the Secretary of the Treas-ury to perishable goods, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5446 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RULES FOR SEIZURE AND SALE OF PERISHABLE GOODS RESTRICTED TO ONLY PERISHABLE GOODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6336 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘or become greatly reduced in price or value by keeping, or that such property cannot be kept without great expense’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property seized after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 5446, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as most of us are aware, the IRS has the ability to seize and sell a taxpayer’s property to satisfy unpaid taxes. However, given the profound impact of such a move on the taxpayer’s liveli-hood, well-defined safeguards govern these seizures. Nonetheless, the Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee discovered last year that there are ways for the IRS to legally circumvent these pro-tections. While IRS auctions typically require a 10-day advance notice and the estab-lishment of minimum bid requirements to ensure profits sufficient to cover the unpaid taxes, the IRS can forego these requirements by deeming seized goods as perishable. Under current law, perishable goods are defined as those that are likely to go bad, become greatly reduced in price or value by keeping, or cannot be kept without great expense to the IRS. If the IRS deems the goods seized to be perishable, it can sell them on the same day without any minimum bid re-quirements. This streamlined process can lead to seized goods being sold for significantly less than a normal auc-tion would allow. H.R. 5446, the bill before us, puts in place much-needed safeguards on the same-day seizure and sale of a tax-payer’s property. While we are discussing this bill today, I would like to talk a little bit about the Oversight Subcommittee’s findings that led us to this point. Last year, the subcommittee first be-came aware of this issue after local news reports from Dallas, Texas, brought to light the 2015 seizure of a bridal shop, including dresses and sew-ing machines. These goods were then sold imme-diately at auction within hours of their seizure. This left the owners with no means of earning an income going for-ward, while not fully satisfying their tax debts. Now, common sense would tell us that this sale was not in the best inter-est of the couple, whose livelihood was ruined, or the IRS, who did not fully collect the amount owed. Further investigation by the sub-committee also found that there were at least eight other instances of small businesses being liquidated using the perishable goods designation in the past few years. In only two of the cases did there ap-pear to be any foods offered as part of the sale. The subcommittee concluded that while the IRS’ use of this authority is limited, when it is used, the goods sold under this designation are typically the contents of a small business and are almost never in danger of imme-diately going bad. To give you an idea of what I am talking about, the IRS designated things such as sporting goods, artwork, scrapbooking materials, automotive supplies, and workout equipment as perishable. Now, I don’t know about you, but when I think of things that are likely to go bad, I think of things that we produce in my home State of Kansas, like meat or dairy products. As a result, this commonsense bipar-tisan bill limits the IRS’ ability to seize and immediately sell a taxpayer’s property to only cases where the seized goods are actually likely to go bad. I would like to thank the bill’s spon-sors, Congressman FERGUSON and Con-gressman C
ROWLEY , for all of their hard work on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5446, and I thank Mr. F
ERGUSON for working with our office to bring this bill to committee and here to the floor as well. And I thank the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) for man-aging the time on this bill. This may be one of the last things she gets to do here on the House floor, and I just want to thank her for her friendship throughout the years, as well, and working in a bipartisan way with us on occasion. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague men-tioned, this is a targeted bill to address the overzealous enforcement of exist-ing law. These changes are needed be-cause, as Mr. F
ERGUSON will point out as well, we have found ourselves in an environment where small-business owners have seen their property and products taken and sold within 24 hours. Take, for example, as was mentioned by Ms. J
ENKINS , the 2015 IRS raid of Mii’s Bridal and Tuxedo shop in Gar-land, Texas. Claiming the owners owed back taxes, the IRS agents seized $17,000 in cash and $650,000 in wedding dresses and equipment, like sewing ma-chines. The agents then immediately auctioned off those items, even though their tax dispute was not settled and has not been contested. The agency argued the expedited pro-cedures were needed because they said the dresses, as was mentioned, were perishable goods. These were not or-anges or grapefruits, they were not ap-ples or eggs, they were dresses. By invoking the word ‘‘perishable,’’ the IRS didn’t have to post advance public notice of the auction or wait at least 10 days for sunlight to come in before selling the goods, as is normally required. To say this is wrong is an understate-ment. Clothing, as we all know, is not really perishable. It will decay over time and when it is worn, but left to its own, it doesn’t decay. It is not perish-able. And destroying an immigrant-owned business—an immigrant-owned busi-ness—within hours, that took decades to build, should never have happened in the first place. How the IRS used civil asset for-feiture in this case goes against a bed-rock principle of our country, of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.038 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3367 April 17, 2018 
United States—the principle of due process. In this case, the IRS acted without proper notice and outside the intent of the law. They seized property and sold it without knowing its true cost or its value. Civil asset forfeiture is a tool that the IRS and other law enforcement agencies use to go after ill-gotten funds from human traffickers, terrorists, and other serious criminal activity. Sometimes it is a necessary mecha-nism. I think we all recognize that. But only when used correctly and fairly. Seizing the goods of a small immi-grant-owned business and selling them immediately at auction under the false premise that they were perishable goods is a clear example of how the law should not be used. Passage of this measure will ensure that abuses like this never happen again. I urge swift passage of this bill to help us take at least some steps to address the abusive flaws in the civil asset forfeiture procedure and give at least this one company some modicum of justice. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ), one of the leaders on this issue. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5446. This com-monsense legislation makes a targeted but important reform to protect Amer-ican small businesses by ensuring that the rules for seizure of perishable goods are restricted only to goods that are, in fact, perishable. The fact that we are having to even comment or debate on the fact that a small business in Texas was destroyed by the actions of an IRS agent that de-termined that bridal dresses were per-ishable is unconscionable, and it should not happen, and it should not have hap-pened then; and I agree with my col-league from New York that it should never happen again, and this legisla-tion will help ensure that. Now, I don’t think we have to explain to anybody that, since these bridal gowns are not perishable, why is this bill even necessary? But it is a shame that we have had agents use this par-ticular piece of legislation to actually leave a family destitute because of their actions of selling bridal dresses under the guise that they were perish-able. This legislation tightens up the law to eliminate the language that the IRS agents in Dallas and others across the country have used to justify their over-reaching use of same-day sale provi-sions. H.R. 5446 makes an important step to prevent the IRS from redefining these words to suit their own purposes, threatening the livelihoods of Amer-ican small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor this legislation to strength protections for small businesses and job creators, and I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and do the same. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, once again, let me thank Mr. FERGUSON , as well as Ms. J
ENKINS , for bringing this bill to the floor. I don’t want anyone who may be watching this on C–SPAN and may be just waking up, turning on the tele-vision, and looking at the incredible bi-partisanship that is happening here today to think they died and have gone to bipartisan heaven. Although much of the work that we are doing today is bipartisan in nature, it really is drastically different than the way in which the Committee on Ways and Means has conducted busi-ness in the most recent past in connec-tion with the passage of the Republican tax bill. Democrats have called that a tax scam bill. It had absolutely no input from the Democratic side of the aisle, certainly here in the House of Representatives, in the committee, or here on the floor. Not reflective of any of the Democratic principles or values in that bill and its passage. And as much as we are working in a very bipartisan way, this is not a re-flection of my good friend Ms. J
ENKINS , but more a reflection, I think, of the leadership of the Republican Con-ference in ramming a bill through the committee without proper hearings. Not having a single Democratic amend-ment in that process spoke very ill of the process itself. Nobody cares about how sausage gets made. We know that. Nobody cares how legislation gets made. Nobody cares about how sausage gets made until they taste it and it doesn’t taste good. And I think that is what is happening right now with the American people. This tax bill is falling flat on its face. This tax scam bill is falling flat on its face because it is not helping the peo-ple it was purported to be helping in the first place. The greatest bait-and- switch probably in the history of our country went on in terms of what the President talked about, the people he was going to help, the middle class and hardworking people, and instead it all basically went to the wealthiest 1 per-cent and the wealthiest multinational corporations in the history of man-kind. They got permanent tax relief, and the middle class and working men and women in this country got bupkis. All right? And the reality is they know what happened here. They know that 83 percent of that bill went to the wealthiest 1 percent and 17 percent to working men and women and working poor people. That is just obscene. That is not re-flective of who we are as a nation or as a country or as a people, yet that is what happened, and in no small part because it was done in such a partisan way. The bill had not a single hearing within the committee and was brought to the floor all to meet a deadline of passing it before the Christmas and Ha-nukkah break. That was the only goal, so that my Republican colleagues could say they had achieved something, even if it was ill conceived and passed with rushed judgment. And now we know about all the prob-lems with the bill and all the fixes that have to take place; things that maybe could have been worked out had there been a more open process and more de-liberative process and the inclusion of Democrats in that process. Just maybe. So I don’t want anyone, again, to be watching C–SPAN or maybe turning on the news tonight and learning about all the bipartisanship that is happening here on the House floor—and it is good; these are good bills that we are work-ing on together—and say: Did I die and something happened? Has the world been righted? Am I missing something? I want them to know: No. You are not missing anything. b1400 That tax scam bill did pass, and it did go toward helping the wealthiest 1 percent and the richest multinational corporations in the history of the world, and the little guy is not getting very much at all. That is still the case. That hasn’t changed. And it is sad, but it is true. I, once again, want to thank the gen-tlewoman for her efforts in bringing this bipartisan bill to the floor. But let it be known that this is more of an ab-erration and not the norm in terms of how the committee has been con-ducting business, nor has the House of Representatives been conducting busi-ness in the most recent past. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Congressman D
REWFERGUSON and Con-gressman J
OECROWLEY for their lead-ership on this issue. H.R. 5446 further strengthens the safeguards in place to ensure that goods being sold immediately are lim-ited to those that are likely to go bad. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5446, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ALLOWING OFFICERS AND EM-PLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY TO PROVIDE TAXPAYERS INFORMATION RE-GARDING LOW-INCOME TAX-PAYER CLINICS Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.042 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3368 April 17, 2018 
(H.R. 5438) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow officers and employees of the Department of the Treasury to provide to taxpayers infor-mation regarding low-income taxpayer clinics, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5438 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PROVISION OF INFORMATION RE-GARDING LOW-INCOME TAXPAYER CLINICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7526(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING  
QUALIFIED LOW -INCOME TAXPAYER CLINICS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, officers and employees of the Department of the Treasury may— ‘‘(A) advise taxpayers of the availability of, and eligibility requirements for receiving, advice and assistance from qualified low-in-come taxpayer clinics receiving funding under this section, and ‘‘(B) provide information regarding the lo-cation of, and contact information for, such clinics.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 5438, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5438, and encourage my col-leagues to back this commonsense bill. Mr. Speaker, this is a short and sweet bill. It allows the IRS employees to provide taxpayers with information on low income taxpayer clinics. Spe-cifically, IRS employees would be per-mitted to provide program details, in-cluding the eligibility requirements to receive assistance from a low income taxpayer clinic, also where the centers are located, and how to contact them. As many of my colleagues know, the low income taxpayer clinic program provides matching grants to organiza-tions that assist low-income taxpayers as well as those who speak English as a second language. These clinics pri-marily work with taxpayers on dispute resolution issues with the IRS. They provide representation for audits, ap-peals, collection matters, and Federal tax litigation. These clinics are operated by non-profit organizations or academic insti-tutions, and services are provided for free or for a very small fee. My district in North Carolina is served by one of the clinics that is op-erated by North Carolina Central Uni-versity School of Law, a fine institu-tion just to the west of my house. North Carolina Central’s motto is: ‘‘Truth and Service.’’ And this clinic allows individuals to come and get tax assistance from law school students who work under the supervision of the staff attorney there at the law school. I appreciate the hard work that those volunteers are doing in my community. This legislation before us today would allow the IRS to notify our var-ious constituents of these clinics and their services. These clinics play an important role by helping taxpayers, and I am pleased to see this legislation move forward and see the help that it will give to our constituents by mak-ing them aware of the tools available in their own communities. This is a practical proposal that will improve taxpayers experience with the IRS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman LEWIS from Georgia, my colleague on the Ways and Means Com-mittee, my friend, for partnering with me on this bill. This bill was approved with unanimous bipartisan support by the House Ways and Means Committee, and I urge my colleagues in the House to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5438. And I am proud to join my friend, the gentleman from North Caro-lina (Mr. H
OLDING ), in sponsoring this bill. Our bill is very simple. It helps taxpayers receive the support and guid-ance they need. Low income taxpayer clinics offer a free, low-cost service for taxpayers across our country. These clinics help taxpayers resolve disputes with the IRS. H.R. 5438 would allow the IRS to share information about low income taxpayer clinics for those who might be eligible. Last December, the Oversight Sub-committee held a hearing on the tax-payers experience. It was one of many bipartisan meetings to improve tax ad-ministration. During the hearing, we heard testimony from Ms. Tameka R. Lester. Ms. Lester serves as the social director of the Philip C. Cook Low-In-come Taxpayer Clinic at the Georgia State University College of Law. This outstanding institution is lo-cated in my congressional district. Ms. Lester and other witnesses shared their experiences and offered many great suggestions. H.R. 5438 responds to one of the many issues raised in our discussion. Going forward, I hope that our committee and the full House of Representatives will continue to develop bipartisan re-sponses to their concerns and sugges-tions. Again, Mr. Speaker, I hope all of our colleagues will support our bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his support, and I urge all Members of the House to support this common-sense legislation. Mr. Speaker, the IRS is long overdue for an update, and today’s bills mark a significant step in providing a reform that the agency needs and the Amer-ican people deserve. Late last year, House and Senate Re-publicans ushered through a new and improved Tax Code which allows indi-viduals to keep more of their hard- earned tax dollars. Along with the new Tax Code, we need a new and improved IRS. The multiple bills we are taking up today accomplish that goal to some degree. The taxpayer needs to come first. I am glad that Republicans and Demo-crats in the Ways and Means Com-mittee have come together to work and make this a reality. The bills before the House today are centered on improving the functionality and the taxpayers experi-ence with the IRS. From directing the IRS to develop a customer service strategy, to codifying the Free File program, we are reforming the IRS into an agency that works for the American people. It puts the American people first. These bills will improve the ease and efficiency of filing taxes and retrieving information. We also established an independent Office of Appeals to ensure that tax-payers receive a fair and impartial re-view of any disputes that may arise. But most of all, we guarantee that cus-tomer service goals are set by the IRS and that we assure the IRS is account-able for meeting them. That is not all. Mr. Speaker, in to-day’s world, the value of privacy can-not be understated. The IRS continues to face serious cyber threats that are becoming more and more advanced. It is necessary that the IRS stay ahead of these threats. Mr. Speaker, today we are faced with an incredible opportunity to modernize the IRS and put the American taxpayer first. So I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill, H.R. 5438, and other bills that are before the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLD-
ING) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5438, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.045 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3369 April 17, 2018 
REQUIRING SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY TO ESTABLISH A PROGRAM FOR THE ISSUANCE OF IDENTITY PROTECTION PER-SONAL IDENTIFICATION NUM-BERS Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5437) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a program for the issuance of identity protection per-sonal identification numbers, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5437 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. IDENTITY PROTECTION PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS. 
Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (here-after referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall establish a program to issue, upon the request of any individual, a number which may be used in connection with such individual’s social security number (or other identifying information with respect to such individual as determined by the Secretary) to assist the Secretary in verifying such in-dividual’s identity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) and the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 5437, cur-rently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5437, legislation that I am coauthoring with my colleague, Congresswoman D
ELBENEfrom Washington State, that will tackle identity theft. Each year the IRS processes over 240 million tax returns and issues more than $400 billion in refunds. This makes tax season a prime target for identity thieves who steal billions of dollars from hardworking taxpayers by filing false returns. It is all too common. More than 1.8 million people, includ-ing more than 13,000 Minnesotans were victims of tax identify theft in 2015, and in just the first 2 months of 2016, the filing season, the IRS identified more than 31,000 fraudulent returns with thousands more surely slipping through the cracks. A Government Accountability Office report last year found that scammers attempted to claim $14.5 billion in fraudulent tax returns in the 2015 tax season alone. For a criminal, the scam is simple and straightforward. You steal a taxpayer’s Social Security num-ber; you file a fraudulent return in their name; and then you collect the refund. While this is a tremendous theft of taxpayer dollars, it is also a nightmare for victims who then have to work to clear their name with multiple govern-ment agencies and wait longer to re-ceive their own tax refund. Our seniors, in particular, are very vulnerable to identity theft, as they then have to struggle to navigate a bu-reaucratic maze to clear their name and then file an authentic return. There is one tool available though to some taxpayers that makes this scam a lot harder to pull this off. It is called an identity protection PIN, or an IP PIN. It is a 6-digit number that is issued by the IRS to help the IRS then authenticate a tax return and validate the identity of the person who is filing it. b1415 Today, IP PINs are available only in a couple of States and the District of Columbia, as well as to certain tax-payers who might be at high risk of identity theft. This legislation today which we are taking up would expand this program by giving all taxpayers access and the option of signing up for an IP PIN over the course of the next 5 years as they phase this in. This will give all tax-payers peace of mind by allowing them to proactively protect their own iden-tity from tax scammers, and it will save taxpayer dollars by preventing fraud that puts refunds into the wrong hands. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join us in supporting this bipartisan bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5437, and I want to thank my colleague, Mr. P
AULSEN , for all of his work to help advance this important measure. This is a pretty straightforward bill with a straightforward mission: protecting taxpayers from tax identity theft and fraud. I am sure everyone is familiar with a scheme that some enterprising crimi-nals came up with to file fraudulent tax returns so that they could collect money that didn’t belong to them. I am sure it is safe to say constituents in every one of our districts went to file their taxes only to find that they had been filed already, and someone else had claimed their return and their identity. In response, the IRS instituted a smart, commonsense program to assign PIN numbers to affected taxpayers, without which they could not file their taxes. These six-digit numbers would be reassigned each year, and electronic returns would not be accepted without them. According to the American Coalition for Taxpayer Rights, it appears that this program has helped protect tax-payers and reduce fraudulent returns. The number of tax returns with con-firmed identity theft dropped 32 per-cent from 2016 to 2017, alone, and 57 percent during the 2015 to 2017 period. Yet tax identity thieves are still claim-ing millions of dollars in fraudulently obtained refunds. By broadening the IP PIN program to all taxpayers instead of only making it available to identity theft victims and individuals in pilot project States, we can be proactive about keeping tax-payers’ personal information and hard- earned dollars safe, and we can make further progress in reducing the in-stances of fraud during filing season. While we can and must do more to outwit cybercriminals and perpetrators of fraud, this program is a no-brainer that gives a better level of protection than exists today. I look forward to seeing this instituted for all of our con-stituents and hope we can build on this progress to bring additional security measures and 21st century technology improvements to the IRS. Mr. Speaker, in closing, again, this is a straightforward and simple bill that will protect taxpayers across the coun-try, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as a reminder, next year, taxpayers will enjoy a very sim-plified and streamlined tax filing proc-ess that allows all hardworking Ameri-cans to keep more of their own hard- earned dollars. However, there is still a lot that needs to be done to help pro-tect taxpayers by cracking down on identity theft, which is becoming more and more prevalent. This is a very commonsense, straightforward bill that will help tackle identity theft. I want to thank not only Chairman BRADY for his leadership on some of the IRS reform efforts, but also my col-league Congresswoman D
ELBENE for partnering up on this issue as well. It is very common sense; it is bipar-tisan. By giving taxpayers who are at risk of identity theft the opportunity to request that PIN number, it will allow them to make sure that their tax return is safe, secure, and authentic. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5437. This bill addresses one of the most popular issues raised during our Subcommittee’s com-ment period. H.R. 5437 is very simple. It would require the Treasury Secretary to establish a program that would issue identity protection personal identification numbers (IP PINs) to taxpayers. An IP PIN helps prevent tax-related identity theft and tax refund fraud. The IRS currently makes IP PINs available to a limited group of taxpayers. If an IP PIN is not included for this group, the IRS system will automatically reject an electronically filed tax return. It is an addi-tional layer of protection for these taxpayers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.048 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3370 April 17, 2018 
H.R. 5437 would expand this program. This bipartisan bill would require the IRS to make an IP PIN available to any and all taxpayers. It does not matter where they live or work; every taxpayer will be able to request an IP PIN. I would like to thank our colleagues—the Gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) and the Gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) for their good work and support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our colleagues to support H.R. 5437. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5437, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR TAX-RELATED IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5439) to provide for a single point of contact at the Internal Revenue Service for the taxpayers who are vic-tims of tax-related identity theft, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5439 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR TAX- RELATED IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall establish and implement procedures to en-sure that any taxpayer whose return has been delayed or otherwise adversely affected due to tax-related identity theft has a single point of contact at the Internal Revenue Service throughout the processing of the taxpayer’s case. The single point of contact shall track the taxpayer’s case to completion and coordinate with other Internal Revenue Service employees to resolve case issues as quickly as possible. (b) S
INGLE POINT OF CONTACT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (a), the single point of contact shall consist of a team or subset of specially trained em-ployees who— (A) have the ability to work across func-tions to resolve the issues involved in the taxpayer’s case, and (B) shall be accountable for handling the case until its resolution. (2) T
EAM OR SUBSET .—The employees in-cluded within the team or subset described in paragraph (1) may change as required to meet the needs of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice, provided that procedures have been es-tablished to— (A) ensure continuity of records and case history, and (B) notify the taxpayer when appropriate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5439, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I believe that modern-izing the IRS’ ability to administer our Tax Code is a critical next step fol-lowing the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I am pleased that today we are considering H.R. 5439, which cre-ates a single point of contact at the IRS for identity theft victims. I introduced this legislation with my good friend, Representative J
OHN L
EWIS. He and I have worked tirelessly over the last few years to protect the identity of taxpayers, having intro-duced legislation that has passed the House and was signed into law in 2015 that took steps to help reduce identity theft. I was proud to reintroduce with him this Congress the Stolen Identity Re-fund Fraud Prevention Act that has nearly 20 bipartisan cosponsors and which included the provision that we are considering today. Identity theft has become a growing concern in Ohio and across the United States. Unfortunately, it seems as if there is now constant news of individ-uals having their identities stolen due to massive data breaches. It is one of the most costly crimes to consumers and businesses, and it is the fastest growing white-collar crime in America according to the Federal Trade Com-mission. As many of my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee have heard, I, myself, was also the victim of identity theft not too long ago. I un-derstand the frustration, fear, and sense of helplessness that many feel when learning that a criminal has sto-len their identity. In 2016, a criminal stole my personal information and filed a return with my name, my wife’s name, our Social Se-curity numbers, and other personal in-formation. The thieves even had a W–2 from the U.S. Congress that contained a fake version of my information. I didn’t learn about this fraud until I re-ceived an IRS notice questioning a re-turn I had filed—even though I had not yet filed. Each year, thousands of families try-ing to resolve this same sort of head-ache have to prove to the Federal Gov-ernment that they are who they say they are. That included me, right along with everyone else, creating this tre-mendous call volume the IRS receives on a given day. I had to go through that same process. People thought: Wow, you had to go through the same process trying to get through to the IRS? I said: Yes, I did. I had to reexplain my story every time I called. This commonsense legislation will simply require the IRS to establish a single point of contact at the IRS for taxpayers who have been impacted by identity theft. This will help everyday Americans who have had to deal with the stress and inconvenience of having their identity stolen get the service they deserve from the IRS. I thank Chairman BRADY , Ranking Member N
EAL, and the Ways and Means Committee staff for moving this legis-lation forward, and I encourage my col-leagues to support its final passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5439. I believe that this is one of my favorite bills. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to join my friend, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ), in introducing this com-monsense bill, and I want to thank the gentleman for it. The gentleman from Ohio and I share a passion and a commitment to this issue. Two years ago we introduced the Stolen Identity Fraud Prevention Act. We both believe that taxpayers should receive the help and support that they need and deserve, and I am proud to join him again today in sponsoring this bill. In recent years, I also included this commonsense policy in the Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee Demo-cratic bill, the Taxpayer Protection Act. H.R. 5439 responds to a frequent, on-going concern of many of our citizens. This bill will help ease the frustration that victims of tax-related identity theft feel, and it addresses a top IRS casework issue in my congressional district. H.R. 5439 establishes a single point of contact within the Internal Revenue Service for any taxpayer who is the victim of identity theft. As a result of this bill, the taxpayer will not need to start again from scratch every time they try to get an update on their case. Instead, the single point of contact would work with other IRS units to solve the taxpayer issue as quickly as possible. This good, commonsense bill will help taxpayers across our country. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our colleagues to support H.R. 5439. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this commonsense leg-islation is a strong step forward in en-suring that the American people re-ceive the customer service that they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.020 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3371 April 17, 2018 
deserve from the IRS should they have their identity stolen. Along with my personal story, I have heard from countless constituents and Ohioans who have been frustrated by the hoops that they often need to jump through to get their identity theft con-cerns addressed, all the while dealing with the fear and anxiety of having their identity stolen. This bipartisan legislation will provide relief by requir-ing a single point of contact within the IRS for victims of identity theft. Again, I want to thank my colleague from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) for his sup-port. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5439, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REQUIRING ELECTRONIC FILING OF ANNUAL RETURNS OF EX-EMPT ORGANIZATIONS Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5443) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-quire electronic filing of the annual re-turns of exempt organizations and pro-vide for making such returns available for public inspection, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5443 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MANDATORY ELECTRONIC FILING FOR ANNUAL RETURNS OF EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6033 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by re-designating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(n) M
ANDATORY ELECTRONIC FILING .—Any organization required to file a return under this section shall file such return in elec-tronic form.’’. (b) I
NSPECTION OF ELECTRONICALLY FILED A
NNUAL RETURNS .—Section 6104(b) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any annual return required to be filed electronically under section 6033(n) shall be made available by the Secretary to the public in machine readable format.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to returns filed for tax-able years beginning after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) T
RANSITIONAL RELIEF .— (A) S
MALL ORGANIZATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any small organizations, or any other organizations for which the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Secretary’’) deter-mines the application of the amendments made by subsection (a) would cause undue burden without a delay, the Secretary may delay the application of such amendments, but not later than taxable years beginning 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (ii) SMALL ORGANIZATION .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘‘small organization’’ means any organization— (I) the gross receipts of which for the tax-able year are less than $200,000, and (II) the aggregate gross assets of which at the end of the taxable year are less than $500,000. (B) O
RGANIZATIONS FILING FORM 990–T.—In the case of any organization described in sec-tion 511(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which is subject to the tax imposed by section 511(a)(1) of such Code on its unrelated business taxable income, or any organization required to file a return under section 6033 of such Code and include information under subsection (e) thereof, the Secretary may delay the application of the amendments made by this section, but not later than tax-able years beginning 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) and the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material on H.R. 5443, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5443. This bill, in short, would ensure that all nonprofits file their tax forms electronically so that the charitable community can better assist those in need. First, I want to thank Congress-woman S
TEPHANIE MURPHY today for cosponsoring this important legislation with me. This provision is identical to one that my colleague on the Ways and Means Committee, Congressman B
LU-
MENAUER , and I introduced in a larger tax package, the CHARITY Act, along with Senators T
HUNE and C ASEY on the Senate Finance Committee in 2017. b1430 Before I discuss this bill in greater detail, I want to look across the room to my great friend, Mr. J
OHNLEWIS. It was in 2015 that Mr. L
EWIS and I crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge. It was at that time that Mr. L
EWIS stopped and spent some time with my grandson George. And as we were walk-ing across the bridge, George, who was 8 at the time, said: ‘‘Grandpa, we are actually going to do this. We are going to go across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with Mr. L
EWIS.’’ I said: ‘‘That’s right, George, we are.’’ He said: ‘‘Well, Grandpa, this is the 50th anniversary.’’ I said: ‘‘Yes, George, it is.’’ He said: ‘‘Well, can we come back for the 100th anniversary?’’ I said: ‘‘George, we will do that to-gether. You and I will come across the bridge at the 100th anniversary.’’ He said: ‘‘Grandpa, how old are you right now?’’ I said: ‘‘Well, George, I am 65.’’ He said: ‘‘Grandpa, it may be hard for you to get across that bridge.’’ I said: ‘‘Georgie, don’t worry. If I can’t walk, you can push me across.’’ That was a great weekend for George. And for Mr. LEWIS, I have always felt he is such an iconic figure in this House for people who stood up for civil rights. That weekend was one of the most gracious weekends and best week-ends with my son my grandson had. So I can’t tell you how much I appreciate being with you on the floor today. When it comes to charity, the Amer-ican people are truly unique. In fact, Americans are the most generous in the world according to the new Alma-nac of American Philanthropy. In a first-of-its-kind survey, the almanac found that Americans out-donate Brit-ain and Canada 2-to-1 and nations like Italy and Germany 20-to-1. What is more, more than half of almost every single income level in America donates to charity. That is remarkable, and it makes me proud to be an American and proud of our Nation’s history of philan-thropy. In its earliest form, the word ‘‘phi-lanthropy’’ comes from the Greek term ‘‘philanthropia,’’ which simply meant ‘‘love of mankind.’’ The meaning has evolved over time, but, from the ear-liest days of human civilization, we have depended upon kindness directed towards strangers and others. We de-fine ‘‘philanthropy’’ today as the prac-tice of organized, systematic giving to improve the quality of human life through the promotion of welfare and social change. Throughout every age, American phi-lanthropists have demonstrated the power of giving to create great and meaningful change. In my own congres-sional district in western Pennsyl-vania, we have many wonderful organi-zations that demonstrate the power of giving each and every day. In Erie, Pennsylvania, we have The Erie Com-munity Foundation, the United Way of Erie, and the Black Family Founda-tion. As a businessman and leader in the energy sector, Pat Black and his fam-ily started a small, private foundation in 1993. Here is one individual who took it upon himself to create a charitable organization to give back to his com-munity. And we have many other good corporate citizens in Erie, as well, such as Erie Insurance. More than half a century ago, Erie Insurance’s founder, H.O. Hirt, had a lifelong concern for others who were less fortunate, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.052 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3372 April 17, 2018 
today Erie Insurance and its employees follow Mr. Hirt’s example and continue this tradition of giving of food and clothing and other drives that help out in the community. And since it is tax filing week, all these charitable organizations must file their tax forms, called 990s, which brings us back to why we are here today on the floor considering H.R. 5443. Our bill would make it mandatory that 990s be filed electronically going forward. Electronic filing, or e-filing, is not only more efficient; it costs tax-payers less and the IRS less to admin-ister. This requirement will boost transparency in the tax-exempt sector by requiring all nonprofits to file their returns electronically. Today, approximately 60 percent of all 990s are filed electronically, but the remaining 40 percent are still paper filed and not released as open data. In addition to requiring e-filing of the 990 form be mandatory for tax-exempt or-ganizations, the bill would make such returns available to the public in a ma-chine-readable format. So why is this important? Better 990 information, when searchable and available to the public, allows for bet-ter scrutiny and better transparency. Jacob Harold, president of GuideStar, which collects and disseminates infor-mation from nonprofits’ returns, says: ‘‘The more easily people can access that data, the better.’’ A readable, searchable format that will help improve efficiency and accu-racy and reduce fraud, e-filing has served as a highly effective tool in ex-posing scam charities, and it will make it easier to catch these few bad actors who are using tax donations for per-sonal gain only. For example, in 2015, the Federal Trade Commission, the District of Co-lumbia, and all 50 States filed a lawsuit against four scam cancer charities call-ing themselves the Cancer Fund. Their owners had used over 95 percent of the $187 million in charitable donations for their own personal benefit. This law-suit took almost 4 years because of the difficulty of analyzing thousands and thousands of pages of data that were filed on paper. Our bill will correct that. Hundreds of millions of dollars from generous Americans were wasted because their donations were going to a fraudster and not helping researchers to find a cure for cancer. To take money away from cancer patients is just plain wrong and immoral. Our bill wants to make sure this doesn’t happen in the future. Now, how would that happen? Changes could be brought sooner against these scam charities, in less than 1 year instead of 4, if the return information had been available elec-tronically. There are countless exam-ples that prove that this can be the case. The State of Michigan is a great model for just how valuable access to machine-readable data is. To date, Michigan has shut down the most num-ber of scam nonprofits out of all 50 States. This is because of the Michigan attorney general’s ability to manipu-late and analyze researchable data. This bipartisan bill would help ex-pose these shams nationally by ensur-ing nonprofits are e-filing annual re-turns. Therefore, I urge my colleagues on both sides to support this important good-government, antifraud bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, let me just thank my friend and colleague from Pennsyl-vania for those kind words. Say hello to your grandson George. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5443. Let me begin by thanking the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentlewoman from Florida for their work on this good and necessary bill. Mr. Speaker, I hope all of our col-leagues will support this simple bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ), the lead Democratic cosponsor. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I am proud to be the lead Democrat on this bipartisan bill which would pro-vide government officials with the timely information they need to pre-vent and punish fraud in connection with charitable solicitations and the use of charitable assets. I want to thank my colleague and colead from Pennsylvania, Congress-man M
IKEKELLY , for his leadership on this issue. I also want to thank the chairman, ranking member, and the members of the Ways and Means Com-mittee which unanimously approved this bill last week. Our bill would require charities to annually file Internal Revenue Service form 990, the form used by tax-exempt organizations, in electronic as opposed to paper format. It would also require the IRS to make these electronic fil-ings available to the public in ma-chine-readable format. Our legislation has been endorsed by the National As-sociation of State Charity Officials, or NASCO, which is an association of State agencies that oversees charitable organizations. The purpose of our bill is threefold: First, it would help law enforcement agencies and government regulators identify, shut down, and prosecute fraudulent charitable organizations that use financial contributions for their personal benefit rather than to help those in need. Second, it would protect American taxpayers who make generous dona-tions to charitable organizations and deserve to feel a sense of security that their hard-earned money is being used for its intended purpose. And third, it would help reduce the often excessive and overlapping Fed-eral and State filing requirements ap-plicable to charitable organizations, on which these organizations spend con-siderable time, money, and resources complying every year. This would en-able genuine tax-exempt organizations to focus more on their charitable mis-sion, whether that is helping wounded warriors, sponsoring cancer research, assisting victims of gun violence, or other notable causes. I would note that, in its letter of sup-port for this legislation, NASCO states that having electronic data for all form 990 filers, as this bill mandates, would ensure that the States have the ability to identify and stop fraudulent activity that harms charities and donors more quickly and effectively. NASCO further states that the bill could result in re-turning to charitable organizations sig-nificant resources that these organiza-tions must currently devote to compli-ance with unnecessary government fil-ing requirements. In closing, I respectfully ask my col-leagues in this Chamber to support the bill, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quickly follow suit. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers and am pre-pared to close. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Yes, it is true, Americans are a chari-table group. In fact, we are the most generous people in the world. Our Na-tion’s history of philanthropy, char-ities, and loving people are the envy of the world. In 2016 alone, Americans gave $390 billion, with 63 million Amer-icans, 25 percent of the adult popu-lation, volunteering their time, their talent, their energy, and their dollars to make a difference. As a recent commentator noted, Americans have it in their DNA to be philanthropic. Of all the countries, we are the most generous. Because I know my colleagues have it in their DNA to support our Nation’s unique philan-thropic history and charitable commu-nity, I urge them to vote in favor of this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5443, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.055 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3373 April 17, 2018 
declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 42 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. L
OVE) at 4 p.m. 
f 
MAKING PERMANENT VOLUNTEER INCOME TAX ASSISTANCE MATCHING GRANT PROGRAM Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2901) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grant pro-gram, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2901 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS FOR LOW-INCOME TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 7526 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7526A. RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS FOR LOW-INCOME TAXPAYERS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF VOLUNTEER INCOME  T
AXASSISTANCE MATCHING GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary shall establish a Com-munity Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Matching Grant Program under which the Secretary may, subject to the availability of appropriated funds, make grants to provide matching funds for the development, expan-sion, or continuation of qualified return preparation programs assisting low-income taxpayers and members of underserved popu-lations. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Qualified return prepara-tion programs may use grants received under this section for— ‘‘(A) ordinary and necessary costs associ-ated with program operation in accordance with cost principles under the applicable Of-fice of Management and Budget circular, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) wages or salaries of persons coordi-nating the activities of the program, ‘‘(ii) developing training materials, con-ducting training, and performing quality re-views of the returns prepared under the pro-gram, ‘‘(iii) equipment purchases, and ‘‘(iv) vehicle-related expenses associated with remote or rural tax preparation serv-ices, ‘‘(B) outreach and educational activities described in subsection (c)(2)(B), and ‘‘(C) services related to financial education and capability, asset development, and the establishment of savings accounts in connec-tion with tax return preparation. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT OF MATCHING FUNDS .—A qualified return preparation program must provide matching funds on a dollar-for-dollar basis for all grants provided under this sec-tion. Matching funds may include— ‘‘(A) the salary (including fringe benefits) of individuals performing services for the program, ‘‘(B) the cost of equipment used in the pro-gram, and ‘‘(C) other ordinary and necessary costs as-sociated with the program. Indirect expenses, including general over-head of any entity administering the pro-gram, shall not be counted as matching funds. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each applicant for a grant under this section shall submit an ap-plication to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications which demonstrate— ‘‘(A) assistance to low-income taxpayers, with emphasis on outreach to, and services for, such taxpayers, ‘‘(B) taxpayer outreach and educational ac-tivities relating to eligibility and avail-ability of income supports available through this title, including the earned income tax credit, and ‘‘(C) specific outreach and focus on one or more underserved populations. ‘‘(3) A
MOUNTS TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—In de- termining matching grants under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall only take into ac-count amounts provided by the qualified re-turn preparation program for expenses de-scribed in subsection (b). ‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM ADHERENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish procedures for, and shall conduct not less frequently than once every 5 calendar years during which a qualified return prepa-ration program is operating under a grant under this section, periodic site visits— ‘‘(A) to ensure the program is carrying out the purposes of this section, and ‘‘(B) to determine whether the program meets such program adherence standards as the Secretary shall by regulation or other guidance prescribe. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR GRANT  
RECIPIENTS NOT MEETING PROGRAM ADHERENCE  
STANDARDS .—In the case of any qualified re-turn preparation program which— ‘‘(A) is awarded a grant under this section, and ‘‘(B) is subsequently determined— ‘‘(i) not to meet the program adherence standards described in paragraph (1)(B), or ‘‘(ii) not to be otherwise carrying out the purposes of this section, such program shall not be eligible for any additional grants under this section unless such program provides sufficient documenta-tion of corrective measures established to address any such deficiencies determined. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED RETURN PREPARATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘qualified return prepara-tion program’ means any program— ‘‘(A) which provides assistance to individ-uals, not less than 90 percent of whom are low-income taxpayers, in preparing and fil-ing Federal income tax returns, ‘‘(B) which is administered by a qualified entity, ‘‘(C) in which all volunteers who assist in the preparation of Federal income tax re-turns meet the training requirements pre-scribed by the Secretary, and ‘‘(D) which uses a quality review process which reviews 100 percent of all returns. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified en-tity’ means any entity which— ‘‘(i) is an eligible organization, ‘‘(ii) is in compliance with Federal tax fil-ing and payment requirements, ‘‘(iii) is not debarred or suspended from Federal contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, and ‘‘(iv) agrees to provide documentation to substantiate any matching funds provided pursuant to the grant program under this section. ‘‘(B) ELIGIBLE ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘el-igible organization’ means— ‘‘(i) an institution of higher education which is described in section 102 (other than subsection (a)(1)(C) thereof) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section, and which has not been disqualified from participating in a program under title IV of such Act, ‘‘(ii) an organization described in section 501(c) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), ‘‘(iii) a local government agency, includ-ing— ‘‘(I) a county or municipal government agency, and ‘‘(II) an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(13) of the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103(13)), including any tribally des-ignated housing entity (as defined in section 4(22) of such Act (25 U.S.C. 4103(22))), tribal subsidiary, subdivision, or other wholly owned tribal entity, ‘‘(iv) a local, State, regional, or national coalition (with one lead organization which meets the eligibility requirements of clause (i), (ii), or (iii) acting as the applicant orga-nization), or ‘‘(v) in the case of low-income taxpayers and members of underserved populations with respect to which no organizations de-scribed in the preceding clauses are avail-able— ‘‘(I) a State government agency, or ‘‘(II) an office providing Cooperative Ex-tension services (as established at the land- grant colleges and universities under the Smith-Lever Act of May 8, 1914). ‘‘(3) L
OW-INCOME TAXPAYERS .—The term ‘low-income taxpayer’ means a taxpayer whose income for the taxable year does not exceed an amount equal to the completed phaseout amount under section 32(b) for a married couple filing a joint return with 3 or more qualifying children, as determined in a revenue procedure or other published guid-ance. ‘‘(4) U
NDERSERVED POPULATION .—The term ‘underserved population’ includes popu-lations of persons with disabilities, persons with limited English proficiency, Native Americans, individuals living in rural areas, members of the Armed Forces and their spouses, and the elderly. ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES AND LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—Upon applica-tion of a qualified return preparation pro-gram, the Secretary is authorized to award a multi-year grant not to exceed 3 years. ‘‘(2) A
GGREGATE LIMITATION .—Unless other-wise provided by specific appropriation, the Secretary shall not allocate more than $30,000,000 per fiscal year (exclusive of costs of administering the program) to grants under this section. ‘‘(g) P
ROMOTION OF PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mote tax preparation through qualified re-turn preparation programs through the use of mass communications and other means. ‘‘(2) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING  
QUALIFIED RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS .— The Secretary may provide taxpayers infor-mation regarding qualified return prepara-tion programs receiving grants under this section. ‘‘(3) VITA 
GRANTEE REFERRAL .—Qualified return preparation programs receiving a grant under this section are encouraged, in appropriate cases, to— ‘‘(A) advise taxpayers of the availability of, and eligibility requirements for receiving, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.057 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3374 April 17, 2018 
advice and assistance from qualified low-in-come taxpayer clinics receiving funding under section 7526, and ‘‘(B) provide information regarding the lo-cation of, and contact information for, such clinics.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7526 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7526A. Return preparation programs for low-income taxpayers.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D
AVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 2901, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 2901, the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Permanence Act, that I am grateful to see brought before the House today. The Volunteer Income Tax Assist-ance program is a matching grant pro-gram administered by the IRS where the Federal Government partners with the local community to provide free professional tax preparation services to individuals with an annual income of less than $54,000 and for those with a limited proficiency in English. Today, April 17, is tax day, the dead-line for filing returns. As Americans all across the country work to complete their returns, we are reminded of the dangers associated with tax return pre-parer fraud. Filing your return can be confusing, and unscrupulous preparers seek to take advantage of this confu-sion for their own profit. They bring in business by promising larger refunds, refunds they are able to obtain by claiming inflated expenses, false deductions, or unreliable credits on their clients’ returns. Some fraudu-lent preparers even siphon off refunds to their own accounts. However, when the IRS detects the false return, it is the taxpayer, and not the return pre-parer, who is then liable for any addi-tional taxes and/or penalties. Unfortunately, it is low-income and underserved populations, such as those with limited English, who are the pri-mary targets of fraudulent preparers. It is a threat that my district in south Florida is all too familiar with. Thankfully, the VITA program al-lows taxpayers to fill out and submit their returns accurately without the fear of being scammed—all free of charge. The VITA preparers are IRS certified, and at 94 percent, have among the highest accuracy rates of all preparers. This program has enjoyed strong sup-port in the past, regardless of adminis-tration or the party in the majority. H.R. 2901 would permanently authorize the VITA grant program while ensur-ing that VITA preparers continue to maintain their high-accuracy rates. I want to thank Representative DANNY DAVIS for partnering with me on this legislation. I am appreciative of the work and leadership Chairman B
RADY and Subcommittee Chairwoman L
YNN JENKINS , as well as the staff of the Oversight Subcommittee and the other House Committees on Ways and Means staff for their efforts on this im-portant legislation. Madam Speaker, this will help some of the most vulnerable people in our country, people who want to comply with the Tax Code. It will make sure that individuals who are eligible for certain benefits under the Tax Code are able to obtain them. In short, this will improve quality of life for lower- and middle-income peo-ple in our country, especially in my south Florida district. I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 2901, the Volun-teer Income Tax Assistance Perma-nence Act, and support the VITA pro-gram, which helps our constituents file their taxes confidently and accurately. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, as we recognize tax day today, I applaud this body for ad-vancing H.R. 2901, the Volunteer In-come Tax Assistance Permanence Act. I want to thank my colleague and commend him for his leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor. It has been good working with the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), and I look forward to continuing to do so. This crucial program provides high- quality tax assistance to hardworking families to help those who can benefit from a program that is designed to help. The Volunteer Income Tax Assist-ance program, or VITA, offers free tax services to people who make less than 250 percent of the poverty level, and to underserved taxpayers, including per-sons with disabilities, the elderly, and limited-English speakers. It is a prime example of smart Fed-eral investment because each Federal dollar is matched by the private sector. The demand for VITA services is great. The number of tax returns prepared by the VITA program doubled between 2014 and 2016. In 2016, VITA grantees filed more than 3.8 million returns, helping families claim about $1.1 bil-lion in earned tax benefits. In Illinois, over 23,000 returns were filed for almost $32 million in refunds. With the new tax law, these high-cal-iber, in-person services are needed even more, especially in States like Illinois, affected by the SALT limitation. VITA services are top-notch. The Internal Revenue Service reported that VITA preparers have a 94 percent accuracy rate nationally on returns claiming the earned income tax credit. Further, VITA services make a real difference for individuals and families. VITA sites are skilled at ensuring that taxpayers get all of the tax benefits for which they are eligible. These savings, coupled with the savings of hundreds of dollars in tax preparation costs, put more money in my constituents’ pock-ets to cover the essential costs like rent, groceries, and medical care. H.R. 2901 makes important changes to the VITA program. For example, in addition to permanently authorizing VITA, the bill allows the Secretary to fund the VITA grants up to $30 million. We have fully exhausted the recent ap-propriations of $15 million. The IRS es-timates that 70 percent of Americans are eligible to file their taxes for free. Given the high demand and need, H.R. 2901 recognizes that the IRS should put taxpayers first by giving them access to high-quality free serv-ices, doubling our Federal investment via this quality matching grant pro-gram. Madam Speaker, I want to acknowl-edge and recognize the wonderful VITA sites in Chicago—the Center for Eco-nomic Progress, City-Wide Tax Assist-ance Program via Ladder Up, and I am especially pleased that the United Way of Metropolitan Chicago helps cham-pion this program in my hometown. As these programs do, many VITA sites provide additional programs to in-crease financial stability for families, and I am grateful for their presence in Chicago and other places throughout the country. Madam Speaker, I also want to thank Ranking Members NEAL and L EWIS, Chairmen B
RADY and J ENKINS , Sen-ators B
ROWN and H ELLER , former Rep-resentative Mike Honda, former Rep-resentative Xavier Becerra, the United Way, and Prosperity Now for their leadership in providing the permanence of this program. And as I know people are struggling and running trying to get there fast be-fore the deadline expires to file their returns, I am glad to know that those who needed it were able to get help. Madam Speaker, I urge support for this program, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, having no other speakers, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), for his tremendous leader-ship on this issue. If one talks to some-one who has used this service to convey their earnest sense of relief and grati-tude for something that is called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.012 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3375 April 17, 2018 
‘‘free,’’ they save not only the cost of paying a tax preparer, but they also know that they have got all of the ben-efits for which they were entitled. I represent thousands of low-income taxpayers, and the earned income tax-payer credit that they are able to get oftentimes lights up their life when it is time to file. Some of them are able to get benefits that they didn’t think they were going to have, and so they give a real bit of thanks to those who helped them prepare and to know. There are many adviser volunteers and I want to thank them—individuals who give of their time, their energy, their knowledge, their expertise, and their effort to make sure that low-in-come taxpayers are provided all of the assistance that they need. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to have had the opportunity to work on this bill, and I urge all of my col-leagues to support it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I want to first thank my colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), for his hard work on this bill. Dr. D
AVIS is someone who has committed his career to Americans who are struggling the most, and he is willing to work with anyone in this Congress who wants to help our communities get ahead, espe-cially those who are struggling and who most need our help. It has been a true honor to collaborate with him on this legislation. Madam Speaker, I want to remind my colleagues once again what the VITA program is all about. Every tax filing season, unscrupulous preparers try to take advantage of un-derserved populations by filing fraudu-lent returns on their behalf. b1615 The taxpayer and not the preparer is then liable for the fraudulent return. This happens way too often, Madam Speaker, in south Florida and through-out the country. The VITA program goes a long way to mitigate the threat preparer fraud poses to vulnerable communities by providing free tax preparation services administered by IRS-certified pre-parers. Taxpayers who just want to comply with the Tax Code should not have to fear additional taxes or penalties be-cause of a fraudulently repaired return. The VITA program gives these tax-payers a place to go where they can rest assured their tax returns will be filed accurately and at no cost. I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense pro-gram and vote to permanently reau-thorize the VITA grant program. I want to thank, Madam Speaker, so many volunteers at the United Way, at branches in South Dade, who every tax season help hundreds and hundreds of lower and middle-income Americans get through this difficult process. Madam Speaker, I encourage all my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2901, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SOCIAL SECURITY CHILD PROTECTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1512) to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide for the reissuance of Social Security account numbers to young children in cases where confidentiality has been com-promised, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1512 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Social Security Child Protection Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REISSUANCE OF SOCIAL SECURITY AC-COUNT NUMBERS TO YOUNG CHIL-DREN IN CASES WHERE CONFIDEN-TIALITY HAS BEEN COMPROMISED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 205(c)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(c)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv); and (2) by inserting after clause (ii) the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) In any case in which a Social Security account number has been issued to a child who has not attained the age of 14 pursuant to sub-clause (IV) or (V) of clause (i) and it is dem-onstrated by evidence, as determined by the Commissioner of Social Security, and submitted under penalty of perjury to the Commissioner by a parent or guardian of the child that in the course of transmission of the social security card to the child, the confidentiality of such number has been compromised by reason of theft of such social security card, the Commissioner shall issue a new Social Security account number to such child and make note in the records main-tained with respect to such child of the perti-nent information received by the Commissioner regarding the theft of the social security card.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
ARCHANT ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D
AVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1512, which is currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, the history of this legislation begins in my district in Southlake, Texas. A constituent of mine called my office very distraught that her mail had been stolen, and with it, her newborn baby’s Social Security card and number. A week later, a felon with an extensive history of forgery, credit card abuse, and identity theft was apprehended, and in his possession was the Social Security card of my newborn constituent. The child’s mother, rightfully so, was very concerned that her 6-month-old child’s identity had been compromised, and I requested on her behalf that the Social Security Administration issue the child a new Social Security card. We thought that would be an easy thing to do. The request was denied. My staff and my district office took it on themselves to get the law changed and asked me would I consider introducing a bill to do that. So today, we are here to try to protect a group of the most vulnerable of our Social Secu-rity cardholders. Members of this Chamber know So-cial Security numbers have become an increasingly valuable target for iden-tity theft due to their widespread use throughout the financial sector. Madam Speaker, children like my constituent are particularly vulnerable to Social Security number theft be-cause usually, before the age of 13, they do not work, they do not drive, they do not try to get credit cards, and they don’t try to establish credit, which would extend the time a thief can use that child’s identity before the theft is even noticed. Current policy does little to protect children whose Social Security cards and numbers have been stolen. I believe H.R. 1512 is the answer to this problem. This bill requires that the Social Secu-rity Administration issue a new Social Security number for a child age 13 and under when a child’s Social Security card has been stolen and the child’s parent or guardian demonstrates to the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration under penalty of per-jury that it was stolen while being transmitted by Social Security to the child’s address, that is, by U.S. mail. This bill is a commonsense solution. We need to combat identity theft. I en-courage all Members to vote today to protect our constituents, especially our most vulnerable. I thank my fellow Texan, LLOYD DOG-
GETT , for cosponsoring the bill and helping me introduce the bill. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bipartisan bill. I would also like to thank, Madam Speaker, my district staff who worked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.060 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3376 April 17, 2018 
on this problem so hard in the begin-ning and the committee staff who helped me shepherd this through to its chairman, Mr. J
OHNSON , of the Social Security Subcommittee. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to rise in support of H.R. 1512, the Social Security Child Protection Act, which was introduced jointly by Representatives K
ENNY  M
ARCHANT and L LOYD DOGGETT , both of Texas. I note that my colleague, Mr. J
OHNSON , is also in the House. This means that Texas is serious about chil-dren and protecting them. This bipar-tisan legislation would protect children in cases where their Social Security card is stolen from the mail. Most parents apply for a Social Secu-rity number for their child soon after the baby is born. They can do this eas-ily and securely right in the hospital. The Social Security Administration then assigns a number to the child and mails the card to the child’s family. Unfortunately, sometimes these let-ters do not reach their intended des-tination. They can be stolen from the mail. In fact, the Social Security num-bers of children are highly valued by identity thieves. Fraudsters can wreak havoc, creating an extensive record of bad debt and fraud associated with a child’s number. Currently, Social Security will issue a new number to anyone, child or adult, who can show that their number has been misused and that they have been harmed. However, in the case of a child, sometimes years go by before the family learns that a child’s number has been used for fraud. Under the bill, the Social Security Administration would issue a child a new Social Security number if their card is stolen from the mail. The fam-ily would no longer have to prove that harm has occurred before the child can be issued a new number. Madam Speaker, this is a common-sense measure, and I want to commend Mr. M
ARCHANT for thinking it up, thinking of it and responding to a need that was expressed to him by one of his constituents. It is a great measure. I am pleased to support it, and I urge all of my colleagues to support it. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Plano, Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ), who is the chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, I thank my fellow Texans, Mr. M
ARCHANT and Mr. D OGGETT , for introducing this commonsense bill. Children who have had their Social Security cards stolen from the mail be-fore it even gets to them deserve a new Social Security number. This helps these youngest victims of identity theft start out with a clean slate. It is the right thing to do, and I encourage my colleagues to support this common-sense legislation. As the chairman of the Social Secu-rity Subcommittee, I have been com-mitted to doing all I can to protect Americans from identity theft. This bill helps us get there. But, Madam Speaker, while this bill will help child victims of identity theft, the fact is that it still doesn’t fix the real prob-lem. The real problem is that we use So-cial Security numbers to both identify and authenticate people. It just doesn’t make sense, but we have been doing this for decades, and I think it is time to put a stop to it. When Social Security created Social Security numbers back in 1936, they were designed for a limited purpose: to track earnings and administer Social Security benefits for hardworking Americans. Back then, there wasn’t much thought about keeping your number secret. But as we all know, that has changed since these numbers are used for everything from getting credit to enrolling kids in school. Madam Speaker, H.R. 1512, the Social Security Child Protection Act, is a step in the right direction, and I urge all Members to support it. I also want to take this opportunity to begin a serious conversation about the future of Social Security numbers and how we use them. I invite Members to join me. The American people de-serve no less. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOG-
GETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Madam Speaker, the Social Security number really is a key to identity theft, and thieves have had a field day with these Social Security numbers and the identity theft and the invasion of privacy that occurs. A full 10 years ago, I authored a measure here in the House to remove this information from the Medicare card. The next session, finally in 2010, we were able to pass that through the House with the help of Representative J
OHNSON . It was a bipartisan initiative. Then the Senate didn’t pass it. When Republicans took over control of the House, Mr. J
OHNSON appro-priately took the lead on that legisla-tion, and he worked at it for a while, and, finally, in 2015, he got it passed to remove the Social Security number from the Medicare card. As Representative J
OHNSON knows, finally, now, 10 years from when we started in June of this year, it looks like seniors will begin getting their Medicare cards without the Social Se-curity number on it, to protect their privacy and to avoid the exploitation that has occurred. To his credit, Mr. M
ARCHANT has identified another group of very vul-nerable individuals: children. Carnegie Mellon did a study that reported that nearly 10 percent of America’s children have had their identity already stolen, and the Social Security number is a factor in that. That is significantly higher than it is for adults, some 51 times higher, according to the Carnegie Mellon study. Children are particularly vulnerable in this regard because they don’t have a driver’s license. They are really kind of a blank canvas. They don’t work, and they don’t establish credit. This al-lows theft and fraud to go undetected for many years in some cases. By the time that they are young adults, they could unknowingly be bur-ied in debt and face delays in very im-portant steps in their education, in their work, in getting their first job, in getting that driver’s license or apply-ing for a student loan. I salute Mr. MARCHANT for seeing that this is a problem. I am pleased to join him and my colleague, Mr. D
AVIS, from Chicago in supporting this meas-ure. Children and their parents or their guardians acting on their behalf de-serve a streamlined process that will allow for a child to be issued a new So-cial Security number long before any misuse occurs. b1630 No child should have to wait for the inevitable harm to come along and have their identity stolen before action occurs. Building on the success that we have had with seniors, and I hope in a much more prompt fashion than we were able to do it for seniors, we now, through Mr. M
ARCHANT ’s efforts, are working to ensure, once again on a bi-partisan basis, that we provide the same kind of protection for infants and children from baseless identity thieves. Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the legislation. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I will close. I am pleased to note that H.R. 1512 and other bills before us today take im-portant steps to decrease identity theft. I know that identity theft is one of the top issues that the Chicago Tax-payer Advocate addresses. Helping pre-vent identity fraud and helping tax-payers deal with identity theft are im-portant improvements. Madam Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I would like to say thank you to my colleagues on the committee who have worked on this bill, and especially Con-gressman D
OGGETT , who has helped every step of the way. H.R. 1512 is a very commonsense so-lution that is supported by the Asso-ciation of Mature American Citizens and the AARP. Madam Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD their letters of support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.063 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3377 April 17, 2018 
ASSOCIATION OF MATURE  A
MERICAN CITIZENS , Washington, DC, March 17, 2017. Hon. K
ENNY MARCHANT , 24th District, Texas, Washington, DC. Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , 35th District, Texas, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN MARCHANT AND CON-
GRESSMAN DOGGETT : On behalf of the 1.3 mil-lion members of AMAC, the Association of Mature American Citizens, I am writing in strong support of H.R. 1512, the Social Secu-rity Child Protection Act. This important piece of legislation offers more protection for children under 14 who have been victims of Social Security card theft. This bill is as timely as it is simple in protecting the iden-tities of our nation’s children. The Social Security Child Protection Act is a real-life solution to a real-time problem. As the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) re-cently reported, identity theft rose by 50% from 2014 to 2015. As millions of identities are compromised each year due to Social Se-curity card theft, children are becoming a more attractive target to identity thieves. H.R. 1512 does more to stem Social Security card theft by making it easier for parents to request new Social Security numbers for their children when their Social Security card has been stolen, in transit, from the So-cial Security Administration (SSA). Under current policy, parents of children under 14 are able to request a new Social Se-curity number only when they can dem-onstrate harm has occurred as a direct result of Social Security card theft. However, dem-onstrating a level of harm requisite with current policy is difficult for most parents because children do not typically participate in activities where harm from Social Secu-rity card theft would be made apparent (get-ting a driver’s license, buying a home, open-ing a line of credit, etc.). H.R. 1512 would make it easier for parents to get a new So-cial Security number for their children be-cause they would only need to show their child’s Social Security card was stolen in transit from the SSA—not that their child suffered harm. As an organization committed to rep-resenting the interests of mature Americans and seniors, AMAC is dedicated to ensuring senior citizens’ interests are protected. We thank Congressman Marchant and Congress-man Doggett for their commonsense and practical solution to protect children from identity theft. AMAC is pleased to offer our organization’s full support to the Social Se-curity Child Protection Act. Sincerely, D
ANWEBER , President and Founder of AMAC. 
AARP, Washington, DC, April 11, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, House of Representatives, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD E. N EAL, Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : On behalf of AARP’s 38 million members, I am writing in support of H.R. 1512, the Social Security Child Protection Act of 2017. The bill directs the Social Security Administration (SSA) to issue a new Social Security number to a child under the age of 14 if the confiden-tiality of the child’s previous number has been compromised due to the theft of the documentation. AARP is strongly com-mitted to protecting the confidentiality of Social Security numbers for American citi-zens of all ages. An individual’s Social Security number is critical financial information and integral to everyone’s personal identity. Many parents apply for Social Security numbers for their children soon after birth. Social Security numbers for all family members are used for a wide variety of purposes, including employ-ment and taxes. For these reasons, Social Security numbers must be afforded the high-est level of privacy protection to guard against financial fraud or identity theft. AARP has a long-standing public policy position to protect the integrity of Social Security numbers that specifically states that ‘‘companies, government agencies, and individuals should not be allowed to post or publicly display Social Security numbers, print them on cards, transmit them over the internet or by facsimile, or send them by mail without safety measures.’’ We appre-ciate your support to protect personal Social Security information and make this change in the law. We look forward to continuing to work with you to promote the integrity of the So-cial Security program, and to protect the identities of American workers and their families. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me. Sincerely, JOYCE A. R OGERS , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs. 
Mr. MARCHANT. Again, I encourage all Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ to make sure that children who have their So-cial Security cards stolen are pro-tected. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
ARCH -
ANT) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1512, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM IDENTITY THEFT ACT Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, pursuant to House Resolution 830, I call up the bill (H.R. 5192) to authorize the Commissioner of Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud protec-tion data to certain permitted entities, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
TEWART ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 830, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Ways and Means printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–68 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5192 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Chil-dren from Identity Theft Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REDUCING IDENTITY FRAUD. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to reduce the prevalence of synthetic identity fraud, which disproportionally affects vulner-able populations, such as minors and recent im-migrants, by facilitating the validation by per-mitted entities of fraud protection data, pursu-ant to electronically received consumer consent, through use of a database maintained by the Commissioner. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commissioner’’ means the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration. (2) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘finan-cial institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809). (3) F
RAUD PROTECTION DATA .—The term ‘‘fraud protection data’’ means a combination of the following information with respect to an in-dividual: (A) The name of the individual (including the first name and any family forename or surname of the individual). (B) The Social Security account number of the individual. (C) The date of birth (including the month, day, and year) of the individual. (4) P
ERMITTED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘permitted entity’’ means a financial institution or a serv-ice provider, subsidiary, affiliate, agent, con-tractor, or assignee of a financial institution. (c) E
FFICIENCY .— (1) R
ELIANCE ON EXISTING METHODS .—The Commissioner shall evaluate the feasibility of making modifications to any database that is in existence as of the date of enactment of this Act or a similar resource such that the database or resource— (A) is reasonably designed to effectuate the purpose of this section; and (B) meets the requirements of subsection (d). (2) E
XECUTION .—The Commissioner shall es-tablish a system to carry out subsection (a), in accordance with section 1106 of the Social Secu-rity Act. In doing so, the Commissioner shall make the modifications necessary to any data-base that is in existence as of the date of enact-ment of this Act or similar resource, or develop a database or similar resource. (d) P
ROTECTION OF VULNERABLE CON-
SUMERS .—The database or similar resource de-scribed in subsection (c) shall— (1) compare fraud protection data provided in an inquiry by a permitted entity against such information maintained by the Commissioner in order to confirm (or not confirm) the validity of the information provided, and in such a manner as to deter fraudulent use of the database or similar resource; (2) be scalable and accommodate reasonably anticipated volumes of verification requests from permitted entities with commercially reasonable uptime and availability; and (3) allow permitted entities to submit— (A) one or more individual requests electroni-cally for real-time machine-to-machine (or simi-lar functionality) accurate responses; and (B) multiple requests electronically, such as those provided in a batch format, for accurate electronic responses within a reasonable period of time from submission, not to exceed 24 hours. (e) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Before pro-viding confirmation of fraud protection data to a permitted entity, the Commissioner shall en-sure that the Commissioner has a certification from the permitted entity that is dated not more than 2 years before the date on which that con-firmation is provided that includes the following declarations: (1) The entity is a permitted entity. (2) The entity is in compliance with this sec-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.014 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3378 April 17, 2018 
(3) The entity is, and will remain, in compli-ance with its privacy and data security require-ments, as described in title V of the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) and as required by the Commissioner, with respect to information the entity receives from the Commis-sioner pursuant to this section. (4) The entity will retain sufficient records to demonstrate its compliance with its certification and this section for a period of not less than 2 years. (f) C
ONSUMER CONSENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law or regulation, a permitted enti-ty may submit a request to the database or simi-lar resource described in subsection (c) only— (A) pursuant to the written, including elec-tronic, consent received by a permitted entity from the individual who is the subject of the re-quest; and (B) in connection with any circumstance de-scribed in section 604 of the Fair Credit Report-ing Act (15 U.S.C. 1681b). (2) E
LECTRONIC CONSENT REQUIREMENTS .—For a permitted entity to use the consent of an indi-vidual received electronically pursuant to para-graph (1)(A), the permitted entity must obtain the individual’s electronic signature, as defined in section 106 of the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (15 U.S.C. 7006). Permitted entities must develop and use an electronic signature process in accordance with all Federal laws and requirements as des-ignated by the Commissioner. (3) E
FFECTUATING ELECTRONIC CONSENT .—No provision of law or requirement, including sec-tion 552a of title 5, United States Code, shall prevent the use of electronic consent for pur-poses of this subsection or for use in any other consent based verification under the discretion of the Commissioner. (g) C
OMPLIANCE AND ENFORCEMENT .— (1) A
UDITS AND MONITORING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner— (i) shall conduct audits and monitoring to— (I) ensure proper use by permitted entities of the database or similar resource described in subsection (c); and (II) deter fraud and misuse by permitted enti-ties with respect to the database or similar re-source described in subsection (c); and (ii) may terminate services for any permitted entity that prevents or refuses to allow the Com-missioner to carry out the activities described in clause (i) and may terminate or suspend services for any permitted entity as necessary to enforce any violation of this section or of any certifi-cation made under this section. (2) E
NFORCEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including the matter preceding paragraph (1) of section 505(a) of the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6805(a)), any viola-tion of this section and any certification made under this section shall be enforced in accord-ance with paragraphs (1) through (7) of such section 505(a) by the agencies described in those paragraphs. (B) R
ELEVANT INFORMATION .—Upon discovery by the Commissioner of any violation of this sec-tion or any certification made under this sec-tion, the Commissioner shall forward any rel-evant information pertaining to that violation to the appropriate agency described in subpara-graph (A) for evaluation by the agency for pur-poses of enforcing this section. (h) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts obligated to carry out this section shall be fully recovered from the users of the database or verification system by way of advances, reimbursements, user fees, or other recoveries as determined by the Commis-sioner. The funds recovered under this para-graph shall be deposited as an offsetting collec-tion to the account providing appropriations for the Social Security Administration, to be used for the administration of this section without fiscal year limitation. (B) PRICES FIXED BY COMMISSIONER .—The Commissioner shall establish the amount to be paid by the users under this paragraph, includ-ing the costs of any services or work performed, such as any appropriate upgrades, mainte-nance, and associated direct and indirect ad-ministrative costs, in support of carrying out the purposes described in this section, by reimburse-ment or in advance as determined by the Com-missioner. The amount of such prices shall be periodically adjusted by the Commissioner to en-sure that amounts collected are sufficient to fully offset the cost of the administration of this section. (2) I
NITIAL DEVELOPMENT .—The Commissioner shall not begin development of a verification system to carry out this section until the Com-missioner determines that amounts equal to at least 50 percent of program start-up costs have been collected under paragraph (1). (3) E
XISTING RESOURCES .—The Commissioner of Social Security may use funds designated for information technology modernization to carry out this section, but in all cases shall be fully reimbursed under paragraph (1)(A). (4) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Commissioner of So-cial Security shall annually submit to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the amount of indirect costs to the Social Security Administration aris-ing as a result of the implementation of this sec-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) and the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 5192, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, and I am grateful that it is being brought be-fore the House today. This bill aims to combat synthetic identity fraud by directing the Social Security Administration to accept electronic signatures when financial institutions want to verify their cus-tomers’ information. Synthetic identity fraud accounts for 80 percent of all credit card fraud losses today. It has been reported that a record $355 million in outstanding cred-it card balances was owed by people who it suspects didn’t exist in 2017, up more than eightfold from 2012. The Government Accountability Of-fice describes this type of fraud as in-volving the creation of a fictitious identity using a combination of real data, like a Social Security number or date of birth, from multiple individ-uals, along with fabricated informa-tion. H.R. 5192 is an important step in re-ducing fraud, while also ensuring that the Social Security Administration is able to continue providing important services and benefits. The SSA Commissioner is not al-lowed to begin development of the new verification system until the Commis-sioner determines that at least 50 per-cent of the program’s startup costs have been covered by users. After ini-tial development, users of the verifica-tion system are obligated to pay for the ongoing costs associated with this new workload by way of advances, re-imbursements, user fees, or other re-coveries, as determined by the Com-missioner. My south Florida district is far too familiar with fraudulent activity af-fecting the community, and sadly, chil-dren and immigrants are particularly vulnerable to these schemes. Over 1 million children have their identity stolen annually, and they are 50 times more likely than adults to be victims of identity theft. I am proud to partner with Rep-resentatives SINEMA , H ULTGREN , and M
ARCHANT on this important effort. I would also like to thank Chairman B
RADY and subcommittee Chairman J
OHNSON for their leadership and hard work, as well as the staff of the Social Security Subcommittee and the rest of the House Committee on Ways and Means staff who have worked on this legislation. I encourage all my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, to help modernize identity protections for our children. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, which was introduced by Representa-tives C
ARLOS CURBELO of Florida and K
YRSTEN SINEMA of Arizona. Our Nation is facing a growing epi-demic of so-called synthetic identity theft. This is a sophisticated form of fraud where the fraudster manufac-tures a fake identity using a legitimate Social Security number but combining it with a made-up name. Numbers that belong to children are especially valu-able for these fraudsters. This is be-cause children typically do not yet have a credit record. If they did, the credit record would reveal that the name and number do not match, mak-ing the number useless to the synthetic identity fraudster. Under this bill, banks and other cer-tified users could verify the customer’s name, Social Security number, and date of birth with Social Security’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.015 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3379 April 17, 2018 
own records. This would allow the bank to detect attempted synthetic identity theft. As under current law, banks would be required to get the consent of their customer in order to have the SSA verify information. Social Security would not provide any identity information back to the bank other than, yes, this is a match or, no, this does not match. This matching could occur more quickly than it does under current law, to re-flect the way commerce is conducted today. I am pleased that we were able to work in a bipartisan way to develop this legislation and to strengthen it as it moved through the committee proc-ess. We did so in several ways. First, we made sure that users of the system paid the full cost of developing it and conducting the verifications. We did not want to detract from the main mission of Social Security, which is to make sure Americans receive their earned Social Security benefits on time and in full. Second, we strengthened the security of the system to make it not subject to misuse. Americans’ personal informa-tion must be kept secure, and Social Security must only conduct the match-ing when the individual has given con-sent. I am pleased to say that Social Secu-rity’s track record on this is strong, and I expect they will carry on with their protectiveness of Americans’ pri-vate data as they design a new system. I urge my colleagues to support this bi-partisan legislation to protect children and fight identity theft. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AM J
OHNSON ), the distinguished chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
URBELO for yielding and for introducing this com-monsense and much-needed bill. Mr. Speaker, synthetic identity fraud is a real problem with real costs to the victims. One million children have their identity stolen each year, and they deserve to be protected. This leg-islation will also help stop criminals from stealing $1 billion a year by en-suring that we can verify a person is who he or she claims to be when apply-ing for a credit card. Synthetic identity fraud is a growing problem. Social Security must quickly take steps to get this important fraud- fighting tool up and running. As chair-man of the Social Security Sub-committee, I intend to make sure So-cial Security doesn’t hold this up in any way. While Social Security will provide this service, the users pay the full cost so Social Security’s budget won’t be impacted. Social Security has an important job: to make sure those who are eligible get the benefits they deserve. I am com-mitted to doing everything I can to protect all Americans from identity theft. H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, is the best way to stop synthetic identity fraud, and I urge you all to support it. The American people deserve nothing less. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 min-utes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ), the lead Democratic co-sponsor of this legislation. b1645 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act. Mr. Speaker, most of us assume our children are safe from identity theft. Most children don’t have credit cards, and many don’t have bank accounts, so why would they be targeted? Unfortu-nately, there is a new type of crime on the rise known as synthetic identity theft. This crime targets children and accounts for billions of dollars in cred-it card fraud. Synthetic identity theft is happening right now, and it is hurting real people. In Arizona, a 17-year-old girl discov-ered she had accumulated over $275,000 in debt because her Social Security number was linked to eight scammers and 42 accounts, including mortgages, auto loans, and credit cards. To pull off this fraud, criminals ob-tain a Social Security number with no prior credit history, and they use it to apply for a credit card under a fake name. While the first fraudulent credit card application is usually denied, the failed attempt creates a ‘‘synthetic identity’’ with credit bureaus. This al-lows thieves to apply for credit cards, other lines of credit, cell phones, and other activities that require a credit check. Over time, thieves are able to rack up mountains of debt and ruin kids’ credit before they have a chance to build their futures. Every day, Arizona families shouldn’t have to worry about their kids being targets of financial fraud and identity theft. Because financial criminals constantly use new tricks to steal children’s identities, we must modernize and strengthen ID verifica-tion for everyday financial activities. Our bill, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, fights back and gives Arizonans peace of mind. By directing the Social Security Adminis-tration to modernize its ID verification system to allow for more transactions to be screened and verified, we are tak-ing a commonsense step to ensure peo-ple are who they say they are. Our commonsense bill closes a key security gap, helping to stop synthetic identity theft in its tracks. Thank you to Chairman B
RADY and special thanks to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), my friend, for working together to protect our chil-dren and crack down on fraudsters. Ar-izonans value their privacy, and they want us to work together to protect it. I am happy to work across the aisle to bring financial criminals to justice and help hardworking Arizona families get ahead. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, first, let me thank my colleague, Ms. SINEMA . It is a pleasure to work with her and to team up, in a bipar-tisan manner, to fight fraud and to help the most vulnerable, in this case, the children. I am very grateful to her, for all her work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the Pro-tecting Children from Identity Theft Act. I would also like to begin by thank-ing Leader M
CCARTHY and my col-leagues on the Ways and Means Com-mittee, especially C
ARLOS CURBELO , for his support in bringing this legislation to the House floor. H.R. 5192 will bring the Social Secu-rity Administration into the 21st cen-tury to assist the private sector in combating identity fraud. Identity theft affects thousands, if not millions, of children and families a year. A re-port by Carnegie Mellon CyLab exam-ined more than 40,000 cases of identity theft and found that 10 percent of chil-dren in the study had someone else using their Social Security number. Among other things, children’s identi-ties were used to purchase homes and open credit card accounts. According to the information re-cently published by the Algonquin Patch, Illinois ranks number seven in the United States for identity theft. The median loss for fraud is nearly $500. Credit card fraud is the most com-mon type of fraud. For example, in Wilmette, Illinois, the Social Security number of a 13- year-old was used by a fraudster to open a credit card with a plan to use it to pay for plastic surgery. Imagine when these children go to get their first legitimate extension of credit, maybe a car loan or a student loan, only to find out that criminals have stolen their identities and wrecked their financial standing. The Protecting Children from Iden-tity Theft will strengthen the relation-ship between the public and private sectors in order to combat identity theft. Specifically, it will bring the So-cial Security Administration into the 21st century by allowing companies who meet strict regulatory standards to electronically confirm whether a name, date of birth, and Social Secu-rity number match. This will make it much easier for companies, such as credit card issuers, to ensure that they are only providing credit to legitimate applicants. This will prevent millions of dollars in fraud costs, not to mention preventing all of the headaches for my constituents whose identities will be at risk unless this bill is signed into law. Again, I want to encourage all of my colleagues to vote in support of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.068 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3380 April 17, 2018 
Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have no further re-quests for time, so I am going to move ahead and close. Mr. Speaker, I think we have seen much agreement on the floor today, pleasantly so. I really don’t know when I have seen as much agreement on a group of bills and legislation as I have seen on this day. And I guess it really means that all of us agree that we need to do everything that we can to protect ourselves from identity theft, that we need to look after the interest of chil-dren and protect them. I want to thank all of the staff from both sides of the aisle, even those who worked for subcommittees, as well as for the primary staff, for the tremen-dous amount of work that they have done. Again, it is a pleasure working with Mr. C
URBELO , and I guess if we don’t agree on everything, we do agree that all of us have a responsibility to file and pay income taxes in order to keep our government moving. It has been a pleasant day, not just for us, but I think all of our constitu-ents, who have watched the pro-ceedings, probably are saying to them-selves that they would love to see more days like this, and I would, too. So I urge passage of this bill and the others that we have had before us. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the com-ments of my colleague, Mr. D
AVIS, and I agree with him. This is certainly something to celebrate. The American people oftentimes see us arguing. It is less often that they see us collabo-rating, working together to advance policies that will improve quality of life in our country. That is why I want to again urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act. We need to do everything we can to safeguard our communities from these fraud schemes. This problem has worsened significantly over the past few years and is leaving families with debt they did not accrue and a weaker credit history. H.R. 5192 will help root out synthetic identity fraud through modernized ver-ification of customer information, and I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to help protect individuals across the country from this illegal ac-tivity. Once again, Mr. Speaker, my appre-ciation to Chairman B
RADY , to Rank-ing Member N
EAL, to Mr. D AVIS, to Mr. H
ULTGREN , to Ms. S INEMA , and to ev-eryone who has been a part of making this happen, so that, after we pass this legislation, children in our country won’t have to worry about having their identities stolen at such a young age. This kind of fraud can really ruin people’s lives, and today, we are work-ing together, as one united House, Re-publicans and Democrats, to fight fraud and to protect children, some of the most vulnerable people in our soci-ety. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 830, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 420, nays 1, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 142] YEAS—420 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Massie 
NOT VOTING—8 
Black Bridenstine DeLauro Jenkins (WV) Scalise Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Weber (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.070 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3381 April 17, 2018 
b1720 Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 142. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 833 Resolved, That the following named Mem-bers be and are hereby elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: (1) C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES .— Ms. Vela´zquez. (2) C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY .—Mr. Lamb (to rank imme-diately after Ms. Rosen). (3) C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS .—Mr. Lamb (to rank immediately after Mr. Correa). 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 141 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 141, a bill originally in-troduced by Representative Conyers of Michigan, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Geor-gia? There was no objection. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE NA-TIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMO-RIAL SERVICE AND THE NA-TIONAL HONOR GUARD AND PIPE BAND EXHIBITION Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Res-olution 115, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 115 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR NATIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMO-RIAL SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Grand Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police and its auxiliary shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the 37th Annual National Peace Officers Me-morial Service (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Memorial Service’’), on the Capitol Grounds, in order to honor the law enforce-ment officers who died in the line of duty during 2017. (b) D
ATE OF MEMORIAL SERVICE .—The Me- morial Service shall be held on May 15, 2018, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate, with preparation for the event to begin on May 11, 2018, and takedown completed on May 16, 2018. 
SEC. 2. USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR NA-TIONAL HONOR GUARD AND PIPE BAND EXHIBITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Grand Lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police and its auxiliary shall be permitted to sponsor a public event, the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Ex-hibition (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Exhibition’’), on the Capitol Grounds, in order to allow law enforcement representa-tives to exhibit their ability to demonstrate Honor Guard programs and provide for a bag-pipe exhibition. (b) D
ATE OF EXHIBITION .—The Exhibition shall be held on May 14, 2018, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate jointly designate. 
SEC. 3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under conditions to be prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board, the event shall be— (1) free of admission charge and open to the public; and (2) arranged not to interfere with the needs of Congress. (b) E
XPENSES AND LIABILITIES .—The spon-sors of the Memorial Service and Exhibition shall assume full responsibility for all ex-penses and liabilities incident to all activi-ties associated with the events. 
SEC. 4. EVENT PREPARATIONS. 
Subject to the approval of the Architect of the Capitol, the sponsors referred to in sec-tion 3(b) are authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplifi-cation devices, and other related structures and equipment, as may be required for the Memorial Service and Exhibition. 
SEC. 5. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for enforcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, in connection with the events. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO DECLARE A RECESS ON WEDNES-DAY, APRIL 25, 2018, FOR THE PURPOSE OF RECEIVING IN JOINT MEETING HIS EXCEL-LENCY EMMANUEL MACRON, PRESIDENT OF THE FRENCH RE-PUBLIC Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Wednesday, April 25, 2018, for the Speaker to declare a re-cess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excellency Emmanuel Ma-cron, President of the French Republic. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. f 
MAKE THE BAN ON DRILLING PERMANENT (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the eighth anniversary of the 2010 Deep-water Horizon oil spill in the central Gulf of Mexico. Accordingly, I rise today to, once again, vigorously oppose any effort to allow energy exploration in the eastern gulf. The ban on drilling east of the Military Mission Line, 86 degrees, 41 minutes west, was put in place in 2006 and is going to expire in 2022. We need to make it permanent. Our tourism industry in Florida and our residential development need pro-tection from offshore drilling. We need protection from the oil companies. Another spill like Deepwater Horizon would be an existential threat to Flor-ida. The clockwise loop current, which runs all down the west coast, would carry any chemicals that get into the water all down the west coast to Key West. We don’t need the eastern Gulf to be-come self-sufficient in energy, either. Technology and the shale revolution have taken care of that. The Western Hemisphere is already independent and the U.S. itself will be before long. It is estimated that the U.S. will supply 30 percent of Mexico’s gas by 2030. In the Permian Basin alone, one of the three producing sands is estimated to hold over 20 billion bar-rels of oil equivalence. As the CEO of Shell said recently: We will see peak demand for gasoline and oil within the decade. Shell’s latest offshore platform, the Vito, has been scaled back 80 percent from 40,000 tons to 8,900 tons because it is just not productive. Shell is investing in alternative ener-gies. Mr. Speaker, please protect Florida and make the ban permanent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.073 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3382 April 17, 2018 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION WEAK-ENS CLEAN AIR PROTECTIONS (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply concerned by the administra-tion’s continued assault on essential regulations that protect our health and our environment. All Americans need, deserve, and have a right to breathe clean air. His-torically, we have upheld that right to reasonable, science-based limits on pol-lution, but that tradition is under as-sault. Last week, the administration di-rected the EPA to weaken the stand-ards for ambient air pollution. By allowing for emissions trading, this directive will magnify existing en-vironmental injustices, enabling in-creased pollution in communities that already live with dangerously high con-centrations. The order also softens public health mandates under the Clean Air Act. It restricts what kind of scientific data regulators can use, and it increases their workloads without providing new resources. Mr. Speaker, if we ignore the best available science or if we starve agen-cies of the resources they need to actu-ally uphold commonsense limits, then we are not protecting the American people. Last week’s directive was dangerous and a needless mistake. Like the rest of this administration’s dirty energy agenda, it needs to be reversed. 
f 
b1730 HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LINDA LAMBOURNE (Mr. KNIGHT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Linda Lambourne, a loving wife, com-passionate mother, dedicated public servant, and a pillar in the community of Santa Clarita. Linda served this esteemed body as an aide to my predecessor, Congress-man Buck McKeon. She later contin-ued her public service in the office of my dear friend, California State sen-ator, Scott Wilk. Her energy, kindness, and commit-ment to the people of her community was felt by everyone who had the privi-lege of meeting her. Linda was deeply admired and loved by her family and the people of Santa Clarita. Mr. Speaker, although she was diag-nosed with ALS nearly 3 years ago, Linda never lost her vibrant spirit, as her memory continues, to this day, to be a light in our community. She is survived by her husband, Steve; her two daughters, Lindsey and Angie; and her five grandchildren. While California may have lost a dear friend with her passing, her joy and wealth of kindness will continue to spread from everyone she touched. May God bless her and her family, and may she rest in peace. f 
TAX DAY 2018 (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, as Jus-tice Oliver Wendell Holmes put it: ‘‘Taxes are the price we pay for a civ-ilized society.’’ I rise today because, with the enact-ment of the Republican tax bill, the American people have been getting the short end of that deal. When the majority jammed through their tax bill, we all knew it was a massive giveaway to the super-wealthy and the well-connected. Now we see the evidence, tax day. The vast majority of tax cuts have gone to stock buybacks, dividends, and corporate mergers, while only a sliver of the benefits have found their way to American workers. On top of that, it will be ordinary Americans and our children and grand-children who will shoulder the trillions of dollars of debt and threats to cut the very Federal programs that help them and their families make ends meet. Americans deserve better than the Republican tax bill, massive debt, and never-ending dysfunction. They deserve better jobs, better wages, and a better future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEGACY OF HAROLD ‘‘HAL’’ SNOPEK (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the legacy of Harold ‘‘Hal’’ Snopek of Binghamton, New York. Mr. Hal Snopek was the beloved Chenango town supervisor and, sadly, passed away last month. Hal graduated from Chenango Forks High School, where he was a multiyear letterman, setting several school records, one which still stands today. He was in-ducted into the New York State Public High School Hall of Fame Athletic As-sociation in 1991. Hal was also a devoted car salesman at JW Greene for over 25 years. He was appointed to the Chenango town board in 2004, and served as the town’s cur-rent supervisor. Hal was deeply devoted to his family, leaving behind his loving wife and high school sweetheart, Donna, his daugh-ters, Tami and Tina, four grand-children, and two great-grandchildren. Along with being a dedicated public servant, Hal was a loving husband, dad, grandfather, and ‘‘Pop Pop.’’ He was a parishioner at the former St. Chris-topher’s Church, where he and Donna were married 57 years ago, and he was currently active at Most Holy Rosary. In his later years, Hal enjoyed driv-ing all over town with his wife, Donna, in his 1932 Chevy. He was known as a Mr. Fix-It and loved to work on cars. Hal was also known for his warm heart and great sense of humor. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recog-nizing Hal’s contributions to the town of Chenango over the past two decades. Our deepest condolences to Hal’s fam-ily on the loss of an honored and be-loved member of our community. f 
HONORING SERGEANT FIRST CLASS (RETIRED) ROY F. TACHIAS (Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great New Mexican and American hero, Sergeant First Class Roy Tachias of Albuquerque, who is here with us today. In 1950, Roy Tachias was deployed to Korea, where he saw fierce combat. One night, Roy was ordered to mount a for-ward listening post. That night, in darkness, he witnessed the Chinese Army approaching. Alone, Roy began to shout, shoot, and throw grenades at the waves of soldiers. This threw the enemy into disarray and stopped the attack. By morning, Sergeant Tachias had single-handedly killed 33 enemy sol-diers and taken one prisoner. He earned the Silver Star for conspicuous gal-lantry and heroism. Stars and Stripes called him the ‘‘One Man Army.’’ Ser-geant Tachias was wounded five times in Korea and received the Purple Heart with a Bronze Star with valor. After the war, Roy married and set-tled in California. He eventually re-turned to the Army and served two tours in Vietnam, where his leadership and bravery earned him another Bronze Star. In 1976, he retired and returned home to New Mexico. It is with great gratitude, pride, and respect that we recognize his service today. New Mexico is humbled by his lifetime of service that began on the Korean Peninsula in 1950, and has con-tinued to inspire those around him. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SYLVESTER COMPREHENSIVE CANCER CENTER (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center at my alma mater, the University of Miami. Sylvester is the only university-based cancer center in South Florida. With locations from Miami to Coral Springs, it serves one of the most diverse re-gions in the Nation. We are lucky to have Sylvester be-cause, unfortunately, Florida has the second highest rate of cancer in the country. This is why, every day, more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.076 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3383 April 17, 2018 
than 250 doctors and scientists at Syl-vester work tirelessly to discover ex-citing breakthroughs and lead the search to find a cure for cancer. Sylvester is also committed to in-creasing access to prevention and early detection for South Florida’s most vul-nerable and high-risk communities. The center will soon be launching a cutting-edge mobile screening unit to serve thousands throughout South Florida. Mr. Speaker, I would like to con-gratulate all of the doctors, the nurses, and the researchers at Sylvester Can-cer Center on their amazing success, and thank them for providing highly specialized and unique cancer treat-ment for all of our South Florida com-munity residents. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PASSING OF RICK ANTLE (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passing of Rick Antle, an absolute legend of the agri-culture industry in our Salinas Valley and all across our great Nation. Rick was the president and CEO of the produce giant, Tanimura & Antle. T&A’s success was due to Rick’s and his family’s stewardship of the environ-ment, as well as his employees. For the farmworkers, who he called the back-bone of his business, he provided state- of-the-art healthcare and housing, and invited all of his employees to join a stock option program so that they could become owners of the company. The way he ran T&A was a testament to his caring personality and his polit-ical philosophy. Yet, for Rick, nothing was more im-portant than family. A beloved son, a devoted husband and soulmate to his wife, Tonya, a doting grandfather, and a dedicated father, Rick’s love for his family, generosity to his employees, and contributions to the agriculture community and to our community will never be forgotten. That is why I will never forget his son, Brian, recounting the best piece of advice Rick ever gave him, which was that ‘‘the best fertilizer a farmer can ever use is his shadow.’’ To me, that philosophy sums up Rick and the Antle family, and that is why he will always be there, and that is why Rick Antle will always be with us. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MAYOR RONNIE E. JACOBS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of Nahunta mayor, Ronnie E. Jacobs, who passed away on Thursday, March 29, at the age of 64. Mayor Jacobs had been the mayor of Nahunta, Georgia, in Georgia’s First Congressional District, for over 15 years and across four dif-ferent decades. Mayor Jacobs lived in Nahunta for his entire life, taking great pride in his town, and truly caring about its resi-dents and well-being. A testament to his hard work for the well-being of Nahunta, Mayor Jacobs founded Neigh-bors Helping Neighbors there in 2004, which is a nonprofit that helps citizens search for jobs, purchase homes, apply for nutrition assistance, and much more. Mayor Jacobs has also done an excep-tional job guiding his residents through unique situations for Nahunta, including population changes, hurri-canes, and wildfires. Mayor Jacobs will be remembered by many in Nahunta as one of the best leaders the city has ever had. His fam-ily and the city of Nahunta are in my thoughts and prayers. f 
SEVERE RAIN AND FLOODING IN KAUAI AND EAST OAHU (Ms. HANABUSA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague, Congress-woman T
ULSI GABBARD , to call atten-tion to the damage done by severe rain and flooding on the island of Kauai and in East Oahu. It was an unexpected spring storm and, according to the National Weather Service, the town of Hanalei received more than 27 inches of rain over the weekend. Hanalei is home to my very good friends, the Haraguchis. Thankfully, Mr. Speaker, there are no reports of injuries, and for that we are lucky and grateful. However, the images of mudslides, mangled road-ways, and severely damaged homes is heartbreaking. It is encouraging to watch neighbors helping neighbors and strangers coming together to share food, electricity, and water. Kauai suffered a direct hit from a hurricane and is home to the wettest place on planet Earth. Yet, their mayor, Bernard Carvalho, who was born and raised on the island, declared the disaster ‘‘the worst.’’ On Oahu, during a 24-hour rainfall from 4 p.m. Friday to 4 p.m. Saturday, more rain fell in Niu Valley in one day than in all of April 2017. Flooding closed a major highway, filled homes with waist-deep water, and washed de-bris out to sea. FEMA is working with State and county officials and is prepared to ini-tiate Federal assistance the moment the Governor asks for it. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all our col-leagues stand with us and to have pray-ers for the people of Hawaii. 
f 
EXTEND THE BIODIESEL AND RE-NEWABLE DIESEL TAX INCEN-TIVES (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on my colleagues in Congress to extend the biodiesel and renewable diesel tax incentives through the end of this year. For many years, biodiesel producers, blenders, and marketers have endured inconsistent Federal tax treatment, while being asked to wait for a much- needed thoughtful and comprehensive look at energy tax policy. We just cele-brated the end of an old, outdated, and out-of-touch Tax Code, and it is time to deal with the last pieces of uncer-tainty. Biodiesel provides important envi-ronmental and economic benefits across the country, helps us reduce our reliance on foreign energy sources, and is a reliable source of American-made energy. Production has long been sty-mied by the on-again, off-again policy Congress has been implementing, and we must provide certainty to the mar-kets and to all the producers, blenders, and marketers whose livelihood de-pends on biodiesel. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and extend the biodiesel and renewable diesel tax incentives to the end of this year, and work with me and others, in a bipartisan way, to find a more permanent solution to this sys-tem of irresponsible stopgap tax exten-sions. f 
GOP TAX SCAM (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as cer-tain as March 20 is the first day of spring, today, April 17, at midnight, is the tax filing deadline for 2017 returns. Months after passing the $1.8 trillion deficit-busting tax giveaway, Repub-licans are still trying to sell their trickle-down tax scam. In fact, Republicans are so desperate to spin the tax scam that a GOP-sanc-tioned PAC group will spend $1 million on TV ads to convince us of what we know isn’t true. The American people aren’t buying it. Republicans’ huge tax bonanzas to corporations and billionaires is not trickling down to the American people. It is billions of dollars in tax givebacks to major corporations, but 12 cents to the average worker. Instead of stuffing the tax scam with corporate giveaways, we should have closed the carried interest loophole, one of many promises President Trump made during his campaign and then broke. That loophole lets hedge fund managers pay a 20 percent tax on their investment profits instead of the 37 percent individual income tax. The Republican tax plan is pure greed, and we should reverse it at our first opportunity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.078 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3384 April 17, 2018 
b1745 HONORING THE LIFE OF CALLA MEDIG (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Calla Medig. Going to the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas had become an annual tradition for Calla. She would always take time off from her job as a waitress in Ed-monton, Canada, so she could travel to Las Vegas just for the festival. Calla was a hard worker and was about to become the newest manager at her restaurant. She was a mature, grounded, and lighthearted person. Calla will be remembered for being kind and warmhearted and for being someone who would always greet you with a beaming smile. I extend my condolences to Calla Medig’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE EXTRAOR-DINARY LIFE OF THE LATE HON-ORABLE LOUISE SLAUGHTER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota). Under the Speak-er’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, it is with deep sadness that I rise to celebrate the extraordinary life of our great friend, colleague, mentor, inspiration, and much-respected Congresswoman, Louise Slaughter. We met a long time ago in 1983, when both of us entered as freshmen in the New York State Assembly. I under-stood in that moment of meeting that there was greatness there, and it only built beyond what I anticipated through the years. Louise was a woman of great respect, of great charm, of intellect, integrity, and passion for doing the right thing. And, Louise, this evening, we just say thank you for the impact that you have had on our lives and, more impor-tantly, on the people for whom you have spoken and for those who have been impacted favorably by your sound works. We call to mind this evening the peo-ple of the 25th Congressional District of New York, who have lost a great voice in this Chamber, and those of other districts’ iterations that she rep-resented through the years that she served in this remarkable body. We call to mind Don and her Rules staff. People who were there as com-mittee people assisting her in her every move. We call to mind Liam and her crew here in D.C. and at home in the district office, and certainly her family and friends, people who have worked with her through the years. It is a great loss for all of us. Louise did everything with charm. When Louise introduced herself to newly elected House Speaker Jim Wright as a newly entering Member back in 1986, she spoke in that wonder-ful upstate New York accent, inflected with her deep Kentucky roots, which Speaker Wright immediately dis-cerned. In her very forward way, she threw out her hand to shake his, and she in-troduced herself to the new Speaker: Mr. Speaker, I’m Louise Slaughter from upstate New York. And he responded: It’s about time up-state New York elected somebody with-out an accent. Louise was a great storyteller. She had this way of really personalizing an issue and making it so human that you couldn’t shake. She brought the rel-evance of issues to human life. There was no better storyteller than Louise Slaughter, and she peppered everything with her unique and delightful sayings that were such a signature of her per-sonality. She was a person of extraordinary in-tegrity and courage. I remember sit-ting with her and some of our col-leagues when Bob passed, her late hus-band. I know how much she loved him and how much he loved her, and I can-not imagine the pain she felt in that moment. But I watched her steel her-self, pick herself up and go on, just the way Bob would have been wanted, an expression of the deepest love and re-spect I have ever been privileged to witness. Louise had a devotion to public serv-ice that was born of the 1960s in a truly aspirational moment for our country, an era that gave birth to a newfound driven political generation. And I like to imagine Louise in that moment lis-tening to the voices of the people, read-ing news of conflict, of hope for racial and social justice, of fights for peace in the face of seemingly endless war in Vietnam, and empowering women and speaking for our environment, all set with extraordinary music. Bob Dylan’s ‘‘Blowin’ In The Wind’’ gave us a series of intractable ques-tions about peace, about war, about freedom, at a time when those ques-tions were on the lips of every single American. And Louise, speaking about blowing in the wind, was never a weather vane politician. Amidst the uncertainty and conflict of that mo-ment, she forged herself a backbone of steel and never wavered, never blew with the wind. She did what was right, and it didn’t have to be popular. Bob had a love and passion for poli-tics as great as his wonderful wife, Louise. They were such a Washington couple. Bob would sometimes drive Louise back and forth from Rochester, New York, to Albany. He was known as an incredibly thoughtful and brilliant partner who supported Louise tire-lessly. Their activism began with their fight to protect Hart’s Woods in Perinton, just outside of Rochester. Louise would go on to organize Democrats in Perinton, and Bob went on to found the Genesee Valley People’s Power Coali-tion, fighting against rate increases by Rochester Gas and Electric Corpora-tion. Bob and Louise loved their family above all, and tonight I want to recog-nize their daughters—Megan Secatore, Amy Slaughter, and Emily Robin Mi-nerva—and thank them and their fami-lies for the gift of their mother’s time and their unselfish giving of her so that she could serve our Nation. Megan and Amy and Emily, this Na-tion owes you a debt of thanks for the extraordinary spirit and achievement of your parents, our great and dearly departed friends, Louise and Bob Slaughter. I have to speak of them as a team. Louise left her imprint on all whom she served in Rochester and in Wash-ington and for a generation yet unborn. Louise’s passion and foresight live on through the lasting and extraordinary legacy of her work and through the service that she provided, knowing that that service will continue long into the future. She was recognized as a fighter for the common, ordinary person, and that is the greatest tribute we can offer her. We say thank you to a humble servant who picked up the task and did it mas-terfully well. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York’s 16th Congressional District (Mr. E
NGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague for yielding to me. I think he really just said it all. I had the pleasure of knowing Louise for almost 40 years. We served together in the New York State Assembly up in Albany, New York, and I was senior to her in the New York State Assembly. She ran for Congress a few years before I did, and she was senior to me here. I never stopped teasing her about that to remind her that she may be senior here, but if you put the length of our terms together, I am senior to her, and we always got a kick out of that and always laughed. One thing about Louise is what you saw is what you got. Louise spoke her mind. She wasn’t afraid to stand up to power. She was always thinking of the good for the country and for New York and her congressional district. And there was no other calculation in what she did. It was just feeling good trying to help the people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.081 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3385 April 17, 2018 
She was outspoken, and she said what was on her mind, and she knew more things than many of us have for-gotten. She knew them, and she re-membered them, and she would always have a little quip or a little thing to say that would really make you laugh and would make you feel like you were with a friend. And she kind of gave you the inside scoop on a bunch of things. You know, she was the Member of Congress who was the oldest Member of Congress, and you would never know it. When I first found out how old she was, I thought it was a misprint. She was al-ways young. Until the day she died, she was young, young and having a passion and a belief of helping people and hav-ing a belief in government and govern-ment was there to do good for people and to be a good tool, not, as some peo-ple would say, that government is the enemy. Louise always believed that govern-ment should be and could be and would be a friend: a friend to do things for people, for seniors, for poor people, for immigrants. If you needed someone to come and help you work for any cause that was a right cause, all you had to do was ask Louise, and she always said yes. Now, our offices back in the Rayburn building are opposite each other. So you go down the hallway. If you turn left, you are in my office; if you turn right, you are in her office. So I often got to meet her when we were going to votes and got to say things to her about New York politics, and she really had the in, the scoop. She really knew what it was. I am going to miss her. I already miss her. I know we have so many of our colleagues from New York who are here because all of us together have a heartfelt appreciation of what it was to be Louise and to be Louise’s friend. You know that twang she had from Kentucky? She always proudly told ev-eryone she was from Kentucky, but her heart was really from New York, and I will miss her dearly. Rest peacefully, my friend. We all love you. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York’s Sev-enth Congressional District (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ). Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding time to me and thank my friends for orga-nizing this tribute. Louise was a remarkable woman, an astute legislator, a skilled negotiator, and a gifted debater. She will be re-membered for all those traits. But she will also be remembered for her com-passion, her humor, and the many kindnesses she extended to all of us. I will always recall the many times coming down to this very floor to speak and hearing Louise arguing for fairness and opposing policies bad for our Nation. She was a fierce orator with a sharp wit. When she disagreed with how this House was doing busi-ness, she let it be known. She was a passionate voice for pro-gressive values. Like a New Yorker, she never backed down from a fight. If she wanted to get something done, she dug in her heels and fought like hell for it. But, as a daughter of the South, she will equally be remembered for her amazing wit, her gentle touch, her dis-arming smile, and her genuine friend-ships on both sides of the aisle. What is remarkable is that, at the end of the day, when the debate con-cluded and the votes were taken, Lou-ise was known for sharing a laugh with her colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle. Someone once described her as ‘‘a combination of Southern charm and backroom politics, a Southern belle with a cigar in her mouth.’’ She truly was larger than life. When Louise came to Congress, there were far fewer women in this body. She helped lead the way for so many of us who came after, breaking down bar-riers. So many of us owe her a debt of gratitude for the trails she blazed. As a fellow New Yorker, as a fellow female Member of Congress, but most of all, as her friend, I know I will miss her. This body is better served for her service, and the U.S. House will cer-tainly be a less colorful place without seeing her on the floor, leading debates on the rules with her Kentucky accent and her commitment to progressive values. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for the opportunity to speak. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York’s 17th Congressional District (Mrs. LOWEY ). Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, our Na-tion still grieves the loss of a great New Yorker, Louise Slaughter. I will never forget when Louise and I, still just junior Congresswomen at the time, charged up the steps of the U.S. Senate to demand that Anita Hill be allowed to testify against Clarence Thomas. b1800 Louise never lost that fighting spirit, fearlessness, and commitment to jus-tice, equality, and women’s rights. She broke barriers, becoming the first woman to chair the House Rules Committee, and set a strong example of public services and principled leader-ship as dean of the New York congres-sional delegation. As a leading champion of women’s empowerment, she proudly represented Seneca Falls, the site of the first wom-en’s rights convention. It was an honor to charge alongside Louise up the steps of the Senate that fall day years ago, and during the many battles we fought together for America’s healthcare, women’s rights, opportunity for work-ing men and women, and so much more. New York, the Congress, and our country have suffered an immeasurable loss. I do pray that Congresswoman Slaughter’s family and the legions of staff who served her may find comfort knowing her great legacy and many ac-complishments have improved the lives of so many Americans. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), from New York’s 12th Congressional District. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman for yielding and for his incred-ible leadership in supporting Louise, organizing all of her many elections, and organizing this tribute to her to-night. No one was a better public servant or fighter for her constituents than Lou-ise Slaughter. Her passing is a huge loss for New York, for the House, and for all of us. She worked for people right up until the day she died. When I first came to Congress, Louise took me under her wing. For that, and her friendship, I will be forever grateful. I truly miss her dearly, but I am com-forted knowing the legacy that she leaves behind. When Louise became a Member of the House in 1987, she was one of just 25 fe-male leaders. Today, we number more than 100. I have no doubt that her lead-ership and the example she set as the first female chair of the House Rules Committee led to more women running for office. She was a trailblazer, and she broke down doors for people, for women, and for real change in this country. While I could go on and on about her legislative achievements, including the Violence Against Women Act—the first bill that I worked on when I came to Congress with Louise—she was the lead Democrat along with then-Senator Biden. It was a transformational bill that addressed violence against women. She fought years for it. Many people thought it was a personal affair, a fam-ily affair, and she fought to making it a legal affair that women should be protected in any and every cir-cumstance. It had money in it to train police and prosecutors to be more sen-sitive to the needs of women and the violence against them. She was a biologist by training and was very proud of this background. She was a leader on FDA health issues and was the first to introduce genetic infor-mation and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act that became a central part of the Affordable Care Act, that you should not hold preexisting conditions and prevent healthcare for people because of preexisting condi-tions. She considered that one of her great-est achievements. She led the debate on the floor for the Democrats for the Affordable Care Act and its passage. She oversaw that historic debate. Her impact extends far beyond the bills that she passed and the commit-tees that she chaired. She was the first woman to chair most of the commit-tees that she became part of. During her 31 years in Congress, she was a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.082 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3386 April 17, 2018 
mentor to many female Members and, because of that, played a major role in shaping our party and coalition we are today. She was a leader for New York, and she was a leader for Democrats in New York. She was one of the first Demo-crats to be elected in upstate New York, and everyone running for office in upstate New York, the first person they went to was Louise Slaughter. I am proud to have called her a dear friend and mentor and grateful to be able to pay tribute to her and to say thank you to her and her family. She adored her late husband, Bob, and we all appreciate the great impact she had on me, on this Congress, and on our Na-tion. Louise, we miss you. You are in our hearts. Thank you, dear friend. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative Y
VETTE CLARKE of New York’s Ninth Congressional Dis-trict. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative T
ONKO  for leading this Special Order hour in commemoration of our dear colleague, the Honorable Louise Slaughter. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues on the floor today to honor a remarkable woman. Words just couldn’t adequately capture the sense of sadness I felt after hearing of the loss of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter, the dean of the New York delegation. Louise dedicated her life’s work to the people of western New York and, indeed, all Americans across our great Nation. She embodied a spirit of strength, wisdom, and grace, and she was beautiful inside and out. She rep-resented the very best of the American spirit, our values, and our ideals. Louise was a trailblazer and was the first woman to serve as chair and rank-ing member of the powerful House Rules Committee. She commanded the respect and admiration of all of her colleagues. Having had the honor of serving with Louise has enriched my passion for service and my commit-ment to fight for the most vulnerable amongst us. Louise was indeed a woman on whose shoulders I stand. The United States Congress has lost an esteemed leader, the New York delegation has lost a be-loved dean, and I have lost a cherished friend and mentor. It was my great privilege to serve with Louise Slaughter, and she is missed immensely. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) from New York’s 10th Con-gressional District. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am heartbroken at the loss of Louise Slaughter, who was a dear friend and a beloved colleague. I first met Louise when she was elected to the New York State Assembly in 1982, and E
LIOT ENGEL and Louise Slaughter and I sat next to each other on the Assembly floor. She was only with us in the Assembly for 4 years and then she came here. I trailed her by an-other 6 years. She always was a champion of up-state New York, which caused people to do a double take when they heard her southern lilt. She was a champion of so many things before their time. She was a champion for women’s rights. She was a passionate leader as co-chair of the Pro-Choice Caucus for many years. She protected the freedom of every woman to live, work, and start a family on her own terms. She was, as you have heard, the chairman at one point, the leading Democrat on the House Rules Com-mittee. She was tough, determined, and compassionate, and she was a fighter. She was a fighter for the vul-nerable and those without a voice. She was a microbiologist before she came into politics. And she left a last-ing imprint of that with her Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act when we started to get the ability to deal with the genomics. She under-stood before anybody else the poten-tials for good and for bad, and she wrote and eventually got into law the Genetic Information Nondiscrimina-tion Act so people wouldn’t be dis-criminated against on the basis of their genetic traits. She wrote the STOCK Act, to pro-hibit Congress Members from trading on inside knowledge, which not every Member of Congress was thrilled with. But she was more than just her legisla-tive accomplishments. She was a gra-cious and true friend who brought joy and laughter into every room, and she had a great sense of humor. When she ran for Congress the first time, she ran against an incumbent who, being in the minority party at that time, was in the habit of voting ‘‘no’’ on a lot of things. And she labeled him in the campaign as the ‘‘Abomi-nable No-Man.’’ So she had a sense of humor which other people appreciated, and she will long be remembered for her sense of humor, for her decency, her humanity, and her tireless, fearless work for everyone. The Halls of the Capitol feel dimin-ished without her. And I have realized over the last few weeks how lucky we all were to know her, to work with her, to call her a friend. We will always miss her, and this institution will be diminished by her absence. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative JOHN KATKO from New York’s 24th Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of one of my dear friends and colleagues, Representative Dorothy Louise McIntosh Slaughter. Congresswoman Slaughter passed away last month at the age of 88 after more than 31 years of service in the House of Representatives representing the people of Rochester, New York. Born a coal miner’s daughter from Kentucky, Louise quickly became a true native daughter of upstate New York, exemplifying its values and rep-resenting her fellow constituents with the zeal and tenacity that was unrivaled in her storied tenure. Becoming the first woman to chair the House Rules Committee, Congress-woman Slaughter was a pioneer in her advocacy for issues ranging from con-gressional transparency to health pro-tections for those with preexisting con-ditions. I had the distinct honor, pleasure, and privilege to work with Representa-tive Slaughter on a whole host of issues that affect our neighboring com-munities in upstate New York and the Nation at large. Whether it was tack-ling the opioid epidemic, or ensuring our citizens had access to clean drink-ing water, I am proud, but humbled, to say Louise and I worked side by side. For Louise, the interest of her con-stituents and fellow Americans rose above all else as she embodied the true meaning of bipartisanship, readily reaching across the aisle to people like me, in spite of party or public pressure, to achieve the common good. Rest peacefully, Louise. I will miss your lovely demeanor and your won-derful smile. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative JOHN LEWIS, who represents Georgia’s Fifth Congres-sional District. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Brother P
AUL, for yielding. It is hard. It is difficult to stand here and know that Sister Louise Slaughter is not here. We came to Congress to-gether, and, from time to time, she would call me Brother J
OHN. I loved Sister Louise. She would talk. She would laugh. She was smart, gifted, and brave. She was courageous and sometimes very bold. I will never forget the trip to Rochester to be with her and see how the people loved her, adored her. I think when God created Sister Louise, he destroyed the mold. She was one of a kind, so won-derful. I miss her every single day. I thank Brother P
AULfor doing this. Sister Louise would be very proud of him. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Brother J
OHNfor his comments. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Rep-resentative N
ANCY PELOSI from Cali-fornia, our former Speaker, our Demo-cratic leader, our minority leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I think this may have happened to me at the funeral as well when I followed J
OHN L
EWIS at the podium. What a task. I thank the gentleman for being such an inspiration and thank him for loving Louise so much as we know she loved Brother J
OHNas well. Aren’t we proud of P
AULTONKO and his relationship with Louise, a friend-ship that goes back to the State legis-lature many years ago in New York. Louise came 31 years ago to the Con-gress. He came more recently, but his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.086 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3387 April 17, 2018 
friendship goes back longer. So dear was he to her. So here we have Louise—and I don’t have a magic minute, so this is not an 8-hour proposition in high heels, al-though I would love to do that for Lou-ise any time—but let me just make some wishes. I wish you could have all been in Rochester for Louise’s memo-rial service to hear her grandchildren talk about her. As a grandmother myself, and any time I go to a service now, I think: What do the grandchildren think? What do they know about their grand-mother? Do they know how much their grandmother loved them? Louise’s grandchildren do and did. Hopefully we will be hearing more from them. b1815 They spoke magnificently about her personally—not so great about her cooking, not that day anyway. But, anyway, they just loved her so much. She was about the future, but she had a tremendous respect for the past as well. So when many of us, Brother J
OHN, visited her in Rochester, we would go to Susan B. Anthony’s home to see where so much of women’s rights began. She would take us across the borderline of the district to see where it all began at Seneca Falls. She took such ownership of our suffragettes and her responsibility to carry forth their courage and their possibilities for the future. She was a Southern belle with a Southern charm and a Northern time-table. So you never wanted to waste too much time not giving in to Louise because eventually she would have her way. Save yourself some time: What-ever you say, Louise. She was a beautiful person to serve with. Many of our colleagues want to speak about her. I will have another opportunity tomorrow, but I did want to add my voice, once again, to our col-leagues’, as we speak about her with great respect, admiration, and affec-tion that is about Louise Slaughter. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). Representative A NNA ESHOO  represents the 18th District. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank our colleague and dear friend, P
AULTONKO , for organizing this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, to all of Congress-woman Slaughter’s staff that is here, we pay tribute to them. She loved them, and she would talk about each one of them. I don’t know which one is which, but she thought that we all knew which one was which. She had all the stories straight. She was so proud of them. There is so much to be said about Louise. She was a great mother. She was a fabulous wife to Bob. She was a microbiologist. She was a great grand-mother. She represented a district in western New York with a Kentucky ac-cent. I don’t think that will ever hap-pen again. She had a beautiful singing voice. I don’t know how many Members know that. When our country was attacked and the Congress went out in front of the Capitol, it was Congresswoman Slaughter who started singing ‘‘God Bless America,’’ and everyone joined in on that. She was not only proud to represent the home of the feminists, those revo-lutionaries, she was one herself, and she was damn proud of it. She wasn’t an apologist for any of it. She was proud of it because she understood that that was what was going to move America forward. She loved this House. She had a home on the Hill, and she had a home in her district, but she loved this House. She used to stand right here. This is where she did her work. Mr. Speaker, don’t cross Louise. Don’t ever cross Louise. She was a lady, but I will tell you something, you would feel the wrath of Louise Slaugh-ter if you went the other way on her. The way I will always remember Lou-ise is that she knew how to love. She knew how to love well. She had a fierceness about her in taking care of her constituents. They belonged to her, and she belonged to them. As the lead-er recalled, the tribute they paid to her at her memorial I think was second to none. So, Louise, my friend, no one is ever going to fill your shoes around here, but we stand taller because we knew you. She showed us the right way to be a friend, the best way to represent peo-ple, and how to fight tough and fight hard for the right things. I loved Louise’s accent. When you would see her on the floor, she would say: ANNA, have I told you this week that I just love you? When she spoke, it was as if her words were just a security blanket around you. You knew that she meant it. It was tender, it was loving, and you knew that you had one of the best part-ners you could ever have in any under-taking. I think that Louise is very happy in heaven. I have no doubt that she is chairing the big Rules Committee in the sky. I have no doubt that when she got to the gate, there was absolutely no discussion whatsoever as to whether she was going to take a high place in heaven because of everything that she did on Earth. So, Louise, be happy there. You earned it. We miss her here, but we know that her spirit is with us, it always will be, and that we will love her across eter-nity. 
There was a poet that wrote these beau-tiful words: So she passed over, and all the trumpets sounded for her on the other side. 
God rest you, Louise. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
AP-
TUR.) Congresswoman M ARCY KAPTUR  represents Ohio’s Ninth District. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, what a privilege it is to be with our colleagues tonight to join together to pay tribute to our friend, Louise McIntosh Slaugh-ter, born in Harlan County, Kentucky, who wrote fresh pages in American his-tory. There ought to be a statue at Seneca Falls that honors her service to Amer-ica. It was astounding. She became one of only 288 women in American history to be elected to this House of Representatives, and she, as with all women Members who have served as House Members, was vividly aware she was an American pioneer, as only 3 percent of individuals who have ever served here to date have been women. What a marvelous person she was to be with. We had the privilege of serving together for over three decades. Her acuity, her passion, her perseverance, and her sparkling humor and keen mind brought new life and direction to our republic and to every Member here. She was a treasured friend and, yes, dean of the New York delegation. She also became the first woman to ever chair the exclusive Rules Committee, a committee whose unusually round-the- clock schedule required members to work through the night and into the wee hours of the morning, often past midnight, or convening at the crack of dawn. It wasn’t an easy job. That com-mittee is a place of grueling endurance, and yet she traversed that brutal track day in and day out without a whimper. How she could remain crisp on subse-quent floor debates on hundreds and hundreds of bills and amendments managing thousands of details is a vivid testimony to her mental and physical strength which she devoted to our Nation. She was gracious to a fault. I recall her inviting Members to her Rules Committee office always helping Mem-bers to feel at home here. As the eldest woman in the House with 88 years of experience, Louise Slaughter brought wisdom that served America superbly. She was dedicated to the working people of our country and to the rights of women. She never stopped giving. The daughter of a blacksmith who worked in a Kentucky coal mine, she was a tireless advocate for workers in Rochester in places like Kodak or Xerox, and she stood shoulder to shoul-der with her community and fought with full soul against bad trade deals that she correctly feared would hollow out her community’s jobs and in turn the American middle class. She was right, and she never gave up fighting for them. She coauthored the Violence Against Women Act and fought full bore for equal pay for equal work and stood tall her whole career in our effort to make our Nation more just and equal. Last night, I attended an event at the United States Holocaust Memorial Mu-seum, and one of the women docents took me around. I told her what hap-pened to Louise, and she said: Oh, my goodness. I am from upstate New York. I was her constituent. She gave me a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.087 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3388 April 17, 2018 
ticket when I was a Girl Scout to come to Washington, and look what I am doing now, a very high-level person at that museum. I said: Louise’s gifts keep on giving. A grateful Nation thanks Louise Slaughter and her husband, Bob, who was at her side for so many, many years, and her beautiful daughters, grandchildren, and all the constituents from the greater Rochester area. She will be truly, truly missed. Through her passionate and loving work for America and commitment to liberty, she has helped make America a much more just and equal nation. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, P
AULTONKO , for his love of Louise and for always sitting with her and for en-joying and sharing these years. He has done a superb, masterful job this evening of paying full tribute to her and her life. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative K
APTUR . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Representative S
HEILA JACKSON LEEis the Congresswoman from the 18th Dis-trict of Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman T
ONKO so very much for yielding. He was a dear, dear friend of Louise. I rise today to really highlight the sunshine that Congresswoman Louise McIntosh Slaughter really was to all of us. I am reminded of that day when those two planes landed in Rochester, New York, her beloved community. It was a bright, sunny day, but it was al-most amazing as the buses drew up to the place of her funeral and the lines and lines of Rochester citizens, her constituents, who were lining up two by two, waiting to come to honor her. That was a true testimony to what Louise Slaughter and Bob, her hus-band, were to that community. They loved that community, and that com-munity loved her. Eighty-eight years of youth, because she was young, vi-brant, and ready. I am delighted to acknowledge so much that she did in the areas of wom-en’s rights and empowerment, the arts, healthcare, the battlefield prepared-ness, economic revitalization, the envi-ronment, and social justice, and, of course, her work dealing with the issue of genetics that, really, a lot of people in Congress didn’t even understand, but Louise with her expertise in microbi-ology, there she was educating all of us. As far as her leadership on the Af-fordable Care Act, she was one of the soldiers and generals who made sure that it passed, and as well her great work in dealing with the Violence Against Women Act and the STOCK Act to make sure that we, as Members of Congress, did the right thing finan-cially. But I want to emphasize the tutoring that Louise Slaughter gave to me. I want to thank her staff who is sitting back in this Chamber, and her staff in her home district. But if they came to the Rules Committee, either when Lou-ise was a member or senior member or the ranking member or chair, her as-tuteness and genius, her sharp wit, her reminding members that she was the chair, that we could learn from her if we decided to do so. I know personally, as a frequent vis-itor to the Rules Committee, Louise Slaughter was in charge and the first woman chair of this powerful com-mittee. I learned fast from her. I can-not thank her enough for teaching a new Member at that time of the works and the goings-on and the protocols of the Rules Committee and how to do it right. She never lost her humor and her wonderful Southern twang. Of course, who would be better leading Seneca Falls than Louise McIntosh Slaughter? I thank her for her fight for women’s rights and as well for taking me to Ni-agara Falls as a member of the Home-land Security Committee. So, finally, as I close, I am reminded that Congresswoman Slaughter had an iron fist in a velvet glove, and I loved it. I loved her wit, and I loved the fact that she was a true American. So my prayer is that the Lord bring comfort to the many people, those who Louise knew and those who felt they knew Louise Slaughter, who know that a mighty oak has fallen and are heart-broken at her loss. I ask that God bless her, may God rest her, and as well may God bless her constituents as God blesses the United States of America. Farewell, Congresswoman Louise McIntosh Slaughter, you will never be forgotten, and you will always be re-membered. I want to thank my colleague P
AULTONKO , for organizing this session honoring our shared friend. I rise today in remembrance of my dear friend and our beloved colleague, Congress-woman Louise McIntosh Slaughter of New York, a trailblazer for women, whose powerful voice was quieted this past March 16, 2018. Louise Slaughter lived a long, full, and con-sequential life and got the most out of the 88 years she graced this world. She will be remembered in this House for her service to her constituents and her col-leagues, her formidable intellect, her mastery of the legislative process, and her gracious-ness and kindness to all who came in contact with her. After serving four years in the New York State Assembly, Louise Slaughter was elected to the 100th Congress in 1986 to represent the 30th Congressional District of New York, which at the time included downtown and eastern Rochester, most of eastern Monroe County, all of Genesee County and northern Livingston and Ontario counties. Reelected to the 15 succeeding Congresses Louise Slaughter carved out a legacy of lead-ership and accomplishments in the areas of women’s rights and empowerment, the arts, health care, battlefield preparedness, eco-nomic revitalization, the environment, and so-cial justice. Born in the coal mining town of Lynch, Ken-tucky and educated at the University of Ken-tucky where she earned degrees in microbi-ology and public health, Louise Slaughter un-derstood the connection between public health and a vibrant democracy, and fought to en-sure passage of the landmark Affordable Care Act. In the 112th Congress, Congresswoman Louise Slaughter introduced and shepherded to passage Pub. L. 112–105, the ‘‘Stop Trad-ing on Congressional Knowledge Act’’ or ‘‘STOCK Act,’’ which prohibits the use of non- public information for private profit, including insider trading by members of Congress and other government employees, and requires many financial transactions by members of Congress to be reported within 45 days. Mr. Speaker, since her first years on Capitol Hill, Congresswoman Louise Slaughter was an advocate for women all over the world. Among her many accomplishments, Con-gresswoman Louise Slaughter co-authored the landmark Violence Against Women Act, en-sured the first federal funding to the National Institutes of Health to research breast cancer, and was a co-founder of the Congressional Pro-Choice Caucus. It is particularly fitting and altogether appro-priate that this tireless champion of women, children, and families represented an area near Seneca Falls, the location of the first women’s rights convention in 1848. The dean of New York’s Congressional Del-egation, Louise Slaughter was the first woman to chair the powerful House Rules Committee, and the first woman to serve as Ranking Member of that Committee, and in both roles she carried the banner and led the fight for progressive values and to make our good country better. I will always remember and be grateful to Congresswoman Louise Slaughter for her help in my duties representing the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas. I worked closely with Congresswoman Lou-ise Slaughter and drew upon her counsel and assistance to shepherd scores of bills and amendments to passage that have been bene-ficial to my constituents. Louise Slaughter was incredibly generous with her knowledge and experience and served as a mentor to new members of Con-gress, including me. I will never forget that Louise Slaughter’s advocacy continued until her last days with us, including National Women’s March in Wash-ington, D.C. on January 21, 2017. Mr. Speaker, Louise Slaughter was an iron fist in a velvet glove. A native of Kentucky, Louise Slaughter never lost her Southern twang and charm. Louise Slaughter effortlessly mixed humor with logic to win over skeptics. And then after disarming you, Louise Slaughter made her move. Through her words and deeds, Louise Slaughter worked to make the lives of all Americans better. Louise Slaughter was a dear friend and her loss leaves a void in my heart. It is my prayer that the Lord brings comfort to the many people—those whom Louise knew and those who felt they knew Louise Slaughter—who know that a mighty oak has fallen and are heartbroken at the loss. I thank her family for sharing her with us and the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.089 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3389 April 17, 2018 
b1830 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Representative B
ARBARA LEEof Cali-fornia’s 13th District. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first let me thank Congressman T
ONKO for leading this important hour in memory of our beloved friend and colleague, Congress-woman Louise Slaughter. Every time I walk on this floor, I still look for Lou-ise. Actually, P
AUL, right there. The void that she has left is just unbear-able. Her passing was devastating news for all of us here, but I must once again send my thoughts and condolences to her beautiful daughters, her grand-children, to her entire congressional district, the State of New York, and really, to our entire country. Louise was a dear friend and mentor, and she was an unparalleled legislator. Of course, she loved her district and fought for them with passion, intellect, and dedication. I also want to say to Louise’s staff how much I know, like A
NNAsaid, that she loved you and she respected you. I have to say, around here poaching is a no-no. Well, Louise poached one of my staff members, and I told her. And when we talked about it, I said: I am so happy, Louise. You are the only Mem-ber that I would be happy about poach-ing. And so thank you, all, because I know she loved you, and I was happy to allow Louise to poach my staff because she did an incredible job for Louise. Louise invited me to her district sev-eral times. I tell you, the love and the respect all across her district, I wit-nessed. I said, if only my district saw this, how she brought people together, because I think we could learn a lot from Louise’s ability to build coali-tions. I remember when I first came to Con-gress, yes, 20 years ago—April 21, it will be 20 years—Louise came up to me and she said: Honey. She called everybody ‘‘Honey,’’ as you know. She said: I want to be your friend, and I want to get to know you. She said: I want to invite you to come up to Seneca Falls to mark the 150th anniversary of the Declaration of Sentiments. I tell you, that was quite a remark-able moment for me to be with Louise Slaughter, and we became close friends from that day forward. She was a trailblazer, the only micro-biologist in Congress. She had a Ph.D. She was brilliant. Also, watching Lou-ise work late into the night, past mid-night, but yet she stayed engaged and energized no matter how late the Rules Committee worked. She used her role, though, as chair to fight for children and for families, for women, for com-munities of color, for those living below the poverty line. Another remarkable thing about Louise was her humor. Any Member of Congress, just ask anyone, Republican or Democrat, and they will tell you a story. They will share a story about her sense of humor. Yet Louise was very direct. She did not mince her words. She was a straight shooter, and you never had to guess where she was coming from. I remember when her dear husband, Bob, passed. I got to know Bob because we trav-eled together several times. When Louise came back, she told me: Honey, I couldn’t live if I didn’t have this job. I love serving the people of my district. I love helping the people of western New York. I love serving this country. This was her life’s work. Finally, let me just say I not only lost a colleague, but also a dear friend. My prayers are with her family and friends, her staff, her district. Louise will have a lasting place in history, though, and her spirit is with us to-night. She was a woman who exuded grace, dignity, intelligence, and she touched and enriched all our lives. Louise, we will miss you so much. May you rest in peace. May God bless you. And again, I thank P
AULfor this op-portunity. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative J
ACKIE SPEIER of California’s 14th District. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, thank you, and I thank my dear friend, P
AUL T
ONKO , who loved Louise like no one else in this Chamber, for arranging this for us tonight. Tom Jones had a song, ‘‘She’s a Lady.’’ Louise Slaughter was that lady, except none of the other lyrics of that song were appropriate for Louise. She was a lady who was tough as nails, with a steel backbone and a sharp and very funny tongue. There are many people I like in our Chamber, few I truly love. I loved Lou-ise Slaughter. Members come and go and hardly leave a footprint around here, even Members who have served long periods of time. That is not true about Louise. I still did it today. I walk onto this floor seeking her out. I look at C– SPAN and expect to see her presenting another cogent argument on the inane closed rule offered by the other side. There is a void in this Chamber with her passing, but her footprints are ev-erywhere. Louise distinguished herself in so many issues and in so many ways: the first woman, as we have said over and over again, to represent western New York; the first woman to chair the Rules Committee. Now, as an 88-year-old woman, she was chairing this committee into the wee hours of the morning, day after day, and never lost a beat. She is one of the longest serving Members. She is the only microbiolo-gist. She was responsible for creating the first $500 million set-aside for breast cancer research. She created the Office of Research on Women’s Health, and she is responsible for the passage of the STOCK Act. Mr. Speaker, and to our leader, NANCY PELOSI , I hope that we take the time to name the STOCK Act after Louise Slaughter. Louise and I spent wonderful eve-nings together with P
AUL TONKO and M
ARCY KAPTUR at dinner at the Na-tional Democratic Club. She kept us in stitches. She did not suffer fools glad-ly, and she would see a phony $2 bill of a Member on the floor and not mince words. She also taught me to speak South-ern. She taught me that you should say ‘‘bless your sweet heart,’’ which really meant, ‘‘move over,’’ expletive deleted. I will always remember her lying peacefully in the hospital, with per-fectly coifed hair, as only a lady would have, and a faint smile on her face. I like to think that she was smiling be-cause she left this world with her boots on. She was still fighting for her con-stituents, taking her last breaths with dignity, strength, elegance, and at peace, with her three daughters look-ing on with love and admiration. Louise, you are now with your be-loved Bob. We all here, including your extraordinary staff who is seated here in the Chamber, are heartbroken. We are, frankly, still in shock. But we are deeply grateful to have known and to love you. God bless you always. Mr. TONKO. I thank the Congress-woman for those comments. I now yield to Representative A
LMA A
DAMS of North Carolina’s 12th Dis-trict. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of my dear friend, Congress-woman Louise Slaughter. I didn’t know her as long as many of my colleagues, but our brief association was profound and meaningful. When I came to Congress 4 years ago, Louise Slaughter was one of the first to welcome me. She was always gen-uine, kind, and personally supportive, always pleasant, and she always made you feel really good. As a history-making, trailblazing champion of women’s rights and the only microbiologist, as you have heard, in Congress, Louise Slaughter fought for opportunity for all people. The im-pact of her years of advocacy and mentorship and friendship can be seen here today in the many colleagues who are standing together to honor her life. Louise was a champion for the people from the great State of New York, but I like to think of her with Kentucky roots and a Southern accent, as a fel-low Southerner at heart. She left big shoes to fill, but I know she would be proud to welcome in the next genera-tion of leaders. So I join my colleagues this evening in expressing my deepest sympathies for the family, for the friends, for the staff, and for the constituents that she leaves behind. She may no longer be with us on Earth, but her spirit and her passion for life will live on for genera-tions to come. She clearly made our world much better than she found it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.090 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3390 April 17, 2018 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the Congress-woman for her thoughts. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the New Hampshire District One Representa-tive, Congresswoman C
AROL SHEA-POR-
TER. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Thank you, Con-gressman T
ONKO , for yielding. I know how close you were to Louise and how much she loved you and you loved her. I offer my condolences not only to Louise’s family, but also to Paul and to the entire Chamber, and to me, because I loved Louise, also. You hear people using the word ‘‘love’’ here. It was very genuine. When I arrived in January of 2007, I saw the fire in Louise and I saw the honey in Louise. She was a mixture of both. That is what made her so abso-lutely delightful. I saw her as the new chairman of the Rules Committee take on our friends across the aisle about so many issues here, and she had that fire in her. But then I saw her with the honey and the sweetness, and that is why people use the word ‘‘love’’ when they talk about Louise. So I want to tell just a very short story about my first real close encoun-ter with Louise Slaughter. I had a dear friend in New Hampshire who very much admired Louise and wanted to meet her. I said: She is busy. She has just taken over this new posi-tion. And I am new, but okay, I will ask her. So we were walking there, and I called Louise over, and I said: Louise, I would like to introduce you to some-body who just has always admired you. Louise said: Honey, have her come into my office. So we did. And Louise sat down on the couch like she didn’t have a thing to do that day except to entertain us with tea and small talk and just her warmth and her vibrancy. My friend never forgot that. I never forgot that either. That was Louise, absolutely full of love and, as I said, full of honey and also full of fire. We miss her very much here. We al-ways will. Condolences to her staff, who loved her as well, and I know that she loved them. And to the people of western New York, thank you for sharing her with us for so long. Mr. TONKO. I thank the Congress-woman for those comments. Mr. Speaker, now we will hear from the gentleman from Texas 35, Congress-man L
LOYD DOGGETT . Mr. DOGGETT. I thank Mr. T
ONKO so much for organizing this Special Order. I do know how special that Louise was to you and to so many of us. She was a dear friend for many years, an out-spoken advocate for social and eco-nomic justice, and she put together a great team, a series of teams through her years here, some of whom are on the floor today. We salute them, also. Louise was funny, she was sometimes a bit conspiratorial, and she was a per-son who just refused to act her age in the best ways possible. I was amazed myself, knowing that Louise had been here a few years more than I had, to learn what her age was at the time of her passing, because she was out pow-erfully speaking truth to power right up until the week before she passed. She had the enthusiastic support of her late husband and tremendous part-ner, Bob. Both of them understood the challenges of public service, and they withstood repeated Republican assaults with wit and grit. Her fierce passion was matched with sincere compassion and kindness. Over the years, time and time again, she reached out and helped me and helped other Members. I admired her unwavering commitment to speak truth and to honor values of accept-ance, equality, and justice. She put the health and well-being of people first, and she fought tirelessly to improve the lives of the people in her commu-nity and across this country. b1845 Louise showed just how much one de-termined woman can do for our coun-try. As chair of the Rules Committee, she was involved in every major piece of legislation and many minor ones that came before this House. And in her service on Rules, it can certainly be said that she worked day and night, sometimes all night, on behalf of the people of this country. She overcame significant resistance to secure passage of the Violence Against Women Act, achieving some historic increases in funding for wom-en’s health. She was a real trailblazer when it came to so many issues and in-spired so many women to get involved and make a difference for our country. She authored the STOCK Act to en-sure more complete and timely disclo-sure of financial dealings by the Mem-bers of this House so that no one was trading off the public trust for private gain. I think of Louise and look over to this microphone each time a rule is brought up in the House setting forth the terms of debate for legislation. There is a vacancy in the House, and there is a vacancy in our hearts for a tough but generous woman. We salute her daughters, Megan, Amy, and Emily; her grandchildren; her great-grandchild, all of whom she often referred to and showed such great affection for. May it be a source of comfort for each of them that their mother was a loyal and loving friend, a fierce and genuine public servant, a force to be reckoned with, a champion for so many vital causes; and may her very fiery spirit live on with all of us. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, there you have it, just a few of the colleagues of Louise Slaughter who shared their sen-timents. You can tell that she had this lasting touch upon each and every one of us. We are made better because we crossed paths in life, we travelled jour-neys together, and she will leave a for-ever quality in our hearts and our souls. And to our champion, our trail-blazer, the true voice for the weak voice or underheard in government, the pioneer expression, the drum major for women, it goes on and on—she earned so many labels—to our friend, Louise Slaughter, our colleague, our mentor, rest in peace, beloved friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise to remember my col-league from New York, the former dean of our delegation and the first woman to chair the House Rules Committee, Louise McIntosh Slaughter. Louise was a wonderful soul whose love of public service, the institution of Con-gress, and her home of western New York each and every day. Louise grew up in a coal mining community in Kentucky as one of 5 children. Inspired by the loss of her sister to pneumonia as a child, Louise chose to study microbiology and pur-sue a master’s degree in public health. Her passion for health care inspired her work throughout her career as she championed nu-merous bills and efforts to help the American people gain real access to care. After obtaining her degrees, Louise met her husband, Robert, and the couple moved to New York. While living near Rochester, Louise became involved in local community groups and eventually sought to get involved in elec-toral politics. Her long career in public service took Louise from the county legislature to Gov. Mario Cuomo’s staff, the New York State As-sembly, and eventually the Congress. I had the honor of serving alongside Louise in the Assembly before eventually joining her in Congress. She had a perfect blend of southern charm and New York hustle, and was a steadfast champion for the people of western New York and Americans across the country. I will miss her relentless passion, her wit, and above all, her friendship. I know Mon-roe County and the city of Rochester will miss their longtime champion. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, Louise Slaughter was a scientist, and she approached her work in this House with scientific precision. She found that special formula for success: mix an extraordinary work ethic with a deep intellect and love of her community, and the result was thirty-one years of excellence serving New Yorkers in Congress. I was deeply saddened to learn of her passing last month, and I will look back fondly on the three decades we served together in this House. As the daughter of a coal mine blacksmith, Louise grew up around hardship and chal-lenge. Later, as a microbiologist and an elect-ed official, she made public health and eco-nomic opportunity her focus. In Congress, she fought for funding for women’s health, to keep our troops safer in combat, and to crack down on domestic violence. As Chairwoman of the Rules Committee, she played a key role in ad-vancing to the Floor major legislation, includ-ing the Recovery Act, Affordable Care Act, Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform, and the Don’t Ask Don’t Tell Repeal Act. None of us who served with her ever doubt-ed her tenacity or resolve. Louise never forgot her roots or the constituents who sent her back to Congress year after year. Her loss is a great loss for this House, for the people of upstate New York, and for our country. I join in offering my condolences to her daughters Megan, Amy, and Emily and their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.091 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3391 April 17, 2018 
WHAT IS HAPPENING IN OUR NATION’S DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, as I get myself organized here, this evening I am going to actually try to do some-thing that is probably a little dan-gerous and a little tricky. I am going to try to do some math from behind the microphone. You know, we have a running joke in our office that being a Member of Con-gress means you often work in a math- free zone but the math always wins. And, you know, to our friends over here, I guess I should—I don’t mean to jump onto this, but we just heard some of the discussion about Ms. Slaughter. I am, obviously, from a different part of the country, a different party, dif-ferent philosophy, and she was always incredibly kind to me and funny. Most people, I don’t know, completely under-stood. She had a brutal wit, and so a couple of times, when I would go in front of the Rules Committee, some-times the banter back and forth, you sat there and go: Is she just playing with me? So just for my friends that are just leaving from that. All right. So I am going to try to do a couple of things here, Mr. Speaker. I am going to actually sort of walk through what was in the most recent CBO report, but also a couple of the previous CBO reports and what is hap-pening in our Nation’s debt. At the same time, I am also going to talk about some of the positive things that are happening, and some of it because of the tax reform, some of the things that are happening in our unemploy-ment and opportunity out there. So, first off, let’s walk through a cou-ple of baseline numbers, and then I am going to grind through these so it tells a story of where we are going and where we are at as a country. When we get behind these micro-phones and say, ‘‘We have an entitle-ment crisis coming that we have to deal with,’’ they have been saying it behind these microphones for 30 years. Well, it is here. The peak of the baby boom, I think, today, is about 62 years old. There are 74 million of us who are baby boomers, who will be moving into our benefits, and we don’t have the re-sources to cover our promises, the way things are structured today. Yet if you look at the Pew poll from a couple of years ago, only 15 percent of Republicans believe there is an enti-tlement crisis coming, but only 5 per-cent of Democrats believe it. So this is one of the great difficulties in this body where you often hear us saying: Speak truth to power. Well, how about math to power? Well, what about our own constitu-ents when they don’t believe us be-cause maybe there has been crying wolf or because it has been easier to say things like: Well, the problem is waste and fraud. There are problems with waste and fraud, but the numbers are tiny compared to what is about to hap-pen. So, some baseline math. When I was born, 1962, there were five workers for every one retiree. Today—and let’s ac-tually do 12 years from now, because that is when it gets dramatic. Twelve years from now, there will only be two. You and your spouse will be covering one retiree. So, in just my lifetime, we have gone from five workers for one re-tiree to two. The math is brutal. So think about this. Over the last decade—so from 2008 to 2018—if you actually look at the growth in the size of spending in the government, 72 percent of it was just Social Security and Medicare. So if you actually look at the growth of the Federal spending, do understand, over the last 10 years, 72 percent of that growth were just those two programs: Social Security and Medicare. Over the next 10 years, just the growth will be about $1.3 trillion. That is, functionally, just the growth in So-cial Security and Medicare will be two full Defense Departments. It is impor-tant to get our head around telling the truth, because if we are going to save these earned entitlements, we need to have that moment of reflection that comes off of a calculator instead of what happens so often behind these microphones where we try to make public policy by feelings. So, first board I have up here, this is from the latest CBO report, which I ac-tually have in here, which I am trying to keep from falling off the podium here, and there is actually some good news here. And, that is, because of what is going on the last couple of quarters, this last year, substantially, I believe, because of what is happening through growth-oriented policies, whether it be the tax reform, whether it be what is happening in the regu-latory environment, you are actually seeing revenue into the trust funds go up a bit. It is still a crisis, but if you actually look at SSDI, which is Social Security Disability Insurance, I think it was maybe 1
1⁄2, 2 years ago I got behind this microphone, and there were only like 4 years left in the trust fund, and it went to zero. Well, we gained almost 3 additional years. Now, some of that is because of policy, some of it is because of reve-nues because we have so many more people working right now. If you actu-ally also take a look at some of the money going into Social Security, some of the money going into Medicare part A, that is the trust fund portion, we are actually picking up a couple of years—1 year here, 2 years there—in additional actuarial soundness of the trust funds. Think of this as an opportunity. If we are going to have to make policy—and as I stand behind this microphone, I am looking for a unified theory. It is not just entitlement reform because, let’s face it, that is the third rail. People go nuts. They run attack ads on you. It is more complicated. We need to do those things in our society that help people be employed, do tax regulatory poli-cies, training policies, opportunity policies, because the more of our broth-ers and sisters who are working—how do we go from 63 percent labor force participation, which is a wonderful number from where we thought we would be 10 years ago till now, how do we get it to go further? How do we get more of our brothers and sisters to move from being the long-term unemployed, the discouraged workers, and get them to move into the opportunities that are out there right now because we have, apparently, millions of jobs that are looking for workers, but it also does powerful things to these numbers? We are also going to have to be hon-est about mechanisms within immigra-tion. We have a birthrate crisis in this country. The last few years, if you ac-tually look at the number of babies we are having, our numbers have substan-tially collapsed. Well, remember, today’s child is to-morrow’s worker; and if in today’s world, when you turn 65 and begin some of your benefits, the math is, you will spend about one-third of your adult life in retirement, but we don’t have enough young people because these programs are pay-as-you-go pro-grams. That is really important as we sort of walk through the math. So if you are looking for that unified theory, it even adds in things like trade. If we are going to be a country that is very slow on our birthrate and immigration, we have designed a tal-ent-based immigration system that also does some rewards for younger de-mographics, but we are also going to have to have trade with countries that also have positive demographics so we actually have customers. There are lots of these things that all have to be thought of together. And something I am not going to do to-night, but I have done other evenings and we will do in a month or so, is a fixation on technology and how tech-nology also can provide amazing oppor-tunity in everything from changing the healthcare curve to actually allowing more of our brothers and sisters to par-ticipate in the workforce, even those with certain difficulties in life or even those who may be older but choose to work. Instead of being scared of tech-nology, I think it may be our solution, depending on some of these cost curves. So what is important here is, as you look at this chart, just take a look at this first number here. That is the So-cial Security trust fund. Now, as you know, our general fund has taken that money and borrowed it, and then we re-place it with sort of special Social Se-curity IOUs. Now, if I remember correctly, last year we were paying the Social Secu-rity trust fund like 3.1 percent interest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.094 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3392 April 17, 2018 
for those borrowed moneys. So when you see some of the future slides here, or boards, you will actually see, here is the trust fund balance; but, also, here it is with some of the interest revenue that we also pay ourselves back. So think of this craziness. Function-ally, as a society, we borrow money to pay back the borrowed money because that cash that we took out of those trust funds has long since been spent. But on this board, in 10 years, the So-cial Security trust fund is cut in half. In just a few years, the Disability In-surance Trust Fund is empty, and if you actually can see it, the hospital, the Medicare part A, which is the only part really with the trust fund, in a few years, it is also down to zero. So just getting our heads around, this is reality, this is math, but it is better than it was a year or so ago, but it is still a crisis. And these, I am going to put up two of these boards that is just going to show—do you see this sort of flat inflection here? That is actually part of the good news because where you see—last year, it would have been a constant curve downward that we were depleting the funds. As you know, they have gone negative this year, meaning that the revenues coming out of Social Security is actually greater than the revenues coming in, except for, since the tax reform and some of the economic expansion, all of a sudden we have hit a bit of a plateau. CBO actually had it looking like it was going to last for a couple of years. I am actually much more optimistic than some of their baseline numbers, but that is that actual mathematical reprieve. You also see the two lines there. The variance in those is what we are also paying ourselves back as a spiff in interest. So this one is Social Security, Old- Age Survivors Insurance Trust Fund. But then when we actually move over to the hospital fund—and important, you will see this in future slides. Social Security, in many ways, isn’t my cri-sis—isn’t our crisis, because it is a de-fined benefit. Fixing it, the math is ac-tually fairly easy. b1900 It is Medicare that becomes so in-credibly difficult. And Medicare, as you are going to see in a couple of future slides, is a much larger financial issue in our near future. So you actually just see sort of the same thing in that even the hospital trust fund now is moving negative, meaning we are taking more money out of it than is going in. Yet, you do see the little bit of the plateau we are getting because of the current payroll tax. Just a point of reference on that. If you actually looked at the Tax Foun-dation’s numbers when the tax reform was coming out, they actually had, I think it was, just shy of $300 billion over the next 10 years in new payroll tax, FICA revenues, and that actually reaches into this area. This is a chart that I have never seen on the floor before, but is a really in-teresting one, because I think a lot of us don’t really have our head around where does the money in Medicare come from? And, I am sorry, I know this is a little hard to see, but if you see this, this is the entire Medicare. This 45 percent up here, that is actu-ally general revenue. We are reaching into the General Fund and paying it out to hospitals and doctors and dura-ble medical equipment. The 36 percent there, that is actually the tax revenue. That is the payroll tax. That is within our FICA. Then we also have some taxes on higher income earners and Social Secu-rity benefits, and it comes into here. And then you see this 3 percent down there. That is actually revenue that we pay ourselves. So we borrowed the money, gave it to the General Fund, spent it, but we paid ourselves last year what was the 3.1 percent interest. Well, that is what that 3 percent is down there. So if you actually add it up, about half of this, half of what we spend in Medicare is General Fund, half is com-ing in through the payroll tax. So if you look at part A, the hospital trust fund, okay, that is almost all payroll taxes. But if you start looking at part B and part D, you see the or-ange there, 75 and 78 percent respec-tively, that is all coming out of the General Fund. On occasion, when I have actually done some of these presentations at home, you will get the hand that goes up and people think that it is all paid for by the payroll taxes. That actually creates sort of this weird misunder-standing of it is not all within the trust fund. Almost half of what we spend in Medicare actually is coming out of the General Fund. And there is actually where, as we see the substan-tial growth, you see General Fund spending growing, and why a substan-tial portion of that General Fund grow-ing is actually part of this. A couple of the other slides, just to understand, as we have 74 million of our brothers and sisters who are baby boomers moving into retirement right now—what is it, about 10,000, 10,300 every single day—it actually has a lit-tle bit of a steepening curve over the next 3 or 4 years. Now, the headline on this is really important: Social Security, Health En-titlements, and Interest Costs. So you have to put in the paying interest on all of the money we have borrowed as a society. Driving 91 percent of the 2008 to 2028 spending hikes. Remember my number before, that if we just do Social Security and Medi-care over the last 10 years, 72 percent of the increased spending we had as a government, in the Federal Govern-ment, was just the growth in Social Se-curity and Medicare. Okay. But if you add in also interest on top of it, it goes from 72 now to 91 percent. So under-stand, those are the levers that are going to squeeze out so many of the other things that are happening, but also the greatest fragility to being safe here. Let’s actually go onto the next board because I think it helps actually sort of show where we are going. But what is also important here is, as you look at these, those on the bottom, you will actually see things like defense and discretionary spending all being fairly flatlined, even with the most recent budget appropriations bill. If you actu-ally look at it over the next decade or over the next three decades, almost all of the growth in spending comes from the two programs and covering interest costs. This one is really noisy, and we will put these up, or put them out. Over the next 30 years—this one actually goes from 1960, but when you get here, look at the growth. You are heading towards a time, 2047. It seems like a lifetime from now, but you are in 2018 right now. So reach out 20 years from now, reach out 30 years from now. Defense is 2.7 percent of spending equal to the size of the economy, so this is a per GDP slide. But the explo-sion, you see that red area, in that time when I am hopefully well into my retirement, 15.6 percent of the entire size of the economy. So we are going to reach in and take—say the economy is this big—we are going to take 15.6 per-cent of that, and that is just going to be Social Security and Medicare. And another 6.2 percent will be covering the interest costs. It is unsustainable, when you start to realize you will be approaching 30 per-cent of the entire gross domestic prod-uct of this country in Federal spend-ing. It is not defense, it is not non-defense discretionary, it is actually not even some of the other entitlements, even though sometimes that is easier to talk about behind these micro-phones. It really is where we are demo-graphically as a society. And look, demographics is our des-tiny. We can’t pretend it is not hap-pening. We are all getting older. It is the nature of life. And understand also, these numbers are assuming no wars, no recessions, no disasters. These are just baseline numbers, and that should make this really, really scary. So how do I convince our voters and my fellow Members that we have a lit-tle bit of reprieve right now because we are in a time of terrific economic ex-pansion, terrific employment, and good numbers coming in on the FICA tax? How do we use this as a moment to ac-tually say, let’s be adults, let’s come up with something much more elegant than just entitlement reform? But there is actually ways where we can keep our promises to our seniors, keep our promises to those who are heading into their retirement, but also have it so we are not all here 15 years from now saying we have hit a deficit crisis: we can’t sell our bonds, our interest rates are exploding, everyone is going to be taking huge cuts. Let’s attack it today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.095 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3393 April 17, 2018 
Because I believe if we do things that maximize economic growth, things that actually help our Nation’s demo-graphics, if we adopt a very aggressive adoption of technology, particularly in the healthcare space, and also provide some options within the entitlements, it is all stuff we should have done 10 years ago, but we have been given a lit-tle bit of reprieve right now because of what is happening in the economic growth. So here is something to get our heads around. If you actually look at the numbers, you see the first two bar charts, that is Social Security. It turns out the average American will put in about $543,000 over their working life. And this is someone who would be re-tiring right now. And they are going to get out $616,000. So, okay, a little vari-ance. Now, the problem is we have ob-viously already spent all of that money that was in the trust fund and we put IOUs in it, but still, it is a fair deal. Medicare is our crisis. Apparently, someone who is retiring today will have put in about $140,000 in Medicare taxes. But the person who retires today is taking out about $422,000. So $140,000 in, $422,000 out. Now multiply that by just 74 million of us who are baby boomers and you start to understand the size and the scale of where the gap is coming from. It is math. I desperately wish there was a way to blind the political rage and just say, it is math, and the math will always win. And if we would step up and be less po-litical and more like accountants for a moment—and I am sorry, I know as Re-publicans that is often our problem, is we sound more like accountants—but the violence, the cruelty we are going to do to our society if we continue to avoid the reality of the math, in a dec-ade or decade and a half from now when the crisis is upon us, our ability to fix it will be very, very difficult. It is going to be difficult right now, but it is doable. There are approaches to make these numbers work. This is also, for those folks who are now deficit hawks or newfound deficit hawks, a time for a moment of honesty and reality. Over the next 30 years— and this is not inflation adjusted, so for those of you who like to do con-stant dollars, you would probably re-duce the number by about a third—but this is over the next 30 years. So if you plan to be alive for the next 30 years, this is what you are facing today: $82 trillion in cash shortfall; $78 trillion of that is just Social Security, Medicare, and the interest on that shortfall. So all of the other things that we talk about: Oh, it is defense spending. No, it is not. Oh, it is other nondefense discre-tionary. No, it is not. It is other entitlement programs. A little bit, but not really. It is the two programs that are earned entitlements that we, as Con-gress, in its wisdom over the last few decades, didn’t make the math actuari-ally sound. And just pretending it is not there doesn’t fix it. So one more time, think about this. Over the next 30 years, the Social Secu-rity deficit, $18.9 trillion; the Medicare deficit, $39.7 trillion; and then the in-terest we are going to spend on those shortfalls is another $23.4 trillion. That is $78 trillion. Now, if you want to use inflation ad-justed, just reduce it by a third. This is the greatest threat to our so-ciety. Because do you see at the very end, do you see the little blue, the rest of the budget actually is in balance over the next 30 years. And that is ac-tually using the CBO scores, which I think sort of underestimate current growth. But that is just the math. This isn’t Republican or Democrat; it is math. Yet, it is the greatest threat to our society. And yet, when I stand in front of my constituents and we will have a meeting and we will discuss what is the greatest threat to society, the hands go up and it becomes all sorts of things, because this is really hard, it is really big, it is really difficult, and it is real-ly, really, really important. So as we walk through these, I need to do—and forgive my stacks of paper, but sometimes when you are trying to do the math, this is one of those where you lay out the Excel spreadsheet and it goes on and on and on and on. Think of this. In 9 years, Social Secu-rity and Medicare, without the inter-est, will be 10.3 percent of the entire economy. So the United States Govern-ment will say: Hey, the economy is today what the GDP is, $21 trillion, $22 trillion, $23 trillion. Hopefully, 10 years from now, it is substantially larger. But 10 years from now, it is going to be over 10 percent is just being reached in and spent on Medicare and Social Secu-rity. It is the math. But actually, over the next decade, it gets up into the 12s, and then a little while after that it goes up further. But that is of spending equal to the entire size of the economy. That is why it be-comes so incredibly important that part of that holistic solution of how we save these programs is also that we maximize economic expansion. So when we get into the discussion that has happened around here a lot lately, where we talk about the tax re-form and the jobs and opportunity it is creating, I have had this running con-versation, and I saw it on the floor here I think yesterday, where someone is pounding: Well, tax reform is not pay-ing for itself, tax cuts never pay for themselves. That is partially true. Cer-tain parts don’t. b1915 Certain parts are political-societal decisions to allow families to keep more, but there was an interesting lit-tle set of numbers. This often happens when you have your spreadsheets and everything laying out in front of you and you are going over them. So in December, the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, which, as you know, was our scorekeeper when we did tax reform, actually said: Hey, here is what we think the tax reform costs in the static; here is what we think some of the dynamic growth is going to be. But they were in two different re-ports. I took the business numbers, just the business portion, to see what it was doing growthwise. I thought you would all find this interesting, or maybe I am the only one. So it turns out that the business tax reform, I think the title II portion of our reform bill from December, said, hey, businesses, $653 billion in less taxes, revenues to us as a government over the next 10 years, but the inter-national business portion of the book, we are actually going to take in an-other $324 billion. So $653 billion, if you are here, but because we are bringing those moneys, the repatriation of those moneys back in and actually encouraging companies to actually come back to the United States and work here, we actually gain $324 billion. All right. So I am still negative $329 billion over the 10 years on those C corps, the big corporations, but then on the next Joint Tax report, they talked about the dynamic scoring, what they saw as the growth estimates. Not to bore everyone with it, but we have already seen the CBO has actually lifted up the growth estimates from even December, so there are good things happening there. So, hopefully, these numbers would actually expand from that. But if you actually put the growth back in, they were estimating $384 bil-lion of growth in new revenues because of the bigger economy, more business spending, more jobs, more opportunity. Now, most of that is from what was happening in those corporations. So it turns out the business portion on the tax reform bill, in the Joint Tax’s own numbers, actually is about $55 billion to the upside in their own modeling over the 10 years. I partially put this up because I was embarrassed I didn’t see it in their math sooner, but that is what it is. So I guess, ultimately, Mr. Speaker, I have a couple messages here. I under-stand we are sort of in a time of very difficult politics, but we need to sort of grow up and deal with the reality. We are getting older as a society. We have made lots and lots of promises. We need to keep those promises. There are ways to do it, but every single day we don’t step up and deal with the re-ality of math, we make it that much more difficult for all of us. I am 56 years old. My wife, I probably shouldn’t say this, but she is exactly my age. We are incredibly blessed. We have a 2
1⁄2-year-old that is the best lit-tle girl ever. I have a mug that says so. She actually was with us here on the floor of the House last week. Maybe it is partially because of my little girl that I am going to double down on my efforts here. How do I get our friends on the left and our friends in the majority and say 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.097 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3394 April 17, 2018 
maybe it is time we do the most dif-ficult thing any of us would ever do in our elected career, and that is actually take on the biggest issue of our times, and that is the unfunded liabilities and the promises we have made? Do we do a BRAC commission, not to close things, but to actually look at ev-erything because is a little bit of the solution reforming how we deliver healthcare and Medicare? Is a little bit of the solution a dif-ferent type of immigration system that maximizes economic expansion and benefits and demographics? Is it everything all together? Is it maximizing economic expansion so payroll taxes become much more ro-bust? Is it actually creating a path for those who have been disaffected or are on certain types of income-based social entitlement programs that move them back into our workforce because there is opportunity? The answer is we need to do it all at the same time. But how do you get this body, with all the noise that is around us con-stantly, all the people banging on us constantly, the chaos that is today’s media, which is an entertainment me-dium, get a number of people to pull out a calculator, pull out some great econometrics, understand the demo-graphics, and do what is necessary to deal with the greatest threat to this country? And that greatest threat is not military. It is actually debt and promises we have made. As you have already seen on the slides, everything else is pretty much in balance over the next 30 years. What blows us up is the promises we have made in Social Security and Medicare. It is fixable, but we cannot continue to wait. The last thing I want to share, and I know I am backtracking a bit, there continues to be more good news that comes in from the tax reform and the positive things that are happening within the economy; but there was a great article today about what is also happening at our State and local lev-els, and this sort of fits into that uni-fied theory of, if you are going to start to step up and do what is difficult, do it in a time when you have economic expansion. It turns out revenues to our States look like they are taking quite a pop upward. Also, another article, it turns out that the International Monetary Fund did a calculation and fairly stepped up world growth for the next couple years and actually gave half the credit for that growth to the U.S. tax reform, meaning what we did here in the United States actually made a poor family on the other side of the world’s opportunities better. If you actually start to look at all the things that are going on around us, even in a time of turbulent politics, we have some good things happening. Now let’s step up and do the really hard things, because the hard things are how we are going to be judged in our future when all of us as elected Members leave here. Will we have saved the country from its greatest threat, which is the debt that is going to come crashing down on us very, very soon? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 18, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4557. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting FY 2019 budget amendments for the Departments of Agriculture, Defense, Education, Energy, Health and Human Services, Homeland Secu-rity, Housing and Urban Development, the Interior, Justice, Labor, State, Transpor-tation, the Treasury, and Veterans Affairs, and the Environmental Protection Agency, the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, National Science Foundation, So-cial Security Administration, U.S. Agency for International Development, and Other International Programs (H. Doc. No. 115— 114); to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed. 4558. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Terry J. Benedict, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4559. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting the National Guard and Reserve Equipment Report for Fiscal Year 2019, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 10541(a); Public Law 101-510, Sec. 1483(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 112-81, Sec. 1070); (125 Stat. 1592); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4560. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Real Estate Appraisals [Docket No.: R-1568] (RIN: 7100 AE-81) received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4561. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility, Vernon Parish, LA, et al. [Docket ID: FEMA- 2018-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8521] received March 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4562. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Removal of Transferred OTS Regulations Regarding Minimum Secu-rity Procedures Amendments to FDIC Regu-lations (RIN: 3064-AE47) received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4563. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tions’ final rule — Assessment Regulations received April 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4564. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the Office’s re-port on discretionary appropriations legisla-tion within seven calendar days of enact-ment, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 901(a)(7)(B); Pub-lic Law 99-177, Sec. 251(a)(7)(B) (as amended by Public Law 114-113, Sec. 1003); (129 Stat. 3035); to the Committee on the Budget. 4565. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s ninth Annual Report to Congress on the Prevention and Reduction of Underage Drinking for September 2017, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 290bb-25b(c)(1)(F); Public Law 109-422, Sec. 2; (120 Stat. 2892); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4566. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cigarettes, Smokeless Tobacco, and Covered Tobacco Products; Change of Office Name and Address; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA-2018-N-0011] received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4567. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s temporary rule — Schedules of Con-trolled Substances: Extension of Temporary Placement of MAB-CHMINACA in Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act [Docket No.: DEA-421] received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4568. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s temporary amendment — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Temporary Place-ment of Seven Fentanyl-Related Substances in Schedule I [Docket No.: DEA-475] received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4569. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s temporary amendment — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Temporary Place-ment of Fentanyl-Related Substances in Schedule I [Docket No.: DEA-476] April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4570. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s temporary amendment — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Temporary Place-ment of Cyclopropyl Fentanyl in Schedule I [Docket No.: DEA-474] received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4571. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP7.098 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3395 April 17, 2018 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Nebraska Air Quality Implementation Plans, Operating Permits Program, and 112(1) Program; Revi-sion to Nebraska Administrative Code [EPA- R07-OAR-2017-0485; FRL-9976-52-Region 7] re-ceived April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4572. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Findings of Failure to Sub-mit State Implementation Plan Submissions for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) [EPA-HQ-OAR-2018-0135; FRL-9976- 35-OAR] received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4573. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Designations for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary National Ambient Air Quality Standard — Round 3 — Supplemental Amendment [EPA- HQ-OAR-2017-0003; FRL-9976-40-OAR] re-ceived April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4574. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Colorado; Revisions to the Transportation Conformity Consultation Process [EPA-R08- OAR-2017-0753; FRL-9976-02-Region 8] re-ceived April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4575. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Wyoming; Sheridan PM10 Nonattainment Area Limited Maintenance Plan and Redes-ignation Request [EPA-R08-OAR-2017-0656; FRL-9975-84-Region 8] received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4576. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2008- 0612; FRL-9976-06-Region 9] received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4577. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; South Carolina; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference [SC-2017; FRL-9974-17-Region 4] received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4578. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed items to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 4579. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed item to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 4580. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed items to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 4581. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Implementation of the February 2017 Aus-tralia Group (AG) Intersessional Decisions and the June 2017 AG Plenary Under-standings; Addition of India to the AG [Docket No.: 170306234-7234-01] (RIN: 094- AH37) received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4582. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination, and discontinu-ation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 4583. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification on an action on nomination, and discontinu-ation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 4584. A letter from the General Counsel, Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, transmitting the Board’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4585. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notification on an action on nomination, and discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4586. A letter from the Secretary, HHS, and the Attorney General, DOJ, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Justice, transmitting the Annual Report of the Departments of Health and Human Serv-ices, and Justice titled ‘‘Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Program for FY 2017’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395i(k)(5); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1817(k)(5) (as added by Public Law 104-191, Sec. 201(b)); (110 Stat. 1996); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 4587. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting additional legislative proposals that the Department of Defense requests be enacted during the second session of the 115th Congress; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services, the Judiciary, Veterans’ Af-fairs, Natural Resources, and Oversight and Government Reform. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. D UNN, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. A
RRINGTON , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. R
OKITA ): H.R. 5526. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for certain sen-tencing enhancements relating to illegal re-entry offenses, and to clarify the manner in which sentences for such offenses are to be served, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H.R. 5527. A bill to establish the Daniel Webster Congressional Clerkship Program; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. K
ELLY  of Mississippi, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Ms. R
OSEN ): H.R. 5528. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a plan for im-provements to traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress research; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 5529. A bill to provide for the transfer of certain Federal land in the State of Min-nesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5530. A bill to amend the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to re-peal desert terminal lakes assistance; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 5531. A bill to provide for a com-prehensive, multifaceted approach to pre-venting and treating opioid addiction; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Budget, Veterans’ Affairs, Over-sight and Government Reform, and the Judi-ciary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself and Mr. S
ANFORD ): H.R. 5532. A bill to redesignate the Recon-struction Era National Monument as the Re-construction Era National Historical Park, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. C
OHEN ): H.R. 5533. A bill to require a report of any Special Counsel who is removed from office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ): H.R. 5534. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to provide procedures for guidance issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself and Mr. E
NGEL ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17AP7.000 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3396 April 17, 2018 
H.R. 5535. A bill to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 re-garding energy diplomacy and security with-in the Department of State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. M
CEACHIN (for himself, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C
UELLAR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 5536. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the credit for ex-penditures to provide access to disabled indi-viduals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5537. A bill to authorize grantees of Department of Justice grants to set up task forces on policing in local communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire, and Mr. P
ALAZZO ): H.R. 5538. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitlement to educational assist-ance under the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended participation in vocational reha-bilitation programs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida (for himself, Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. B RAT, and Mr. N ORMAN ): H.R. 5539. A bill to set the annual rate of compensation for a Member of Congress who has served six consecutive terms as a Mem-ber of the House of Representatives or two consecutive terms as a Senator at $1, to amend title 5, United States Code, to exclude any service of a Member of Congress occur-ring during any pay period for which the Member’s annual rate of compensation is $1 as creditable service for purposes of an annu-ity under that title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SUOZZI (for himself and Mr. K
INZINGER ): H.R. 5540. A bill to direct the Director of National Intelligence to prepare a National Intelligence Estimate on Hizballah, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intel-ligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. UPTON (for himself and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 5541. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to provide equal coverage of in vitro specific IgE tests and percutaneous tests for allergies under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. E
NGEL ): H.R. 5542. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram under which the Secretary of Transpor-tation will reimburse public transportation agencies that offer free unlimited transpor-tation passes to eligible individuals; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5543. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow for a credit against tax for certain flood insurance ex-penses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 5544. A bill to amend chapter 31 of title 44, United States Code, to require the maintenance of certain records for 3 years, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.J. Res. 133. A joint resolution providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 833. A resolution electing Members to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5526. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article I—The Con-gress shall have the Power to establish a uni-form Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 5527. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. BACON: H.R. 5528. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 5529. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2—The Con-gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other property be-longing to the United States. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5530. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 5531. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress’s specified powers are primarily, but not exclusively, found in Section 8 of Ar-ticle I of the Constitution. This section con-tains 18 clauses, 17 of which enumerate rel-atively specific powers granted to the Con-gress. Among the powers enumerated are Congress’s powers to regulate commerce. By Mr. CLYBURN: H.R. 5532. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 5533. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5534. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 5535. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.R. 5536. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5537. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 5538. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 5539. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 5540. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 5541. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. The Congress shall have the Power to regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5542. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5543. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17AP7.100 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3397 April 17, 2018 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 5544. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.J. Res. 133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17, giving Con-gress exclusive jurisdiction over the District of Columbia. That clause was cited as the au-thority for the government’s ability to ac-cept the original Smithson donation and the creation of the Smithsonian Institution via the Act of August 10, 1846. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, the Nec-essary and Proper clause, which provides the power to enact legislation necessary to effec-tuate one of the earlier enumerated powers, such as the authority granted in Clause 17 above. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 103: Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 299: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 389: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 394: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 502: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 644: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 771: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 788: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 909: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 911: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 941: Mr. G
ALLAGHER and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 959: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1150: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 1206: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 1276: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´Nand Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1291: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 1300: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 1316: Mrs. R
OBY and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 1318: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1358: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1445: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 1511: Ms. M
OORE and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 1542: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1596: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 1603: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1697: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 1762: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1817: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1825: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1861: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1870: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1876: Mr. F
ASO, Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1928: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 1957: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2043: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2069: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2077: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2095: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2212: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 2242: Mr. G
OMEZ and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2270: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 2293: Mr. R
OSSand Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2317: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 2327: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2358: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 2418: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2553: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B ANKS  of Indiana, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 2584: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 2599: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 2747: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2953: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2976: Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 3174: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3192: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3356: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3378: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 3400: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3528: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3545: Mr. D
UNN, Mr. F LORES , and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3591: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3605: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 3681: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 3692: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 3751: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3767: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 3798: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 3842: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3871: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3938: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 3956: Mr. G
IBBS, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 3994: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4001: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4023: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4099: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 4106: Mr. T
AKANO and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.R. 4122: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4143: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4177: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 4215: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 4260: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4268: Ms. B
ASSand Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 4306: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 4635: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 4638: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 4691: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4693: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4733: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 4805: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4815: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4821: Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 4841: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 4843: Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4966: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 4983: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 5001: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 5012: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 5040: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 5041: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 5096: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5121: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mr. T IP-
TON. H.R. 5129: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5132: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. O LSON , Mr. P A-NETTA , Mr. R OSS, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 5136: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5146: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5147: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5153: Mr. H
UNTER and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 5180: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5191: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5198: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 5220: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 5259: Mr. P
ETERSON and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 5271: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 5322: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 5324: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 5339: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5343: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 5358: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 5365: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 5369: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 5383: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 5387: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5395: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 5406: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 5422: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 5442: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 5468: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5476: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 5483: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 5499: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5503: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida and Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 5509: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M
ARSHALL , and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 5517: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 5520: Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. C LAY, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Ms. L EE, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Mr. H ECK. H.J. Res. 100: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. R
USH. H. Res. 763: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. P
AYNE , and Mr. K ILMER . H. Res. 774: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. R EICHERT . H. Res. 781: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. M
OORE , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H. Res. 813: Mr. B
ACON . H. Res. 823: Ms. T
ITUS. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 4 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP7.030 H17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2191 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 2018 No. 62 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, Ruler of the Universe, the Sustainer of Life, and the Father of Humanity, great is Your faithfulness. Lord, forgive us when our courage wav-ers in the face of difficulties because we ignore Your abiding presence. Thank You for imparting wisdom, pa-tience, and strength to our lawmakers. Sustain them with Your presence, and strengthen them with Your love. Lord, keep them strong, hold them steady, and carry them through each challenge with honor. Grant that they will meet their hardships and setbacks with a firm faith in Your sustaining presence. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, yesterday afternoon I filed cloture on S. 1129, the Coast Guard Authorization Act, a comprehensive package that equips an adaptable force to meet a va-riety of important missions. I hope my colleagues will join me in ensuring its swift consideration and passage this week. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. First, Madam President, the Senate will consider yet another chance to use the Congres-sional Review Act and repeal yet an-other of the last administration’s run-away regulations. Thanks to Senator MORAN and Senator T OOMEY , today’s effort will protect consumers from a brazen attempt by the past Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau to stretch his authority and inter-fere in the auto industry. The Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 got a lot of things wrong, but one thing Dodd- Frank got right was protecting auto dealers from meddling by the CFPB. Our Democratic colleagues are usu-ally fans of Federal regulations. I guess even they had a hunch that, left un-checked, the Federal bureaucracy would find a way to put the brakes on this key industry—and how right they were. In 2013, Federal regulators concocted a loophole. They bypassed standard re-view and public comment periods for Federal regulations and instead issued guidance that would regulate auto dealers’ ability to negotiate loan terms with their customers. Dodd-Frank already gave the CFPB unprecedented insulation from the American people’s elected representa-tives, but apparently that wasn’t enough because they still attempted an end run around the express prohibition on the regulation of auto dealers with guidance they assumed would not be subject to the Congressional Review Act. Well, today Senator T
OOMEY foiled that plan when he asked GAO for an opinion on whether this guidance was, in fact, intrusive rulemaking that should be subject to congressional re-view. GAO decided that indeed it was, and now Congress will have its say. Republicans are chopping away at the tangled mess of regulations that the last administration left behind. Our whole economy is getting a tune- up, and now it is time for the front end of the auto industry to come along for the ride. We used the Congressional Review Act a record 15 times last year. Let’s join with our colleagues from Pennsyl-vania and Kansas and add another vic-tory to that list. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, today is tax day, the deadline for most Americans to file their tax returns. For many middle-class households, that means sending too much of their hard- earned money off to the IRS—hardly cause for celebration. But this year, the gray clouds of tax day have a silver lining. Today is the very last time that American families will have to file under the unfair, outdated Tax Code that Congress and the President got rid of a few months ago. Out with the old and in with the new. Republicans’ historic overhaul cut taxes for families and small businesses. We doubled the standard deduction, ex-panded the child tax credit, and low-ered rates as well. And we accom-plished all of this while preserving key middle-class provisions, such as the mortgage interest deduction. The upshot of all of this is simple: major tax relief for middle-class families and a big shot in the arm for the U.S. econ-omy, which will lead to more—and higher-paying—homegrown American jobs. Already, tax reform has given Amer-ican workers a raise, since less of each paycheck needs to be withheld for the IRS. When all is said and done, the Treasury Department estimates that our tax cuts will leave 90 percent of wage-earners with more take-home pay—that is 90 percent of wage earners with more take-home pay as a result of our tax reform measure. In addition, millions of Americans are receiving special bonuses, pay raises, or new benefits from their em-ployers as a direct result of tax reform. Thousand-dollar bonuses for workers at Kansas City Southern Railway in Mis-souri; a higher starting wage at First Farmers Bank & Trust in Indiana; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.000 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2192 April 17, 2018 
higher wages and new job opportunities at CSS Distribution Group, a small business packaging and distribution company in Kentucky; billion-dollar investments in pension plans for UPS and FedEx workers—the list goes on and on. My Democratic colleagues from New York and San Francisco scoff publicly at the idea that a $2,000 tax cut or a $1,000 bonus would make a difference for American families. They have called these things ‘‘crumbs.’’ Some-thing tells me they haven’t tried that talking point around many middle- class kitchen tables. I suspect they would be laughed out of the room. And these are just the first fruits. Tax reform laid the foundation for a more prosperous future with more good-paying American jobs. That is be-cause we made sending jobs overseas less appealing. We created new incen-tives for businesses to invest, expand, build, and hire right here at home. We gave overseas competitors something to worry about—a healthy, competitive U.S. economy. Already, job creators of all shapes and sizes are investing more and expanding. For example, a fur-niture store in Ohio is planning a 4,500- square-foot expansion, a craft brewery in Iowa is planning to open a new pro-duction line, and a deck and patio builder in Virginia is hiring 10 new em-ployees to meet rising demand, just to name a few. Republicans designed every piece of tax reform to benefit middle-class fam-ilies and small businesses, both right now and in the years and decades ahead. That used to be a bipartisan pri-ority, but this time, Democrats chose to put political posturing ahead of America’s best interests. Every single Democrat in the House and every sin-gle Democrat in the Senate voted to block tax reform—and by extension, every bit of this good news—from hap-pening. Later today, in fact, some of our colleagues across the aisle will be demonstrating against the law right here on the grounds of the Capitol. I wonder whether they are protesting all the new jobs, or maybe it is the big family tax cuts, or maybe they are pro-testing the bonuses and wage hikes or all of the small business expansions. Their first mistake was voting to block all of this in the first place. Now, even as the economy is starting to thrive, they want to repeal these historic tax cuts and literally claw back the money. But make no mistake—Repub-licans will continue to stand and fight for the American people. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PRESIDING OFFICER Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, congratulations. This is the first time, at least when I am speaking on the floor, that the Presiding Officer is in the Chair. Is this the first time the Presiding Officer is in the Chair? The Presiding Officer cannot answer. Let the record show that she nodded her head in an affirmative way. 
f 
TRIBAL LABOR SOVEREIGNTY BILL Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first, a brief comment on the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act, which failed to move forward in the Senate last night. Indian Affairs has very rarely found its way to the floor of the Senate, despite a number of very pressing issues in In-dian Country, including homelessness, educational disparities, language loss, healthcare access, broadband access, and many more. For a number of years, Democrats and Republicans on the In-dian Affairs Committee have pushed legislation that would alleviate these problems. On our side of the aisle, Sen-ators U
DALL , TESTER , SMITH, BALDWIN , H
EINRICH , H EITKAMP , CANTWELL , and M
URRAY have worked very hard on bills that deal with these very, very signifi-cant issues in Indian Country, but none of these bills have reached the floor. The leader has refused to put bills that would dramatically help Indian Country on the floor. When, finally, a Tribal bill was brought forward by the majority leader, it was closed to amendments and debate. Senator U
DALL , our ranking member, wished to have amendments. Senator H
OEVEN , the chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee, told me he wanted amend-ments. But the way Leader M
CCONNELL  brought it to the floor was with no amendments, no debate, and no discus-sion. Even worse, it was a bill to scrap labor rights at a time when we should be doing everything we can to strengthen labor protections. The only bill the leader would bring to the floor is one that was divisive and destined to fail—a political act, not an act to help Indian Country. The AFL–CIO said that passage of the measure ‘‘would have amounted to the most aggressive erosion of labor protection since the 1940s.’’ After many years of waiting for Trib-al issues to reach the floor, I think many of us were sorely disappointed that the majority leader opted for this incredibly divisive bill, done in such an incredibly divisive way. I hope, now that the measure has failed to advance, that the majority leader will consent to putting other Tribal bills on the floor, so many of which have broad bipartisan support and could pass at least the Senate. f 
RUSSIA AND SPECIAL COUNSEL LEGISLATION Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, on another issue, Russia and Mueller, yes-terday it was reported that President Trump overruled the decision of his ad-ministration to implement new sanc-tions against Russia for its support of the brutal Assad regime in Syria in the wake of a chemical weapons attack that was devastating. Our hearts go out when we see pictures like this. It is only the latest action in a long pattern of behavior in which President Trump opts to treat Russia and Presi-dent Putin with kid gloves. It took a very long time for President Trump to even utter a negative word about Mr. Putin, and his administration has time and again delayed the implementation of sanctions. Reports in the press said that Presi-dent Trump was unhappy with his ad-ministration’s decision to expel 60 Rus-sian diplomats after British citizens were victims of a Russian-linked at-tack. The decision to expel those dip-lomats was correct, in my view, but ap-parently the President wasn’t happy with the decision by his own appointed national security team. The White House shouldn’t have to drag the President kicking and scream-ing to do the right thing when it comes to punishing Vladimir Putin and Rus-sia. His refusal to stand up to the Kremlin is troubling, and it leaves many Americans wondering: Why and what does the President have to hide? That is what 90 percent of all Ameri-cans are asking themselves—Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative. His actions with Putin have been so con-founding and so contrary to American interests that there is virtually no ra-tional explanation for them. At the same time, the President’s rhetoric about the Russia probe should concern all of us. Should he seek to shut down or impede the investigation by firing the Deputy Attorney General or Special Counsel Mueller, interfering with the chain of command, or issuing pardons, we would—make no mistake about it—be in a full-fledged constitu-tional crisis. I urge my colleagues, all of my col-leagues—Democrat, Republican, Inde-pendent—to support the bipartisan leg-islation in the Judiciary Committee that would protect the special counsel from a political firing. The rule of law is not a partisan issue. It is one of the most serious issues we face because that is what is at the core of being an American. That is why the whole world admires us. That is why so many fami-lies like mine have been able to climb the ladder, starting out in poverty as my grandparents did, to a decent life. We cannot let the rule of law become a partisan issue. Let us speak in one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.001 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2193 April 17, 2018 
loud, clear voice by passing this legis-lation through the Senate as soon as possible. Finally, as well, the contradictions, I might add, in the administration are enormous. Nikki Haley must be so em-barrassed today. She forthrightly said that we are going to be tough on Rus-sia and do additional sanctions one day, and then the President contra-dicted her the next. Do they talk to each other? Do they have a set plan? Or is it just up to the President’s whim, day by day, moment by moment? When it comes to Russia, it is far too serious to rely on whim, changing attitudes, and maybe an 800-pound gorilla in the room. There is something the Presi-dent is worried about. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, fi-nally, today is tax day. That is prob-ably America’s least favorite holiday. It is appropriate today to look back at what has happened since the Repub-licans passed their tax bill last year. Since the beginning of the tax debate, Republicans have insisted their bill is about cutting taxes for working Ameri-cans. Even though the crux of their bill was a massive corporate tax cut, they said that workers would benefit the most. Even though it would direct 83 percent of the benefits to the top 1 per-cent, they said that the bill would be a ‘‘middle-class miracle.’’ How many middle-class people today think that tax bill is a miracle? Not many. The only way that could have been true was if corporations had de-cided to invest a substantial amount of their newfound profits in workers. That is what Republicans, after all, ar-gued would happen. We Democrats warned that if you gave the big corporations the lion’s share of the tax cuts, corporations would do what they always do when they have higher profits and extra cash—distribute it amongst them-selves, have a nice little party. Unfor-tunately, the evidence is mounting that our predictions, as much as we wish they hadn’t come true, were pre-scient. Since the passage of the tax bill—lis-ten to this—corporations have spent over $250 billion on share buybacks. That is putting corporations on track to spend between $800 billion and $1 trillion on share buybacks this year alone, outstripping the previous pace. People may ask: What is a share buyback? Here is what it is. A corpora-tion has a lot of money. Some things they can do are pay workers more, give family leave, treat their employees better. Another thing they could do is invest in new plants and equipment, new training to make that corporation more efficient and to sell more of its goods. Those are good things. What is a bad thing? Buying back the stock. What is buying back the stock? The corporation says: We have a mil-lion shares outstanding. If we buy back 100,000 of them, the price of the remain-ing ones will go up. Who benefits? Above all, those who have a lot of the stock shares—the CEOs of the corporations and the wealthiest heads of those companies. Who else benefits? Shareholders. Eighty percent of all shares in Amer-ica, despite pensions and despite 401(k)s, are held by the 10 percent—the richest people in America. And one- third of all shares, totally, go to people overseas. That is who benefits from stock buybacks: corporate CEOs, wealthy shareholders, people over-seas—more than the average American worker. That is what has happened. Listen to this. According to a recent analysis by JUST Capital, only 6 per-cent of the capital allocated by compa-nies from the tax bill’s savings has gone to employees, while nearly 60 per-cent has gone to shareholders. That statistic gets to the very core of the debate. Who benefited from the tax bill? It was mainly wealthy CEOs, a lot of foreigners, and the wealthiest people in America—not the average working person. As USA Today put it last week: 
The number of companies letting workers know they are getting a bonus, raise or other form of financial compensation has slowed to a trickle. Most of the extra cash from tax savings is going into the pockets of stock shareholders through dividend increases and companies buying back their own stock in hopes of boosting its price. 
The whole theory of the Republican tax bill can be summed up in two words: ‘‘trickle down.’’ The whole the-ory was to lavish corporations and the already wealthy with tax cuts and maybe the benefits might trickle down to everyone else. We are already seeing the balloon burst on that idea as cor-porations dedicate an enormous per-centage of the tax savings to stock buybacks and only a sliver to worker compensation. That is why the Repub-lican bill is not popular. A poll out from NBC News/Wall Street Journal— Wall Street Journal, hardly a working man’s newspaper—showed that only 27 percent of Americans think the tax cuts were a good idea. That is fitting news on tax day, one of the least pop-ular days of the year. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The Senator from Massachusetts. 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTION  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, just weeks after making it harder to stop discrimination in mortgage lending, the Senate is now on the verge of vot-ing to make it harder to stop discrimi-nation in auto lending. About 40 years ago, Congress passed the important civil rights law called the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. That law said companies couldn’t dis-criminate when offering a loan. It was a simple idea: Loan terms should be based on creditworthiness, not on the color of someone’s skin. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is one of the Federal agencies responsible for enforcing that 40-year- old law. The CFPB found out that when auto dealers were helping customers get financing for a car loan, minority customers were often given worse loans than their White counterparts. The un-derlying reason was something called a dealer reserve, where the lenders pro-viding the financing for a car loan gave the dealer discretion to mark up the interest rate on the loan and the dealer could keep some of the additional prof-it from the markup. The problem was the growing evidence that dealers marked up loans higher for minorities than for Whites with similar credit profiles. In 2013, the CFPB issued guidance to these lenders about how they could make sure they were complying with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. They could institute more rigorous oversight of their auto financing proc-ess to get rid of these discriminatory practices or they could stop using the dealer reserves that facilitated these discriminatory practices and just pay dealers a flat fee per loan instead. After issuing the guidance, the CFPB found that a few auto lenders were not following the guidance. It entered into settlements with Fifth Third and the financing arms of both Honda and Toy-ota. These settlements returned mil-lions of dollars to people who had been charged more for car loans simply based on the color of their skin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.003 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2194 April 17, 2018 
A lot of auto dealers and auto lenders don’t like the CFPB’s guidance, which brings us to today, when the Senate is about to vote on reversing this guid-ance and prohibiting the CFPB from ever issuing similar guidance again. This is part of the broader Repub-lican attack on the efforts to fight eco-nomic discrimination. House Repub-licans have passed multiple bills that would make it harder to enforce fair lending laws. Since assuming control of the CFPB, Mick Mulvaney has taken steps to undermine the agency’s Office of Fair Lending. The vote today is also a troubling followup to the recent bank deregula-tion bill that just passed the Senate. That bill reduced data reporting re-quirements for 85 percent of the banks in this country, making it harder for Federal agencies to monitor mortgage lending, uncover discrimination, and enforce the law. Now the Senate is con-sidering rolling back guidance that ex-plains how lenders can avoid discrimi-nation when providing auto loans. Let’s be clear. Discrimination in auto lending is alive and well. The National Fair Housing Alliance recently sent two people—one White, one non- White—to eight car dealerships in Vir-ginia. Even though the non-White per-son had better credit than the White person in each instance, the non-White person ended up with a more expensive loan half of the time. Think about that—better credit and paid more for the loan. In fact, in those cases, the non-White person would have paid $2,500 more over the life of their loan than the White person with worse cred-it. The last thing we should be doing is making it harder to crack down on that kind of discrimination. As a wide array of civil rights and consumer groups recently wrote, ‘‘Discrimination in auto lending continues to extract billions of dollars a year in extra loan payments from borrowers of color; Con-gress should be taking action to end this injustice, not interfering with ef-forts to enforce fair lending laws.’’ A vote in favor of the resolution today is a vote to support the Trump administration’s systemic dismantling of fair lending laws in this country. It is a vote in favor of Mick Mulvaney’s efforts to leash up the CFPB’s Office of Fair Lending. It is a vote in favor of al-lowing some auto lenders and dealers to continue to charge African Ameri-cans and Latinos hundreds and thou-sands more just because of their race. I urge all of my colleagues to oppose this resolution. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Michigan. 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I rise to talk about an issue that is extremely important to my State of Michigan. In Michigan, we take great pride in the fact that we are never more than 6 miles from a body of water or more than 85 miles from one of our incredibly amazing Great Lakes. In fact, one out of five jobs in Michi-gan in some way is tied to the water. So this is really about who we are. It is in our DNA in Michigan when we talk about the Great Lakes. In terms of the country, it is important for all of us to care about the Great Lakes because 95 percent of the surface fresh water in the United States is in the Great Lakes. It is 20 percent of the world’s fresh water, but 95 percent of our fresh water in the United States is in the Great Lakes. Through our Great Lakes Task Force, we are always working to-gether. All the Senators and House Members around the Great Lakes have a special responsibility to step up and protect them, but we all should care because of the incredible natural re-sources they provide. Unfortunately, perhaps no other body of water in the United States has been as harmed by invasive species as the Great Lakes. It is ballast water that has brought the majority of these invasive species into the Great Lakes. They are first brought in from salt water into the Great Lakes, and then they are moved around within the Great Lakes after they get there. I am very concerned about legisla-tion in front of us that would weaken our ability to protect the Great Lakes. We need to do everything we can to maintain strong ballast water stand-ards and maintain what we need to under the Clean Water Act to protect the waters. It is incredibly important for me to speak out, along with my col-leagues, about what is in front of us. I strongly support the Coast Guard bill. In fact, I strongly support the Coast Guard. I think we have the best and the brightest in the Michigan Coast Guard. I am very proud of them, but I am deeply opposed to attaching a bill to that critical legislation that would undermine our ability to fight invasive species under the Clean Water Act and that would take away the rights of our States to be able to pro-tect our waters. This new version of what has been dubbed VIDA, or the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, requires the Coast Guard to set ballast water standards in consultation with the EPA, but it has always been in reverse. The Coast Guard is not responsible for the protec-tions. They do fantastic work, but it is not their job in terms of water quality. That is the EPA. Unfortunately, this legislation that has been attached to the Coast Guard bill removes the au-thority to regulate ballast water dis-charges under the Clean Water Act. That is a problem for a lot of reasons. First of all, it means that States like the Great Lakes State of Michigan will see our authority to set standards dis-appear, repealing what the State of Michigan—the Governor of the State and the legislature—has done over the years to protect the water that lit-erally surrounds our peninsula. It means that legal challenges to ensure strong standards will be curtailed as well. Why is this important? Legal action under the Clean Water Act has arguably been the primary driver for requiring new ballast water standards. Preventing invasive species from hitching a ride in ballast water is really a big deal. In fact, the cost of fighting invasive species nationwide is about $120 billion every year. In Michi-gan, we are spending anywhere up to $800 million a year dealing with invasive species that are already here. One of our big nightmares is that Asian carp that have been coming up the Mis-sissippi and Illinois Rivers will hit the Great Lakes. If we don’t have the ca-pacity to do what we need to do there, it is going to be a disaster for the Great Lakes. Let me also say that on the Great Lakes, we have what we call our lakers, which are huge cargo vessels. If you have been to the Great Lakes, you can look out at it. It looks like you are looking at the ocean with big barges. We call the Great Lakes, of course, the ocean without the salt or sharks. We have barges. I have been a strong supporter of the lakers. They are vital to our economy, and they really do a wonderful job. But unfortunately, when we look at pro-tecting the Great Lakes, giving a de facto exemption, which is in this bill, from these vessels ever having to be re-quired to install ballast water control technologies is not in the interest of protecting our waters. The good news is that, as the lakers travel within the Great Lakes, they aren’t bringing in the salt water bal-last, but, unfortunately, they move them around. We saw this with zebra mussels that were in the lower part of the Great Lakes. Unfortunately, they get moved around all the way up to Lake Superior because of the vessels that are moving. It does make a dif-ference having those standards. Beyond the ballast water though, one of the things that I just recently found out about this addition to the Coast Guard bill that is concerning in a very large way, on top of all this, is that it not only curtails State ballast water laws, but many States have regulations to limit other discharges of oils and chemicals and so on. Often times, these rules are in place to protect sensitive areas like oyster beds or corals, which, again, are out in the salt water. For us, this is about the fact that it would re-move the ability for States to regulate other harmful chemicals. I will give you one example that is becoming a nightmare for us in Michi-gan. I think it will eventually be in every State. That is a runoff of a regu-lated type of foam that has been used 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.004 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2195 April 17, 2018 
forever in fire suppression. There is a group of chemicals that they dump called PFOS. That is the acronym. We have fire suppression equipment that has been used at training facilities and others on our Air Force bases, Army bases, National Guard bases, and so on, for a long time. It is not used anymore. On the west side of Michigan, we have private companies making footwear and other kinds of products where these water-resistant chemicals have been used in all kinds of ways for a long time. Across the country, States like Michigan are struggling to address se-rious contamination of drinking water caused by a chemical that has been used in this firefighting foam. At our National Guard training center, Camp Grayling in Northern Michigan—which is the largest one in the country for the National Guard—we have a beau-tiful lake. We have a lot of lakes. This beautiful lake is in the middle of this very large facility. We now see this foam flowing on top of the water. For people with private property around the lake, this foam chemical now is floating on top of the water. The town-ships are looking at ways that they can go from individual wells to some kind of municipal water system, but it is touching every part of Michigan. My guess is that before it is done, because these types of foams were used all over the country, we are going to see it ev-erywhere, and we are going to have real challenges. I am very appreciative that the De-partment of Defense appropriations money was added for a study to look at the broader safety issues and public health issues that relate to this so we know that the right standards are set. There are standards now, but we need to be looking more deeply at the im-pacts on ground water and so on. We are going to have a lot of remediation to do for the public sector as well as private sector. Here is the problem. This bill says that States can no longer issue any regulation on the use of these foams which may contain toxic substances. It is not only ballast water that we care deeply about. States that don’t have the beautiful Great Lakes around them or our coastlines are impacted by these toxic substances that we are finding more of every day—these chemicals that were used everywhere. I am sure people thought they were safe when they were using them. Now we are find-ing out they were not, and they have a huge impact. This is especially problematic when the States—not the Federal Govern-ment—are on the frontline in address-ing this new awareness of citizens about the impact of the ground water contamination. This bill would take away the capacity for States to be able to act. I don’t think any of the sup-porters of the bill intended for this to happen. In fact, many of the pro-ponents of the bill have been leaders in the effort in the Senate to address these chemicals. I urge us to take a step back, and be-fore voting to proceed to concur with this, that we take a step back together and take a look at the broader implica-tions of the way this language is put together. I strongly support the Coast Guard bill. I think everybody here is going to regret it if this moves forward with this additional language. Cer-tainly, I am not going to support it. Because of the ballast water concerns alone, I would not. But you add on top of that taking away the State’s capac-ity to be able to address these toxic chemicals that we are now finding ev-erywhere—not only in Michigan, but across the country—and I think they should be sending off alarm bells to ev-eryone. I know that Senator C
ARPER and the EPW Committee have been working on a real solution to address this issue. I personally think we can do that on a bipartisan basis. I hope we will. This is a vote, I think, that many will regret down the road as this PFOS chemical contamination becomes more widespread. The firefighting foam wasn’t just used in Michigan or in a few States. It was around the country. I think taking away the State’s ability to be able to address that in their State is a very serious issue. I would urge my colleagues to vote no on this motion. Let us go back and take an-other look at it and figure out some different language. Certainly, we all support the Coast Guard. If we want to take VIDA out and do the Coast Guard bill, that is great. If we want to look at the issues around VIDA—and I appre-ciate the concerns around that—let’s do it in a way that makes sense for the people we represent and the States who need to be able to act now. In Michi-gan, this has become a huge issue around this group of toxic chemicals. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Whenever we vote—I believe it may be tomorrow—I hope that we take a step back and work together to get this right. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, today is the last tax day under the old, awful, and broken tax system that the American people have had to put up with for decades. Under the tax relief law that Repub-licans passed in this body in Decem-ber—it was signed by President Trump and passed the House, as well—we now a have a simpler and fairer system and, so importantly, one that is much less expensive for American families. One big thing we did in the tax law was to double the standard deduction that people can take. This is what it means. This one change alone, all by itself, means that 95 percent of tax-payers will be taking the standard de-duction from now on. It means people will not have to waste a lot of time wading through paperwork and boxes of receipts. People will not have to spend hours chasing after little itemized deductions, as they have done year after year on tax day. They will not just be crossing their fingers, hop-ing they are doing everything right, hoping they don’t overpay, and hoping they don’t run afoul of the law by not paying the amount that is required by law. It is going to be much simpler and much fairer. When I thought of all of the things we have been working on with tax re-lief, tax reform, tax reductions, to me, it can be summed up in just two words: simpler and lower. Taxes needed to be lower, and they needed to be simpler. So what we are seeing now is both sim-pler and lower taxes. That is a big change that people are going to notice. They are noticing it now in their pay-checks, but they are really going to no-tice it next April 15 when they file their taxes. Americans will not have to wait until next year to see a lot of the benefits of this tax relief law. They are seeing it today because the law wasn’t just tax reform and simplification; it was an immediate, big tax cut as well. It means hard-working Americans are seeing money in their paychecks, and they are seeing it today. Average wages have gone up nearly 3 percent. That is a big increase com-pared to the stagnant wage growth we saw during the entire previous admin-istration. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, American workers brought home almost $200 billion more in Feb-ruary than they did in December. Some of it came right away in the form of bo-nuses that companies handed out be-cause of the tax law; some of it came when employers cut the amount of in-come tax that they were withholding from a worker’s paycheck; and some of it was because of higher wages we have seen with raises announced across the country. It all adds up to about $200 billion more for hard-working Ameri-cans. That is money people can then spend on things that are important to them and their families. It is about Amer-ican families’ priorities, not nec-essarily how the government thinks it can spend its money better than the American people. It is money people can save for things such as tuition for their kids, a new car, or whatever they want to save for. People notice that kind of difference in their take-home pay. It makes a big difference in their lives. Another thing that happens when we cut taxes is that businesses have more money to hire more workers. I have seen it happen in Wyoming. I have seen it as I travel the State. In city after city, town after town, community after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.006 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2196 April 17, 2018 
community, businesses are hiring more workers locally. In fact, the American economy has added over 600,000 new jobs just since Republicans passed and President Trump signed the tax law in December. These are jobs at places like Kroger. That grocery store chain—and they have a number of convenience stores, as well, serving all around Wyoming— said last week that they are going to be hiring 11,000 new workers. Those aren’t just people at headquarters; these are people in stores all across the country—cashiers, produce clerks, workers in prepared food sections of the store. It is good for the American economy and good for the communities where these people are being hired. If someone has money in their pock-et, they can decide to spend some of it, give some to charity, invest some, or save some—whatever they want to do. It is their money. In some of the stores similar to Kroger in Cheyenne, Casper, Gillette, Rock Springs—but we are seeing it all around the country—stores are hiring more people. They are increasing bene-fits for people who want to continue their education or get a GED. All of these things are benefiting our coun-try. The companies say it is directly because they are saving money under the tax law. We have heard this story again and again. You have heard it in your State, and I have heard it in mine. They are hiring because they are saving more money under the tax law. A lot of companies are paying more because they want to hold on to the workers they have. That is one reason the initial jobless claims number for the first week of April has dropped. The claims of people who are out of work and have filed for benefits from the government have dropped by 9,000 people. That is a sign that people are keeping their jobs and don’t need to apply for unemployment benefits. The number of jobless claims has been low now for the longest stretch ever. They have been keeping records since 1967, and nobody has ever seen it like this. One economist looked at all the good news and said: ‘‘The job market is rip- roaring.’’ The American people don’t need an economist to tell them that. All they need to do is look around their own hometown. I see it at home in Wy-oming. Businesses are hiring. Workers are getting bonuses. They are getting raises. They are seeing more money in their paychecks. People all across America are feeling better about their jobs. I see confidence and optimism at home. People are feeling better about their own personal financial situation. It is certainly the case at home in Wy-oming. There have been a couple of surveys that have come out recently. In one of them, the Pew Research Center found that the number of people who say that this economy is in good or excellent condition is now the highest it has been in two decades—20 years. That is the confidence of the American people in the economy. In a second survey, the polling firm Gallup found that investor optimism is at ‘‘the highest levels . . . in 17 years.’’ When we talk about investors, we are talking about families in Wyoming who are saving for their retirement. They have seen the effects of Repub-lican policies like the tax relief law. They have seen what we are doing to cut regulations so the economy can grow, so people can be free to live their lives and make decisions for them-selves. They have seen what happens when Washington starts to put Amer-ica first again. All of those things, added together, make people confident in our economy, and it gives them opti-mism for the future. The only people who aren’t feeling optimistic right now are the Demo-crats in Congress who, across the board, voted against this tax relief law. Republicans voted to lower taxes, and Democrats voted for higher taxes. Now Democrats seem to be desperately try-ing to spin their way out of the terrible choices that they have made. Over the weekend, the former Speak-er of the House of Representatives, N
ANCY PELOSI , said that the Repub-lican tax cuts ‘‘are unfair to America’s working families.’’ Who is she kidding? The only thing unfair would be if Democrats get their wish and repeal the tax cuts that we passed and raise taxes, which apparently is what they want to do. I have spoken to a lot of working families at home in Wyoming. They are overjoyed at the extra money they have gotten in their paychecks since the Republicans cut taxes. Americans know that the economy has created 605,000 new jobs since we passed tax re-lief. They know we are breaking records for low numbers of people filing for unemployment. People see that the average wages are up—much higher than they were a year ago. They know the Republicans cut taxes, doubled the standard deduction, got rid of the ObamaCare individual mandate tax, and changed the death tax, which is a big issue for our farmers and ranchers in Wyoming and for small business owners. Hard-working Americans who just filled out their taxes know the Repub-licans are on their side, and the last thing they want is to hear Democrats talking about raising taxes again. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today, as millions of Americans in Illinois and across the Nation finish filing their taxes, I come to the floor to discuss the most recent tax reform bill considered by the U.S. Senate and House of Rep-resentatives. Last year, Republicans followed through with their promise and used a special procedural approach called rec-onciliation, which allowed them to bring a tax reform plan to the floor outside of regular order and without committee hearings and the ordinary amendment-invoked process. Demo-crats were not really participants in this but only observers, under the rec-onciliation process. That tax plan has now become the law of the land, and now we know what it is doing. It has created a massive tax giveaway to the largest multinational corporations, to the wealthiest corporate CEOs, and to well-connected campaign donors. In passing this plan, Republicans said that if they could just cut taxes enough for large corporations, these corporations would invest in America, give breaks to their employees, and create more employment. The benefits of these tax breaks to the corporations supposedly would trickle down to workers in the form of higher wages, and the economy would explode, cre-ating new jobs. The tax plan was voted on favorably by every Republican in the U.S. Sen-ate, and it added $1.5 trillion to the na-tional debt, to fund these massive cor-porate tax cuts. So what did the cor-porations do with their tax cut bene-fits? They turned around and took their taxpayer-funded tax cut and gave their wealthy CEOs and shareholders a raise. So far, in 2018, large corporations have announced over $235 billion in stock buybacks—far outpacing the rate of companies announcing one-time bo-nuses for their workers. Not only that, but more than 100,000 employees in large corporations have actually been terminated. You couldn’t get further from tax relief for working families if you tried. It gets worse. The Congressional Budget Office reported last week that the Republican tax plan will actually cost another $300 billion beyond the $1.5 trillion estimate. Our children and grandchildren will pay off the cost of this tax cut for the wealthiest people in America and the largest corpora-tions. So much for the promise that these tax cuts would pay for them-selves. It will cost us roughly $1.9 tril-lion over 10 years for these tax cuts for major corporations and wealthy people. This is a burden our children and grandchildren will bear. So what are we hearing now when it comes to the budget? Just last week, after seeing that the plan they voted for was expected to add $1.9 trillion to the deficit, Republican Tennessee Sen-ator CORKER said: ‘‘If it ends up costing what has been laid out here, it could well be one of the worst votes I’ve made.’’ The so-called fiscal conservatives here in the Senate didn’t seem as con-cerned about the deficit when they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.007 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2197 April 17, 2018 
were voting for a 10-figure increase that would go to cut taxes for wealthy people and large corporations. But make no mistake—as predictably as night follows day, we now have a re-newed call in the House of Representa-tives for a budget amendment—a con-stitutional, balanced budget, ‘‘stop me before I sin again’’ amendment. Now that Republicans have exploded the deficit, the absolutely vital public as-sistance programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid are now at risk. If there is a balanced budget amendment, they have said that we have to get to the basic programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid to make up the difference. I think it is unconscionable to give tax breaks to people who are well off and com-fortable and then to cut the basics of human existence for many senior citi-zens in Social Security and Medicare. The devastating first act of the Re-publican tax plan and fiscal conserv-atives, as they define it, has exploded our Nation’s deficit and provided enor-mous benefit to those who, frankly, don’t need it. We can’t let the second act be a balanced budget constitutional amendment that will end up pillaging the basic programs that help low- and middle-income Americans the most in the name of fiscal responsibility. 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. President, there was a poll in the city of Chicago a few years ago by the Chicago Tribune, and they asked the residents of that city: What is the greatest asset in the city of Chicago? Overwhelmingly, they all said the same thing: Lake Michigan. That is under-standable. If you have been to that beautiful city and seen that lakefront and realized the impact it has on the quality of life, it is understandable that Chicagoans would value it the most. Millions of people visit Lake Michi-gan each year. They swim, kayak, and boat. They just walk along the beach and have little picnics. It really is a major asset. The lake is the primary source of drinking water for more than 10 million people not just in Illinois but in Wisconsin, Indiana, Michigan, and many other States. Together, the Great Lakes support a multibillion- dollar fishing industry, dozens of local economies, and thousands of small businesses. However, the Coast Guard reauthorization bill, which could come before the Senate as early as tomor-row, will do irreversible damage to the Great Lakes, and I am urging my col-leagues to oppose it. It is not uncommon in this Chamber for Members from each State to stand up from time to time and tell a story to their colleagues about something in their State of great personal value to them and to plead with their col-leagues to understand what this means and to stand by them in protecting a great natural resource or a great nat-ural asset. The bill itself—the Coast Guard reau-thorization—I don’t have a problem with. It does a lot of good things for an important part of our military service. It helps equip the Coast Guard with the tools they are going to need so they can keep us safe and be part of the crit-ical homeland security mission. There is, however, one provision in the bill that should not be there. This bill was reported by the Com-merce Committee. One of the provi-sions in this bill should never have started in the Commerce Committee; it should be in the Environment Com-mittee. It is known as the Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act, or VIDA. This provision in the Coast Guard reauthor-ization bill will undermine the Clean Water Act just to give a generous deal to one specific industry. VIDA exempts the shipping industry from being regulated by the Environ-mental Protection Agency under the Clean Water Act. It places it instead under the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard is a great organization, and there are great men and women serving there. The Coast Guard, however, has no expertise in setting standards for clean water; the Environmental Pro-tection Agency has that responsibility. This bill takes that responsibility away from the EPA. This bill also preempts the States and their rights to implement their own standards that would meet specific needs and limits the public’s ability to seek action in court. Who opposes this bill? The attorney general of the State of Illinois, as well as the attorneys general from New York, California, Maine, Massachu-setts, Michigan, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Washington, so far. The bill’s supporters say all of this is necessary to establish a uniform na-tional standard, but the bill doesn’t do that. Instead, it cuts a big Great Lakes-sized doughnut hole out of its own standard and exempts ships oper-ating on the Great Lakes from meeting the same ‘‘best available control tech-nology’’ standard that all other ship-pers are required to meet. It is a sweet-heart deal for shippers on the Great Lakes. VIDA also makes it almost impos-sible for anyone to ever require ships operating on the Great Lakes to install new pollution controls in the future. This means these ships would likely never be required to use any available technology to prevent the spread of invasive species like mussels, blood red shrimp, and Asian carp. I can’t tell you how much money we have spent to stop the Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes. We think it is going to destroy the Great Lakes as a marine habitat if we are not careful, and we have stopped them so far. This irresponsible measure as part of the Coast Guard reauthorization goes in exactly the opposite direction. It opens the door for invasive species invading our Great Lakes through ballast water. That is unacceptable. Chicagoans deserve to know that ships operating on Lake Michigan are using the best technology available to prevent the discharge of harmful chemicals into their primary drinking water and invasive species, but the bill’s exemptions go far beyond the Great Lakes. Another provision of VIDA would prevent EPA and States from enforcing standards to stop the shipping industry from releasing fluorinated chemicals into the lakes and oceans across the country. Many of my colleagues have become familiar with chemicals like PFAS and PFOA after they contami-nated critical groundwater sources in their own States. As the ranking member of the De-fense Appropriations Subcommittee, I can’t tell you how many colleagues from all across the United States have now discovered that these perfluorinated chemicals are a danger to their drinking supply and a public health hazard. They come to me beg-ging for Federal funds to clean up the messes at military bases and airports. Now we are considering a bill on the floor that weakens the standard for re-lease of those chemicals into our water supply. What are we thinking? Is the shipping industry worth that much that we turn our backs on this public health hazard? I have seen how the military has used these chemicals over the years for le-gitimate purposes like firefighting. Now we are going to spend millions of dollars cleaning them up, and this Coast Guard bill is going to make it worse. Allowing the commercial ship-ping industry to freely release these chemicals into bodies of water without proper oversight is downright dis-gusting. All of these reasons are why more than 115 environmental organizations have announced their opposition to this Coast Guard bill. It has nothing to do with the Coast Guard—we value them; we treasure them; we want to help them—but to slip this provision in, this environmental rider which en-dangers the water supply for millions of Americans, is just wrong. Despite all these objections, Senator M
CCONNELL now wants to bring this bill to the floor in a way that will limit debate, doesn’t allow for any amend-ments to change it, and provides no pathway to improve the bill or to de-lete this terrible provision. This is not how to consider an issue that is so im-portant with so many people concerned about it. I urge my colleagues, when this measure of the Coast Guard reauthor-ization comes up for a vote on cloture on concurrence, to vote no. Today it is the Great Lakes. Tomor-row it is your backyard, it is your water supply that some special interest group will want to contaminate in the name of more profits. We can do better. We owe it to our kids to do better. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The Senator from Arizona. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.009 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2198 April 17, 2018 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 1551 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise today, as I have and will continue to do until we find a resolution to this issue. I rise to advocate for a solution to ad-dress the issue of securing our border and protecting those young immi-grants impacted by an uncertain future in the DACA Program. Last month, I offered legislation to extend DACA for 3 years and to provide 3 years of increased funding for border security—this so-called 3-for-3 plan. Unfortunately, some of my colleagues have repeatedly chosen to block this measure from coming to the floor, but the President’s decision to send Na-tional Guard troops to the border dis-plays a continued interest to secure the border. To take care of that aspect, this bill would provide significant re-sources to do just that, to help secure the border, at the same time protecting these young immigrants from possible deportation. I am the first to admit this solution is far from perfect, but it provides a temporary fix for these critical prob-lems and will provide all sides of the debate with just enough of what they want. It is a compromise. It would begin the process of funding the Presi-dent’s plan to improve border security and, as I mentioned, ensure DACA re-cipients will not lose protections and face possible deportation. These young immigrants were brought here through no fault of their own. They have waited long enough for these protections. Likewise, border communities, like in my home State of Arizona, have waited long enough for increased security along our southern border. As I have said before, we in Congress have too regularly confused action with results and have been entirely too comfortable ignoring problems that are just actually tough to solve. We may not be able to deliver a permanent so-lution to these problems at this time, but we now have an opportunity to offer at least some action on them. There are many people whose lives and well-being depend on our ability to de-liver meaningful results. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the imme-diate consideration of Calendar No. 300, H.R. 1551. I further ask that the Flake substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally. The majority whip. 
SYRIA  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I come to the floor to offer some remarks on the decision of the President of the United States to order precision mis-sile strikes on three facilities in Syria last Friday night. This action demonstrates American leadership in the face of gross human rights violations and, as we all recall, President Obama’s redline, which was not enforced, which indeed is a provo-cation in and of itself. I am glad this President has seen fit now, not just once but on two occa-sions, to punish the Syrian regime for such gross human rights violations. These actions are consistent with our values and legal authorities provided to the President under the Constitu-tion. They are similar to decisions made by Presidents Clinton and Obama in Kosovo and Libya. While not unprecedented, clearly what occurred is very serious. So I want to take just a few moments to ex-plain why I think the strikes were jus-tified and were the appropriate course of action taken against the Assad re-gime. What we now know is, the Syrian government, on April 7, attacked civil-ians in the city of Duma, killing at least 70 and injuring 500 more. To carry out the attack, the regime used chlo-rine and sarin gas against its own peo-ple. We know this because credible medical personnel—including the World Health Organization—reported physical symptoms that indicated these substances had been used. People were convulsing in the streets, their nervous systems were attacked, their pupils were constricted, all telltale signs of these chemicals. When civilians suffer in this way, there is nothing normal or acceptable about it—even in a country grappling with a brutal civil war. That Bashar al- Assad inflicted these crimes on his own people makes them even darker and more insidious. Chemical weapons have long been the kind of redline in the realm of armed, international conflict. After World War I, the 1925 Geneva Protocol banned chemical and biological weapons be-cause they are different in kind from guns, sabers, and bombs. One reason they are different is be-cause of the suffering they inflict on their victims. Another reason is be-cause of their indiscriminate nature. Gases, by their very nature, are impos-sible to control. They spread in the at-mosphere. You can’t quarantine gas in-side of a defined battlefield, which means civilians can’t and will not be spared. In other words, there is nothing surgical or targeted about these weap-ons. The use of them can’t be tailored to avoid harming children and innocent bystanders. They are instruments of terror, short and simple, and their bru-tality and lethality are stunning. A third reason these weapons are so atrocious is because of the slippery slope they provide. If gas attacks are tolerated in the international commu-nity, what comes next—biological, ra-diological, or nuclear weapons? That is not an unreasonable question. The free world must therefore stand unified against the use of chemical weapons. The failure to do so sends a signal of idleness or even complicity to the dic-tators of the world. The Geneva Protocol that eventually led to the Chemical Weapons Conven-tion has been ratified by more than 190 nations. This means there is a near global consensus that the kinds of gas attacks perpetrated by Bashar al-Assad are completely out of bounds, even in war zones. As I stand here today, I want to offer my support for both the mission that was carried out and the underlying ob-jective, which was to degrade Syria’s capability to research, develop, and de-ploy chemical weapons—ones that have clearly done tremendous amounts of harm. The targets of our Syrian missile strikes were a research center and two storage facilities used in the produc-tion and testing of chemical and bio-logical weapons. We hope that now that these facilities are destroyed, Assad will be perhaps persuaded not to use chemical weapons once and for all. There is reason to be skeptical, as we know, since he has before. We all re-member last year when we struck Syr-ian airfields after similar provocations. Bashar al-Assad ignored our warning, gassed his own people, and has now paid a higher price. Will it be enough? Who can know, but I hope so. The con-sequences of his cruel and repressive tactics were swift and circumscribed airstrikes ordered by the President of the United States. They protected against the loss of innocent life and avoided sparking a larger regional con-flict. We are grateful to our allies, Great Britain and France, which played a piv-otal role in the mission. We are also grateful to our uniformed military for their meticulous planning, flawless execution, and courageous leadership. TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on another matter that is very much on Americans’ minds, today is tax day. This is the day our 2017 tax returns are due, and I know many Texans are breathing a sigh of relief, knowing what lies just around the corner, and that is because today is the last time Americans will file taxes under the old, broken Tax Code that we overhauled last year in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Yesterday, our friend Representative K
EVIN BRADY in the House wrote that now we can finally say ‘‘Goodbye and good riddance to that outdated mon-strosity of a tax code that took [so] much of [Americans’] money, sent [so many American] jobs overseas, and kept our economy so slow, many work-ers didn’t see a pay raise for a decade or more.’’ It has been estimated that after-tax income in Texas will increase by close to $2,600 because of the changes that we enacted into law and which were signed by the President. All across the State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.011 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2199 April 17, 2018 
our constituents are seeing signs that the law is positive and has wide-reach-ing effects. I, like the Presiding Offi-cer, my colleague from Texas, have spoken to many of those families and businesses, both great and small. Some of the most recent ones I talked to were in College Station. One of the folks I spoke to was a woman by the name of Claudia Smith. Claudia owns and operates a small mom-and-pop flooring business. She told me that tax reform has impacted her company in many important ways. The first is that, with more money in their pockets, her customers feel more optimistic. They are more willing to make purchases that for years before they had been putting off. The second is that Claudia is using her tax savings to hire more employees and buy expensive equipment that pre-viously the company could not afford. The third way the changes are help-ing Claudia is that she is able to sleep a little more soundly at night. In years past, one thing that kept her up was the rising cost of health insurance. Be-cause of the size of her business, Clau-dia has never been required to provide it, but since she considers her cowork-ers to be family, health insurance is something she felt obligated to offer. When she did her annual budgeting each year, health insurance was often on the chopping block—something she just couldn’t afford. Up until the very last minute, Claudia was never quite sure whether she would be able to keep offering it. Now, thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, she feels more con-fident in her ability to provide not only health insurance for the foreseeable fu-ture but other new employee benefits as well. Claudia’s is a great story—not be-cause it is unique but because it is typ-ical of the sort of response I have heard across my State when it comes to the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Although I am very glad that last fall we were able to pass the first major overhaul of the Tax Code in more than 30 years, now is not the time to let up. We can’t stop fighting for taxpayers like Claudia. In fact, today I am re-introducing the Small Business Tax-payer Bill of Rights Act, legislation that reduces redtape for taxpayers and allows small businesses to spend more time growing and creating jobs and less time dealing with burdensome IRS pro-cedures and improper targeting prac-tices. I am proud to have my colleague, the senior Senator from Nevada, as my original cosponsor. In some ways, it is a complement to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This year, research has shown, tax-payers will spend more than 8 billion hours completing IRS forms, costing almost $200 billion in cumulative mon-etized costs. That is a 14-percent in-crease from 2017. This legislation will hopefully improve that situation. It will notably lower the compliance bur-den, strengthen taxpayer protections, and ensure that small businesses are not unfairly targeted with unjustified levels of scrutiny by the IRS. For ex-ample, the bill makes it a fireable of-fense for an IRS employee to use audit-ing methodologies based in whole or in part on the political or ideological views of a taxpaying individual or enti-ty. The bill also allows more small businesses to petition for attorney’s fees when a court determines that the IRS’s legal actions weren’t substan-tially justified. I hope we can act on this legislation soon. To all of my fellow Texans, happy tax day. Just remember: Today, it is out with the old and in with the new. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the nomi-nation of Carlos Muniz to be the gen-eral counsel at the Department of Edu-cation. One of the most important re-sponsibilities that the Department of Education has is to uphold title IX and fight back against gender discrimina-tion in all its forms. This is an enor-mous responsibility, but it is also an urgent one. Thousands of men and women have survived sexual assaults on college campuses, and they are demanding that the Education Department and their universities take these crimes se-riously. But over the last year, we have heard over and over again that Sec-retary DeVos has let down these sur-vivors. Instead of working to uphold and even strengthen title IX, she has used her position to weaken title IX. We should not be arming her with more staff who are determined to carry out that plan, but that is what Mr. Muniz will do if he is confirmed. Mr. Muniz’s nomination sends a cyn-ical message to survivors of campus sexual assault all over our country— that the Education Department is not taking survivors seriously and that they are not interested in protecting a law that is supposed to keep our stu-dents safe. If this nominee is confirmed, I have no doubt that he is going to accelerate Secretary DeVos’s attack on title IX. This is an insult to the thousands of students who have suffered through sexual assaults on their college cam-puses. Mr. Muniz has spent his career on the wrong side of this issue, and he has made it clear through his actions that he does not respect the important role title IX actually plays in pro-tecting our students and keeping our campuses safe. The general counsel of the Education Department should work to uphold and strengthen our anti-discrimination laws, but I fear this nominee is going to do the exact opposite. I urge all of my colleagues to do what is best for our students and join me in opposing this nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, if applicable, at 1 p.m. on Wednesday, April 18, the Sen-ate resume consideration of the Muniz nomination, with 1 hour of debate re-maining, equally divided between Sen-ator GILLIBRAND or her designee and Senator A
LEXANDER or his designee, on the nomination; further, that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the nomination as under the previous order; finally, that the Senate now proceed to legislative session for a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now proceed to legislative ses-sion for a period of morning business. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, for the information of our colleagues, I know the leader plans to make a motion to proceed to S.J. Res. 57, the auto lend-ing CRA, at 2:15 p.m., and we will have a rollcall vote on that motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to com-plete my remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I rise today on tax day to recognize this as the very last time Americans will have to file their taxes under the com-plicated, burdensome, outdated system of the past. Today, we officially kick off a new tax code—one that is simpler, fairer, and allows hard-working Ameri-cans to keep more of their hard-earned money. Since we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act last December, success stories have poured into my office from Indi-ana businesses that are paying their workers more and from constituents who are earning more. Tax reform has provided needed relief across Indiana and across the entire country. To date, we have found scores of com-panies in my home State of Indiana that have invested in their employees, invested in capital improvements, or lowered energy rates for consumers. They range in size from large compa-nies, such as Walmart and AT&T, to smaller Indiana businesses, such as Family Express, which has 70 conven-ience stores across the State and is building 10 more and increasing its starting wage. ‘‘We feel obligated to pass on a significant portion of the tax savings to our staff,’’ said Family Ex-press president and CEO Gus Olympidis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Apr 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.012 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2200 April 17, 2018 
My guest to this year’s State of the Union Address was another beneficiary of this historic tax overhaul. Chelsee Hatfield is a young mother of three children and a teller at a rural branch of First Farmers Bank & Trust in Tip-ton, IN. Chelsee received a raise and a bonus as a result of this tax reform ef-fort. This additional income will help Chelsee go back to school to earn her associate’s degree. It will enable her to put money away for her children’s fu-ture college education. Chelsee rep-resents so many Americans who work in small towns and who live in our rural communities and are going to get a fair shot because of the benefits from tax reform. The tax reform success stories don’t stop there. NIPSCO, or the Northern Indiana Public Service Company, is an electric utility company in Merrillville, IN. It is passing on $26 million in new savings to its cus-tomers. Andy Mark, a mechanical and electrical parts supplier in Kokomo, is hiring more employees. Muncie Avia-tion Company is providing tax reform bonuses for all of its employees. One Hoosier, who lives in Cedar Lake, IN, is growing his third-generation milk- hauling business, and another, who lives in Southern Indiana and works for U-Haul in Louisville, used his $500 tax bonus to pay a bill. These bonuses and raises are allowing more Hoosiers to save for a rainy day, to put more money away towards their child’s edu-cation, to make repairs to their home, and to keep food on the table. It is worth noting that when we were debating tax reform, I listened care-fully to feedback from my constituents across Indiana. I spent a lot of time traveling the State, holding roundtables, visiting businesses, and talking to folks on the street. I am glad to say that Hoosier voices were heard, and they are receiving the tax relief they asked for. I look forward to continue hearing Hoosiers’ tax reform stories, and, like the rest of America, I look forward to this being the last day of the old, outdated tax system. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:30 p.m, recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. B
LUNT ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY BUREAU OF CON-SUMER FINANCIAL PROTEC-TION—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to S.J. Res. 57. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 378, S.J. Res. 57, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 75 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Duckworth McCain Tillis 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY BUREAU OF CON-SUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 57) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise today to offer my support for Senator M
ORAN and Senator T OOMEY ’s resolu-tion using the Congressional Review Act to disapprove of the CFPB’s 2013 auto finance guidance. It is important that Congress dis-approve this guidance because it was an attempt by the CFPB to make sub-stantive policy changes through guid-ance rather than through the rule-making process governed by the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act. It was also an attempt to regulate auto dealers who were explicitly exempted from the CFPB’s supervision and regulation under the Dodd-Frank Act. According to an internal CFPB memo, the CFPB rejected developing a rule using its statutory authority to regulate unfair, deceptive, and abusive acts and practices because ‘‘the poten-tially unfair, deceptive, or abusive ac-tions are ostensibly those of dealers, over whom we have no regulatory au-thority.’’ As the Wall Street Journal editorial board noted, ‘‘That didn’t stop former CFPB chief Richard Cordray, who used the back door of auto-financing to reg-ulate dealers.’’ Make no mistake—the CFPB’s deci-sion to develop guidance instead of a rule was intentional. At Senator T
OOMEY ’s request, the Government Ac-countability Office evaluated the bul-letin to see if it should have been sub-mitted to Congress as required by the Congressional Review Act. The GAO concluded: 
The Bulletin is a general statement of pol-icy designed to assist indirect auto lenders to ensure that they are operating in compli-ance with ECOA and Regulation B, as ap-plied to dealer markup and compensation practices. As such, it is a rule subject to the requirements of the CRA. 
Plainly, the CFPB failed to follow the law by failing to submit the bul-letin to Congress. Furthermore, issuing guidance instead of formulating a rule allowed the CFPB to sidestep impor-tant aspects of the administrative rule-making process that provide for ac-countability, transparency, and thor-ough evaluation. Federal agency rules are governed by the Administrative Procedure Act, which generally requires an agency to publish a notice of a rulemaking, take comments from the public, and estab-lish an effective date for a rule. Notice and comment is a vital step in the process because it gives individuals and businesses subject to rulemakings the opportunity to provide feedback on the practical effect of a rule’s implementa-tion, and it allows an agency to adjust the rule as necessary to avoid any undue consumer harm. In contrast, bulletins generally do not afford the public an opportunity to lend their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.013 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2201 April 17, 2018 
voice to the process and have histori-cally been used by Federal agencies to simply restate existing law to aid cov-ered companies’ compliance. The CFPB’s indirect auto bulletin represents a departure from typical Federal agency practice, as reflected in the GAO’s conclusion that it is a rule subject to CRA requirements. Without the opportunity for public comment and the ability for the bul-letin to be revised to avoid any unin-tended consequences, auto dealers’ in-centive to act as an intermediary has been greatly diminished. As a result, consumers will be inconvenienced and have fewer and more expensive financ-ing options when shopping for a vehi-cle. Some people opposed to this resolu-tion are concerned about what this means for regulatory guidance more generally. I would note that almost all guidance issued by agencies may qual-ify as a rule under the Congressional Review Act and must be submitted to Congress for potential disapproval. The CRA’s definition of a rule includes, with some limited exceptions, ‘‘the whole or a part of an agency statement of general or particular applicability and future effect designed to imple-ment, interpret, or prescribe law or policy.’’ Explaining the Congressional Review Act’s definition of a rule, the GAO said: ‘‘This definition is broad, and includes both rules requiring notice and com-ment rulemaking and those that do not, such as general statements of pol-icy.’’ This particular bulletin, according to GAO, ‘‘advises the public prospectively of the manner in which the CFPB pro-poses to exercise its discretionary en-forcement power and fits squarely within the Supreme Court’s definition of a statement of policy.’’ Congress has the power to overturn any agency rule. Under the Congres-sional Review Act, Congress has the power to overturn agency rules using an expedited procedure. There is noth-ing special about guidance issued by the agencies that should cause people to be concerned, especially a rule masquerading as guidance. Article I grants Congress legislative power, and by disapproving this rule, we are ensur-ing that the CFPB cannot issue a rule that is substantially the same as the one it just tried to issue. There have also been questions raised regarding the flawed methodology the CFPB used in its supervisory and en-forcement activities based on this bul-letin to allege discriminatory auto loan pricing. In November 2015, the House Finan-cial Services Committee’s majority staff issued a report exploring the CFPB’s approach to enforcing the ECOA against indirect auto lenders. The report focuses on the controversial use of disparate impact theory and the CFPB’s use of a flawed statistical methodology, which only takes into ac-count an individual’s last name and ZIP Code in order to determine a prob-ability for race and ethnicity. This ap-proach is less reliable than other, more proven methodologies. A November 2014 study estimated that only 24 per-cent of African Americans and 50 per-cent of Asians were correctly identified using this methodology. In light of such significant concerns, the House introduced legislation in 2015 to nullify the effect of the bulletin and place guardrails around the develop-ment of any future indirect auto lend-ing guidance. That bill garnered sig-nificant bipartisan support, passing the House by a vote of 332 to 96, including 88 Democrats. This resolution has attracted sub-stantial support, as well, including from 12 different organizations in-volved with helping consumers buy a vehicle and an endorsement via a Statement of Administration Policy from the White House. For example, the chamber of com-merce notes that ‘‘internal documents [at the CFPB] demonstrate that even [CFPB] Bureau staff found the data and methodology intended to support the rule ‘unconvincing.’’’ The Independent Community Bank-ers of America notes that ‘‘since the issuance of the Bulletin, many commu-nity bankers have reported added dif-ficulty in meeting the varying bor-rowing needs of their customers based on confusing and overly-burdensome guidance.’’ The National Association of Auto Dealers notes that ‘‘extensive bipar-tisan congressional engagement has identified several reasons to disapprove the CFPB rule/guidance, including a lack of due process, concerns about the CFPB’s failure to adhere to Section 1029 of Dodd-Frank, and the negative impact on consumers and small busi-ness dealers.’’ The American Bankers Association said that ‘‘the regulatory and enforce-ment uncertainty caused by this Guid-ance has caused many banks to exit or to curtail their indirect auto lending, which limits consumer choice and in-creases the cost of credit.’’ The American Financial Services As-sociation said that ‘‘the guidance is harmful because it pressures vehicle fi-nance companies to limit consumers’ ability to receive discounted auto loans from dealers. Furthermore, the guid-ance threatens to raise credit costs and push marginally creditworthy con-sumers out of the vehicle financing market, and has the potential to harm the vehicle industry and its associated U.S. jobs.’’ Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the five letters I cited be printed in the R
ECORD , as well as a joint letter from the National Auto Dealers Association, the National RV Dealers Association, the American International Automobile Dealers, the Auto Alliance, the National Inde-pendent Automobile Dealers Associa-tion, the National Auto Auction Asso-ciation, the American Financial Serv-ices Association, the Recreational Ve-hicle Industry Association, and the Mo-torcycle Industry Council, all express-ing their strong support for S.J. Res. 57. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
AMERICAN FINANCIAL  S
ERVICES ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, April 13, 2018. D
EAR SENATOR : The American Financial Services Association (AFSA) writes to ex-press our strong support for S.J. Res. 57, which would rescind the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) 2013 vehicle fi-nance guidance. The guidance is harmful to American consumers and businesses, and the CFPB acted without accountability in its issuance of the guidance. The guidance is harmful because it pres-sures vehicle finance companies to limit con-sumers’ ability to receive discounted auto loans from dealers. Furthermore, the guid-ance threatens to raise credit costs and push marginally creditworthy consumers out of the vehicle financing market, and has the potential to harm the vehicle industry and its associated U.S. jobs. The Bureau issued the guidance without any public comment, consultation with CFPB’s sister agencies, or transparency. The CFPB issued the policy, which directed fun-damental market changes, without a trans-parent rulemaking process to assess the im-pact on consumers. In the 114th Congress, the House over-whelming approved H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reform-ing CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act,’’ a bill rejecting the vehicle finance guidance similar to S.J. Res 57. The legisla-tion passed the House by a bipartisan vote of 332–96, including 88 Democrats. S.J. Res. 57 is a narrow resolution that pre-serves fair lending protections. It does not hinder enforcement of fair lending laws or regulations, which AFSA and its members strongly support. In fact, even the House Fi-nancial Services Committee minority report accompanying H.R. 1737 stated that, ‘‘H.R. 1737 does not alter regulated entities’ obliga-tions under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) or the CFPB’s examination or enforcement activity pursuant to ECOA.’’ Proponents of S.J. Res. 57 take fair credit laws very seriously, and the resolution pro-tects these laws and their enforcement to safeguard equal opportunity in vehicle fi-nancing. Please lend your support S.J. Res. 57, both as a cosponsor and an affirmative vote on the Senate floor. If you need more informa-tion, please contact me. Sincerely, B
ILLHIMPLER , Executive Vice President, American Financial Services Association. 
NATIONAL AUTOMOTIVE  D
EALERS ASSOCIATION , Tysons, VA, April 13, 2018. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR LEADER MCCONNELL AND LEADER  S
CHUMER : On behalf of America’s 16,500 fran-chised new car and truck dealers and the 1.1 million people they employ, I am writing in strong support of S.J. Res. 57, a joint resolu-tion providing for Congressional disapproval of the rule by the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau (CFPB) relating to indirect auto lending. Despite Congress exempting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.016 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2202 April 17, 2018 
most auto dealers from the CFPB’s jurisdic-tion under Section 1029 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act, the CFPB’s rule, issued as ‘‘guid-ance,’’ operates to reduce market competi-tion and take away a consumer’s ability to receive a discounted auto loan in the show-room. Access to affordable credit is essential to consumers, and the ability of a dealer to discount credit is often necessary to meet auto buyers’ needs. S.J. Res. 57 is a narrowly-tailored joint resolution that does not amend or change any fair credit law or regulation or impair their enforcement. The legislation is a meas-ured response to the CFPB’s attempt to reg-ulate the $1.1 trillion auto financing market, avoid congressional scrutiny by issuing ‘‘guidance,’’ and impose a new policy with-out necessary procedural safeguards. Congress has considered this issue thor-oughly during the past several years through oversight and legislative action. The Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Com-mittee raised the matter during two CFPB oversight hearings. Moreover, by an over-whelmingly bipartisan vote of 332–96, includ-ing 88 Democrats, in 2015 the House passed H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act,’’ which would have rescinded the CFPB auto finance guid-ance. The extensive bipartisan congressional en-gagement has identified several reasons to disapprove the CFPB rule/guidance, includ-ing a lack of due process, concerns about the CFPB’s failure to adhere to Section 1029 of Dodd-Frank, and the negative impact on consumers and small business dealers. In particular: The rule/guidance was issued without any prior notice, opportunity for public com-ment, or consultation with the federal agen-cies Congress authorized to regulate dealers. Indirect auto lenders were pressured by the rule/guidance to eliminate a consumer’s abil-ity to receive a discount on auto credit by a dealer, which would have fundamentally al-tered the entire auto finance market. This new policy would have limited market com-petition, raised credit costs for auto buyers, and thereby pushed some marginally credit-worthy borrowers out of the credit market. The CFPB admitted to the Senate that it did not analyze the impact of the rule/guidance on consumers. Despite Congress’ clear determination in Dodd-Frank to place regulatory oversight of auto retailers with the Federal Reserve Board, Federal Trade Commission and De-partment of Justice (DOJ), the rule/guidance assumed the CFPB could unilaterally assert jurisdiction over dealer discounts and the manner of dealer compensation for auto credit. The rule/guidance was based on a flawed method for identifying the background of consumers that relied solely on a borrower’s zip code and last name. A non-partisan study of the CFPB’s policy found a 41 percent error rate for classifying the background of a sig-nificant group of consumers, and even the CFPB’s own review revealed a 20 percent error rate for the same group. (This non-par-tisan study was never rebutted by the CFPB.) The rule/guidance failed to account for le-gitimate business factors that can affect fi-nance rates (such as discounting a rate due to the presence of a competing offer or to ac-commodate a consumer’s monthly budget constraint) to ensure that borrowers being compared are similarly situated. The auto industry takes fair credit laws very seriously and strongly condemns dis-crimination. In furtherance of this commit-ment, NADA, joined by the other national dealer associations, developed and continues to promote a voluntary fair-credit compli-ance program, based on an effective DOJ model that preserves consumer discounts on credit for legitimate business reasons. Unfor-tunately, the CFPB, refusing to work with the Federal regulators that have jurisdiction over dealers, failed to adopt the DOJ-based fair credit alternative as an appropriate method to mitigate fair credit risks in indi-rect auto lending. Enactment of S.J. Res. 57 is important to keep auto loans affordable and accessible for consumers. America’s franchised auto deal-ers urge a ‘‘Yes’’ vote on S.J. Res. 57 should it be considered by the Senate. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, P
ETER K. W ELCH , President and CEO. 
AMERICAN BANKERS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  M
INORITY LEADER SCHUMER : On behalf of the members of the American Bankers Associa-tion (ABA), I write to express our support for S. J. Res. 57, a resolution to disapprove BCFP Bulletin No. 2013–02, ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’ (Bulletin). According to the statements of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (Bureau) at the time of issue, the Bulletin was to pro-vide lenders with fair lending compliance ‘‘guidance’’ in situations when lenders per-mit automobile dealers flexibility to set automobile loan interest rates. In practice, however, the Bulletin was applied as far more than guidance, asserting with regu-latory effect, highly controversial legal theories and methodologies to allege that banks and finance companies that purchase motor vehicle installment sales contracts may be liable under the Equal Credit Oppor-tunity Act (ECOA) for purported, but undemonstrated racial disparities in the in-terest rates that the automobile dealers charged consumers. ABA strongly believes that every auto-mobile customer deserves to be treated fair-ly, and that there is no room for illegal dis-crimination of any kind in automobile fi-nancing. However, the Bulletin was issued without the opportunity for public comment on its legal underpinnings, critical review of its assumption and bases, and its impact on consumer access to convenient and afford-able credit. The regulatory and enforcement uncer-tainty caused by this Guidance has caused many banks to exit or curtail their indirect auto lending, which limits consumer choice and increases the cost of credit. ABA urges the Senate to adopt S.J. Res. 57. Sincerely, J
AMES C. B ALLENTINE . 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE  
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. T
OMEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES SEN-
ATE: The U.S. Chamber of Commerce urges you to support S.J. Res. 57, a Congressional Review Act resolution to undo the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’s action on indirect auto lending. The Chamber will con-sider including votes on, or in relation to, S.J. Res. 57 in our How They Voted score-card. In 2013, the Bureau issued a ‘‘Bulletin’’ that imposed new requirements under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) to ad-dress purported discrimination. The Bulletin established that indirect lenders—firms that are never face-to-face with borrowers and only purchase contracts after-the-fact from auto dealers—could be liable for discrimina-tion. The Chamber abhors discrimination in all its forms, including in the financial service and auto lending sectors. However, the Bureau provided little con-crete evidence of problems that the Bulletin was intended to address. In fact, internal documents demonstrate that even Bureau staff found the data and methodology in-tended to support the rule ‘‘unconvincing.’’ We thank Senator Moran and Senator Toomey for their leadership to resolve this overreach by the Bureau and for engaging the Government Accountability Office (GAO), which determined on December 5, 2017, that the Bulletin is in fact a ‘‘rule’’ for purposes of the Congressional Review Act. Moreover, we applaud the work of the House Financial Services Committee, which released three reports on the topic. The Chamber believes the Bureau—like all other federal agencies—should follow the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act when issuing guidance and promulgating regulations. Agency actions should be based on clear leg-islative authority, solid data, and proper public input. That is why the Chamber strongly supports the Portman-Heitkamp ‘‘Regulatory Accountability Act,’’ which would modernize the rulemaking and guid-ance processes for the first time since 1946. The Chamber urges you to reject the Bu-reau’s Bulletin and to support S.J. Res. 57. Sincerely, JACKHOWARD , Senior Vice President, Congressional and Public Affairs. 
INDEPENDENT COMMUNITY  B
ANKERS OF AMERICAN®, Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES E. S CHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  M
INORITY LEADER SCHUMER : On behalf of the nearly 5,700 community banks represented by ICBA, I write today to urge all members of the Senate to support S.J. Res. 57, a joint resolution under the Congressional Review Act (CRA) introduced by Sen. Jerry Moran (R–Kan.) to overturn the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) 2013 auto fi-nance guidance set forth in CFPB Bulletin 2013–02, titled ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Oppor-tunity’’ (Bulletin). S.J. Res. 57 follows the U.S. Government Accountability Office’s (GAO’s) determina-tion that the ‘‘guidance’’ outlined in the Bul-letin is a ‘‘rule’’ subject to CRA. Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) requested that GAO deter-mine whether the Bulletin was subject to CRA. Since the issuance of the Bulletin, many community bankers have reported added difficulty in meeting the varying bor-rowing needs of their customers based on confusing and overly-burdensome guidance. For this reason, ICBA supports this effort to overturn this harmful guidance administered by the CFPB. ICBA and America’s community banks thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, C
AMDEN R. F INE, President & CEO. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.002 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2203 April 17, 2018 
NADA, A UTO ALLIANCE , AMERICAN  F
INANCIAL SERVICES ASSOCIATION , T
HENATIONAL RV D EALERS ASSO-
CIATION , N ATIONAL INDEPENDENT  A
UTOMOTIVE DEALERS ASSOCIA -
TION, RECREATION VEHICLE INDUS -
TRY ASSOCIATION , A MERICAN  I
NTERNATIONAL AUTOMOTIVE  D
EALERS , N ATIONAL AUTO AUC-
TION ASSOCIATION , M OTORCYCLE  I
NDUSTRY COUNCIL . April 16, 2018. D
EARSENATOR : We, the undersigned orga-nizations which represent businesses that make, sell, finance, auction and service vehi-cles are writing to express our strong sup-port for S.J. Res. 57, a joint resolution to dis-approve the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) 2013 auto finance guidance. The CFPB guidance pressures indirect auto lenders to limit a consumer’s ability to re-ceive a discounted auto loan from a dealer, resulting in less competition, higher financ-ing rates, and loss of credit access for many vehicle buyers. Access to affordable credit, including a dealer’s ability to discount credit, is essen-tial to meet the transportation needs of our customers. Since more than 80 percent of ve-hicle purchases are financed, adequate retail credit is vital to facilitate vehicle sales. The current system benefits consumers as deal-ers’ access to multiple lending institutions frequently allows dealers to help consumers, including the marginally credit worthy who often have limited options, secure financing at competitive interest rates. The CFPB auto lending policy, issued through a guidance, directed fundamental market changes without a transparent rule-making process to assess the impact on con-sumers. This guidance was issued without any public comment, consultation with CFPB’s sister agencies (including those that Congress authorized to regulate auto deal-ers), or transparency. Indeed, by the CFPB’s own admission, the agency did not study the impact of its guidance on consumers. This controversial guidance also enabled the agency to skirt Congress’ express prohi-bition on its exercise of authority over auto, recreational vehicle, and motorcycle retail-ers engaged in indirect lending, (Sec. 1029(a) of Dodd-Frank). Under the Dodd-Frank law dealers continue to be regulated by that Fed-eral Reserve Board, Federal Trade Commis-sion and Department of Justice, as well as rigorous state laws and regulations. The auto industry takes fair credit laws extremely seriously and has proactively pro-moted a comprehensive compliance program to enhance fair credit lending. Under the De-partment of Justice (DOJ) modeled program, a dealer can reduce the consumer’s APR by documenting one of seven ‘‘legitimate busi-ness reasons’’ identified by the DOJ as a le-gitimate reason for a dealer to discount credit. Legitimate business reasons include ‘‘meeting or beating’’ a competitive offer that is available to the customer from an-other dealer or lender. Preserving this vigor-ously competitive market for vehicle financ-ing lowers the cost of auto credit for con-sumers across the board. When Congress cre-ated the CFPB, surely it did not intend the agency to use its power to stop vehicle re-tailers from offering consumers discounts. In a rejection of the auto finance guidance, last Congress the House overwhelming ap-proved a bill similar to S.J. Res. 57, H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Fi-nancing Guidance Act.’’ H.R. 1737, which would have rescinded the guidance, passed by a bipartisan vote of 332-96, including 88 Democrats (November 18, 2015). Despite the House’s overwhelmingly bipar-tisan approval of the legislation and addi-tional bipartisan efforts in the Senate to seek a resolution on this issue, the CFPB rebuffed extensive industry efforts to work together to fashion a solution that would preserve discounted auto loans by dealers within the parameters of the DOJ-based model. In addition, the CFPB continued to pressure finance sources to limit a dealer’s ability to discount credit based on a deeply flawed method for measuring lender compli-ance with fair lending laws. S.J. Res. 57 is narrow and purely a process resolution that preserves fair lending protec-tions and does not hinder enforcement of fair lending laws or regulations. In fact, even the House Financial Services Committee minor-ity report accompanying H.R. 1737 stated that ‘‘H.R. 1737 does not alter regulated enti-ties’ obligations under the Equal Credit Op-portunity Act (ECOA) or the CFPB’s exam-ination or enforcement activity pursuant to ECOA.’’ Proponents of S.J. Res. 57 take fair credit laws very seriously, and this joint res-olution protects these laws and their en-forcement to safeguard equal opportunity in vehicle financing. Senators should disapprove the auto fi-nance guidance that operates to eliminate dealer discounts, threatens to raise credit costs and push marginally creditworthy con-sumers out of the vehicle financing market, and harms the vehicle industry and its asso-ciated U.S. jobs. Vehicle sales play an impor-tant role in the economy, as they constitute almost 20 percent of all retail spending in the U.S. Nationwide the vehicle industry provides jobs for more than 7 million work-ers and their families. It is in the best inter-est of consumers, dealers, and vehicle manu-facturers to keep vehicle financing competi-tive and affordable. Keeping auto financing competitive and af-fordable is not only warranted, it is essential for the vehicle industry and its customers. That is why similar legislation easily passed the House, and why the Senate should pass S.J. Res. 57. 
Mr. CRAPO. Finally, President Trump’s Statement of Administration Policy also endorses this resolution. I am going to read a few highlights from the statement. 
This bulletin limits the ability of auto dealers to offer auto loans to their customers and was not issued pursuant to notice-and- comment rulemaking. As a result, the CFPB failed to allow the public to comment before it made significant changes to an important sector of the economy. Dodd-Frank explic-itly excludes the regulation of auto dealers from the CFPB’s jurisdiction. Disapproving this bulletin, therefore, would provide con-sumers with more options for auto financing while ensuring that the CFPB abides by con-gressional limits on its jurisdiction. 
This rule should be disapproved, and any future action on the matter should go through the appropriate rulemaking process established by Congress. If this rule stands, banks, credit unions, and finance companies holding nearly $1.1 trillion in outstanding loans will need-lessly face significant liability, and the ability of auto dealers to play a valu-able role by matching buyers and lend-ers will be diminished. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I am here to lend my support to a measure that I have had the honor of working on with the Senator from Pennsyl-vania, Mr. TOOMEY , and I have worked side by side with the chairman of the Banking Committee—of which I am a member—the Senator from Idaho, Mr. C
RAPO . I very much appreciate the leadership that both of those individ-uals and my other colleagues have pro-vided over a long period of time on this issue. Dodd-Frank was passed as a result of the concerns that many had across the country and here in the Congress re-garding the financial challenges that our Nation faced resulting from mort-gages that were sold. It really was a Wall Street crisis that, in so many ways, became challenging for Main Street, with Main Street having the consequence of having the difficulties presented to them based upon what happened on Wall Street, and in so many instances, consumers ended up paying the price. But as we tried to correct the problem when Dodd-Frank was passed, it got way beyond the cul-prits—those who were culpable for cre-ating the financial crisis in our Na-tion—and began to penalize those who had nothing to do with them. One of the creatures of the passage of Dodd-Frank was the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau, and one of the aspects of the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau was their effort to regu-late indirect auto lending. I think the chairman, the Senator from Idaho, did a great job of explain-ing this resolution. Today, we have the authority to reject the decision that was made by the Consumer Financial Protect Bureau, and I hope my col-leagues will join me in doing so. I have introduced this resolution to accom-plish that. Senator T
OOMEY has made clear by his efforts that this guidance that was issued by the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau is subject to a CRA, and that is our mission today—to accom-plish the passage of that CRA. While the chairman was speaking, I jotted down perhaps four or five points that I would like to make to my col-leagues. One is that those who lend money to someone buying an auto-mobile had nothing to do with the fi-nancial collapse that occurred as a re-sult of the mortgage crisis in 2007 and 2008. I think Republicans probably made a mistake—I could take out the political word ‘‘probably.’’ Republicans made a mistake in saying ‘‘We are going to re-peal Dodd-Frank,’’ and Democrats re-sponded by saying ‘‘You are never going to touch Dodd-Frank.’’ As a re-sult, since 2008, we have been unable to correct, in a bipartisan way, the prob-lems that many of us saw with Dodd- Frank. There are those who say ‘‘We are going to get rid of the entire thing,’’ and those who say ‘‘You can’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.004 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2204 April 17, 2018 
touch it.’’ Therefore, the consumers— the citizens of this country—have struggled and been damaged by the consequences of Dodd-Frank. Today we are dealing with a specific provision, and that is the indirect automobile lending—a circumstance in which financing is arranged by some-one who sells an automobile in their business to make the deal work for the consumer who wants to buy the auto-mobile. I would outline these five points: First of all, this ought to be a rel-atively easy decision because auto-mobile dealers are specifically ex-cluded from the provisions of Dodd- Frank. So, in my view, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau had to work its magic to try to find a way to regulate the financing of automobiles that were arranged for by the auto-mobile dealer in contravention to the law which says that automobile dealers are not covered by it. I was not in the Senate at the time this amendment was offered. It was of-fered here in the U.S. Senate by my predecessor, Senator Brownback, and adopted as a provision in Dodd-Frank. It is very specific. I just read the language of the ex-emption, the exclusion, before I came on the Senate floor. Again, it says that automobile dealers are excluded from the provisions of Dodd-Frank. Yet the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau found a way to get around direct law and, in that sense, the intent of the U.S. Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives when they passed Dodd- Frank. So just on its face, we ought to decide that the CRA is worth sup-porting because we are really reaffirm-ing the decision that was made when Dodd-Frank was passed. Second, the process the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau used—they didn’t draft a rule and go through the rulemaking process, and they didn’t put anything out for comment by the industry that would be affected or by the consumers who may pay more as a result of the passage or the enactment of this guidance. But they created something that regulatory bodies often do and tried to provide—the word is ‘‘guidance.’’ What they say they are doing is providing direction, without passing a rule, to those who might be affected by the rule, but as a result of just using guidance, no input was solic-ited, no input therefore could be given, and the Administrative Procedure Act was avoided. I remember the Director of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau was in front of the Banking Committee when he was asked: How can this be? His answer was simply: This is guid-ance, and the Administrative Proce-dure Act doesn’t apply. Yet, as we have seen, the GAO has recently concluded that this is the same outcome, the same result as rulemaking would be and therefore subject to the CRA. What that highlights for me is, in two instances already, the CFPB finagled and created a way to get to an outcome they wanted without fol-lowing, in this case, the Administra-tive Procedure Act and, secondly, in violation of the statutory prohibition against having anything to do with automobile dealers. So for those two reasons, we ought to be opposed to the guidance that was directed to the auto-mobile dealers and those who lend money at the direction of those auto-mobile dealers. The third item I would raise is what this guidance is designed to do is to prevent discrimination. What they claimed they were doing was to make certain that interest rates do not differ based upon a person’s race. If that were the desired outcome, I would have no qualms. But because you can’t ask a person’s race, there is no way to know. So what the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau did was to create a computer program, an algorithm, in which they guessed what a person’s race was based upon their last name— how it sounds—and, secondly, on their ZIP Code. Never was the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau able to pro-vide the evidence that anyone had been discriminated against, only that if you use a computer program and run a bunch of numbers through it, the algo-rithm, based upon what a person’s name sounds like—which I guess, in my mind, is discrimination in and of itself—and, secondly, the ZIP Code— perhaps the same thing could be said about that—determine what race a per-son is or was. So the methods by which the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau de-termined discrimination were flawed. In fact, a bipartisan report indicated that 41 percent of the determinations were inaccurate, so not quite half of every time the algorithm guessed what the race of a borrower was, it was wrong. Yet that apparently was suffi-cient for the CFPB to believe they had a basis to determine whether someone was discriminated against. I can’t imagine that many Americans would find it comforting to know that only a computer program determines what somebody believes their race is, again, based upon a hypothetical and not upon actual facts. Again, the method by which the guid-ance was used to determine discrimina-tion was significantly flawed and a process in which I can’t believe many Americans would find comfort. What I would say, finally, is that elimination of the guidance—passage of the CRA today—would not do any-thing to change the prohibition against discrimination. It is not that if the CRA is adopted that discrimination now becomes legal; in fact, we all can agree that discrimination has no place in our society or in our economy. But the absence of this CFPB guidance does not make discrimination legal. It does not amend or modify the Equal Credit Opportunity Act nor does it change regulation B, which allows for enforce-ment of that act. What we are trying to do is correct the mistakes by the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau under Dodd- Frank, which says that you can’t deal with automobile dealers, correct the problems that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau created by using an algorithm to determine discrimination, and at the same time, not do anything to change the prohibition, the ille-gality of discriminating against a per-son based upon that person’s race. Also, I think we can easily make the case that this kind of guidance, this ef-fort by the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau, causes damage to the con-sumer, who therefore will not get the benefit of an appropriate rate of inter-est because of the fear of this guidance, which then, ultimately, results in just a standard interest rate for everyone. Today we have the opportunity to correct a problem that was created in contravention of a law that used a flawed method to determine whether a person was discriminated against and to improve the circumstances that con-sumers face at a time in which every dime matters, so we should see im-provement in the opportunities for peo-ple to borrow money and to buy an automobile for the benefit of them-selves and their families. I hope that my colleagues will join me, as they did on the motion to pro-ceed, and that this CRA will be adopted over the next day or so. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the motion. This is my second day in a row being on the oppo-site side of my friend Senator M
ORAN  and Senator C
RAPO , too, for that mat-ter, but you have to do what you have to do. Over the last year and a half, as we have seen time after time after time, Republicans in this Congress have made it pretty clear to the American people whose side they are on. They have used the Congressional Review Act—something nobody at home really knows about and something most of us didn’t know anything about until we began to see at the White House these executive retreats every weekend for Wall Street executives. They have used the Congressional Review Act more than any other Congress in history to give handouts to big corporations at the expense of ordinary Americans. It is not enough for Republican legis-lators to go to Senator M
CCONNELL ’s office down the hall and cut deals giv-ing tax cuts to the richest people in the country and giving tax breaks to Gen-eral Motors, which promised that if tax cuts were given to the largest corpora-tions in America, they were going to raise wages and hire more people. Well, GM just announced—to its ev-erlasting discredit—hundreds of layoffs at its Lordstown plant near Youngs-town, OH. Hundreds and hundreds of people were laid off, perhaps perma-nently. We don’t know, but the signs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.018 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2205 April 17, 2018 
aren’t good. At the same time, General Motors in Toledo, because they make the transmissions for the Chevy Cruze in Youngstown, are laying people off. And then the Ohio Turnpike from To-ledo to Youngstown, this long Ohio turnpike—one of the centers of the American auto industry—we will prob-ably see layoffs in the supply chain. Even though they got a huge tax cut, written in the office down the hall, in Majority Leader M
CCONNELL ’s office— they got a huge tax cut and lots of money in their pockets. What do they do? They mostly do corporate buybacks and stock buybacks. They share this money with their biggest stockholders. So that is what happened with the tax cut. Now they are giving another handout to a big corporation at the ex-pense of Americans. It is bad enough that we are considering this Congres-sional Review Act piece of legislation. We are considering a bill that would tell Wall Street banks and shady lend-ers that it is OK to discriminate against borrowers. Somebody who looks like me can go to a car dealership and get a loan when they decide they are going to buy a Chevy Cruze. My wife and I have each bought a Chevy Cruze. I am going to go finance a Chevy Cruze, and I get a cer-tain interest rate. We have seen data that shows that if somebody looks a little different from me—if they are Af-rican American, Latina, Asian Amer-ican, or Pacific Islanders—they pay a higher interest rate. We know that is what the data says. But this body— from the last vote, it is pretty clear— they say that is all right, that if the dealer wants to charge higher interest rates to people of color, that is OK. So it is bad enough that we are say-ing today and this body is giving its stamp of approval saying that it is OK to discriminate and to charge higher interest rates to people of color. I have said this in the Banking Committee be-fore, and Senator C
RAPO has heard me say this many times: The ZIP Code where my wife and I live in Cleveland, OH, had more foreclosures than any ZIP Code in the United States of Amer-ica. There are reasons for that. Part of the reasons for that is who lives in my ZIP Code, mostly. But it is not just that which today’s legislation would do. It threatens thou-sands more protections for workers and families that are vulnerable to repeal by Congress. Republicans have used the Congres-sional Review Act to repeal important rules that would have given low-wage workers access to retirement plans. So here in the Senate, we talk about car-ing about workers, we talk about the dignity of work, and we talk about helping people save for the future, but one of the provisions of the Congres-sional Review Act would have given low-wage workers access to retirement plans, and this legislation takes it away. One of the other rules that were rolled back ensured that Federal con-tract employers had protections for their workers regardless of race, re-gardless of gender, regardless of sexual orientation. It ensured that women had the right to choose their own healthcare provider regardless of their form of insurance. The Congressional Review Act re-peals all of those rules. They repealed the rule that would have guaranteed customers the right to a day in court when they were ripped off by a bank like Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo has a whole rap sheet of ripping off their customers. But we in this body said: Well, you shouldn’t have done that, Mr. and Mrs. Wells Fargo, but we are going to let you do that on individual contracts. So if you are wronged by Wells Fargo or any of these other big financial in-stitutions, you don’t get a day in court, sorry. That is what this body did. It is the same with Equifax. We know what Equifax did. Equifax violated the privacy of pretty much half the people in North Dakota or Idaho or Ohio or in this whole country, but we said: That is OK, Equifax; just try not to do it again; and we let them off the hook. Fortunately, too much time has passed for Congress to use the Congres-sional Review Act to roll back other protections the last administration put in place, but they now want to open up a whole new idea. They want to use a legal loophole to interfere with poten-tially thousands more Federal deci-sions, potentially going back as far as 20 years. In order to clarify how laws work, Federal agencies—this is really in the weeds, but you know we have some pretty smart people here who figure out how to go in the weeds and find loopholes and exploit people and, frankly, hurt the little guy. Whether she works in construction or punches a time clock or works as a waitress in a diner in Garfield Heights, they find ways to screw the little guy. So here is how it works. Federal agencies issue guidance to help people understand how the law protects them and to help businesses understand how to follow the law. Just last week, some of these smart people—my Republican colleagues—at a hearing decried the practice of enforcing the law without providing guidance in advance. This week, though—this week—some of those same smart Republicans want to start nullifying agency guidance, which would completely up-end the Federal programs that families depend on. And this is an anti-business deci-sion, too, on their part. The businesses want the predictability, they want the certainty so they can follow the rules. Under this crazy new plan, some of these very smart Republicans—and at least one of them is on the Banking Committee—under this new plan, they can ban Federal agencies from explain-ing how States administer Federal health insurance programs, programs like the Children’s Health Insurance Program. They can undermine require-ments to make sure that federally funded projects pay the local pre-vailing wages. Today I went to breakfast with a number of iron workers and glaziers and laborers and electricians and pipe fitters and others who work with their hands and make a damn good living, with good benefits and good retirement for their families. You know what. They can use this newfound rule that these very smart Republican legisla-tors figured out how to exploit to un-dermine pay and beat back local pre-vailing wage laws. Republicans have used the Congres-sional Review Act to attack access to healthcare and worker and environ-mental protections. So it is no stretch. They have done it before. It is no stretch that they would do it again, only now there would be no limits on the types of agency actions they can target because they found this loophole and they can go back 20 years. The one we are working on today was handed down—this agency guidance was hand-ed down in 2013. So one of the first things Republicans want to do with this—they are just so excited with this new loophole—they found that they can go after people who don’t have good lobbyists in Wash-ington. They can go after people who won’t contribute to their campaign. They can go after people who, frankly, struggle every day just to make a liv-ing in this country. What is the first thing they do? They make car loans—it is clear what hap-pens. They make car loans more expen-sive for women and for people of color. The bill sends a message to lenders across the country that if you are le-gally discriminating, go ahead, we are not going to stop you. We created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to police Wall Street banks and other shady lenders who ripped off working families. Under its last Director, the Bureau returned $12 billion to 29 million Americans who had been ripped off by payday lenders and credit card companies and for-prof-it colleges. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau used to be a cop on the beat to protect consumers. We want a con-sumer bureau because we have the banks—$1 trillion, $2 trillion; Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo—these banks are trillion-dollar banks, some of them $2 trillion. So we have the banks here, and we have a lot of consumers who don’t have a union or any protection, and they sign these contracts for a loan or something, and they don’t really know what the fine print says. So that is why we have a consumer bureau—to protect those people. Twenty-nine million Americans have benefited from it just since its creation less than a decade ago, and they have saved $12 billion. It used to be a cop on the beat. It used to issue reports warn-ing consumers about industries that weren’t following the law. It brought 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.019 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2206 April 17, 2018 
tough enforcement actions. It identi-fied discriminatory lending practices in auto loans and home mortgages. We know discrimination is still a major problem for people of color who make the biggest investment of their lives: their house and their car—their house and their car, their two biggest investments, and you can legally dis-criminate in this country because of the way somebody looks. You can dis-criminate against them because of race, and now we are saying it is OK. Look at what has happened in this country because they said that. Just a few months ago, the Center for Inves-tigative Reporting released a report showing that redlining is still a prob-lem in big American cities to this day. The National Fair Housing Alliance conducted tests and demonstrated that people of color were systematically of-fered worse loan terms for cars than White borrowers with the exact same credit seeking to purchase the exact same vehicle. But instead of working to root out this discrimination—you would think that is what we would all do, Republicans and Democrats alike. Instead, we are making it easier for banks to turn customers away or to take advantage of them based on the color of their skin. This is 2018, for gosh sakes. Why would we still be doing that? This repeal could permanently weak-en Federal anti-discrimination laws. These laws have been the law of the land for decades. These are the laws that brave Americans fought for during the civil rights movement. Do you re-member when Congress passed the fair housing bill? The fair housing bill was passed a week after Dr. King’s assas-sination, 50 years ago last week. You would think we would want to strengthen it, not weaken it. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD letters from the scores of civil rights and consumer and environmental and other organizations that vehemently oppose this legisla-tion. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
APRIL 16, 2018. The undersigned organizations are strong-ly united in opposition to S.J. Resolution 57, sponsored by Sen. Moran (R–KS), which at-tempts to use the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to target regulatory actions by federal agencies that were issued well in the past and have been in effect for years or poten-tially even decades. We vigorously oppose any attempt by the Senate to subject the ‘‘Bulletin on Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Oppor-tunity Act’’—issued by the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau (CFPB) in 2013—to a vote under the CRA. Many of us oppose re-pealing this important guidance on sub-stantive grounds, but we join together today to focus instead on the procedural issue of using the CRA against a guidance that has been in place for years. We oppose such a vote, as it would con-travene the clear intent of the CRA to allow Congress to review and challenge recently fi-nalized agency actions. This would set a dan-gerous precedent that would open the door for Congress to stretch the CRA to challenge a wide variety of settled agency actions that have been in effect for years or decades, par-ticularly ‘‘guidance documents’’ that are not only crucial to protecting workers, con-sumers, minorities, the environment, and the economy but also to providing regu-latory certainty for businesses and the pub-lic. Using the CRA, rather than regular legis-lative order, to attack years-old established guidance would be an extraordinary and egregious abuse of normal process—exactly the kind of rigged action on behalf of narrow corporate insiders that so infuriates Ameri-cans of all political stripes. This Congress has already used the CRA in unprecedented fashion to repeal fourteen common-sense, carefully developed regula-tions that protect the public, including measures to protect internet privacy, wom-en’s health, retirement security, workplace safety, fair pay in the workplace, the envi-ronment and clean water, anti-corruption safeguards, and sensible gun control. Unlike the normal legislative process, the CRA is al-ready problematic legislation which gives Congress the ability to strike down regula-tions that protect the public on behalf of narrow special interests without any con-gressional hearings and virtually no floor de-bate. The appropriate response would be for Congress to revisit this flawed process rather than expand it to undermine policies that were finalized long ago. Applying the CRA to settled agency ac-tions from the past would violate the clear intent and spirit of the law. The legislative history of the CRA makes plain its purpose: ‘‘this legislation establishes a government wide congressional review mechanism for most new rules.’’ As a procedural matter, Congress could have, and more appropriately should have, reviewed the guidance at issue here back in 2013 when it was issued by the CFPB, requested a GAO opinion at that time to determine its eligibility under the CRA and potentially used the CRA to challenge such guidance shortly after its issuance in 2013. Indeed, Congress has made multiple GAO requests regarding the applicability of the CRA to guidance documents when the guidance was originally issued or shortly thereafter. Subjecting these actions to the CRA now would fly in the face of congres-sional intent and stretch the law in ways that were neither anticipated nor expected by those who voted for it. Moreover, it raises suspicions that this CRA challenge is being undertaken now, rather than following the issuance of the guidance in 2013, because there is a higher chance of success given the makeup of this Congress. Moreover, applying the CRA to long-estab-lished guidance would be, simply put, wrong-headed. Guidance documents are often spe-cifically requested by regulated entities and industry stakeholders in order to resolve un-certainties in the application of regulations to stakeholder business practices, including in the form of so-called ‘‘No Action Letters’’. Using the CRA to repeal guidance documents would imperil numerous past guidance docu-ments that were not submitted to Congress under the CRA, including many that were specifically requested by regulated entities or stakeholders. Congress should act with caution, if at all, in using the CRA on guid-ance documents, but applying the CRA to longstanding guidance would be misguided. Long-established guidance is not locked into place; when appropriate, it is a rel-atively simple matter for agencies to revise or repeal longstanding guidance. In fact, agencies have already begun the process of revising or repealing another guidance docu-ment that was the subject of a recent GAO opinion, the so-called ‘‘leveraged lending’’ guidance which ensures that big banks do not engage in risky lending practices that threaten the financial system, without any need for a CRA vote. Given the long and growing list of legisla-tive issues that need to be addressed by the Senate on an urgent and expedited basis, it is difficult to fathom why the Senate would choose to spend valuable floor time to repeal guidance under the CRA when such guidance could be effectively revisited, and if appro-priate, repealed by the agency that issued it in short order and with limited procedural requirements. By bringing this vote to the Senate floor, it sends a message to the public that Congress is more interested in giving narrow handouts to special interests rather than addressing the real issues that impact hard-working Americans and their families. We, the under-signed groups, strongly urge Senators to reject abusing the CRA to at-tack guidance documents that were issued years ago, and get back to solving real prob-lems on behalf of the American public. We strongly urge you to reject S.J. Resolution 57. Alaska Wilderness League, American Asso-ciation for Justice, American Bird Conser-vancy, American Federation of Teachers, American Sustainable Business Council, Americans for Financial Reform, Center for American Progress Action Fund, Center for Biological Diversity, Center for Progressive Reform, Center for Responsible Lending, Citizens’ Environmental Coalition, Clean Water Action, Coalition on Human Needs, Communications Workers of America (CWA), Conservation Lands Foundation, Consumer Action, Consumer Federation of America, Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice. EarthRights International, Endangered Species Coalition, Environmental Working Group, Family Equality Council, Food & Water Watch, Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility, International Corporate Ac-countability Roundtable, League of Con-servation Voters, NAACP, National Associa-tion of Consumer Advocates, National Asso-ciation of Social Workers, National Audubon Society, National Black Justice Coalition, National Center for Lesbian Rights, National Center for Transgender Equality, National Consumer Law Center (on behalf of its low income clients), National Employment Law Project, National Law Center on Homeless-ness & Poverty, National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund. National Organization for Women, Na-tional Women’s Law Center, Natural Re-sources Defense Council, Network for Envi-ronmental & Economic Responsibility of United Church of Christ, Northcoast Envi-ronmental Center, Progressive Congress Ac-tion Fund, Public Citizen, Publish What You Pay—US, Safe Alternatives for our Forest Environment, Soda Mountain Wilderness Council, South Umpqua Rural Community Partnership, Tennessee Citizen Action, Texas Appleseed, The Center for Auto Safe-ty, The Lands Council, The Wilderness Soci-ety, U.S. PIRG, Umpqua Watersheds, Inc., Union of Concerned Scientists, United Steel-workers, Western Environmental Law Cen-ter, WildEarth Guardians, Woodstock Insti-tute, and Young Invincibles. 
APRIL 16, 2018. Majority Leader M
CCONNELL , Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Minority Leader S
CHUMER , Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  M
INORITY LEADER SCHUMER : We, the under-signed civil rights and consumer advocacy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.021 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2207 April 17, 2018 
organizations, ask you to oppose S.J. Res. 57, the Congressional Review Act (CRA), intro-duced by Senator Jerry Moran (R–KS), in-tended to undo the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau’s (CFPB or Consumer Bu-reau) Indirect Auto Lending Guidance, pub-lished over five years ago. This resolution is the latest in a series of attempts to chill fed-eral efforts to end widespread unlawful dis-crimination. Discrimination in the auto lending market is well-documented and re-sults in people of color paying more for years to finance a car purchase. This CRA would also set the dangerous precedent of undoing long-standing federal agency guidance—an expansion of the use of the Congressional Re-view Act, and certainly beyond its original purpose of narrowly reviewing regulations soon after they were enacted. The Consumer Bureau’s 2013 indirect auto lending guidance put auto lenders on clear notice that the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) makes them liable for discrimi-natory pricing on auto loans they acquire from auto dealers. ECOA makes it illegal for a creditor to discriminate in any aspect of a credit transaction on the basis of race or other protected bases; indirect auto lenders are creditors under ECOA. Discrimination in auto lending has long been widespread, and a significant culprit is the discretionary dealer mark-up. Three- fourths of all consumers use a loan to pur-chase a car, and 80% of auto loans are fi-nanced through the auto dealer. The auto dealer may provide that financing directly or it may facilitate indirect financing by an indirect third-party lender. In indirect auto financing, the dealer usually collects basic information regarding the applicant and uses an automated system to forward that infor-mation to several prospective indirect auto lenders. The indirect auto lender establishes a ‘‘buy rate’’ for the customer. The dealer can then add as much as 2–2.5% to the buy rate and keep some or all of the difference. These mark-ups have been found to add over $25 billion to the total loan cost of auto loans made over the course of one year. The discriminatory impact of this discre-tionary practice has been researched and documented, time and again. In the mid– 1990s, a series of lawsuits were filed against the largest auto finance companies based on data showing that that borrowers of color were twice as likely to have their loans marked up and paid markups twice as large as similarly situated white borrowers with similar credit ratings. The CFPB’s own in-vestigations found that borrowers who iden-tified as African American, Latino, and Asian/Pacific Islander paid between 20 and 36 basis points more for their loans than simi-larly situated white borrowers, adding be-tween $150 and $300 in additional interest over the life of those consumers’ loans. We have seen the evidence that enforce-ment against auto lending discrimination has resulted in real benefits to wronged bor-rowers of color. As a result of its investiga-tions, the Consumer Bureau, jointly with the Department of Justice, took enforcement ac-tion against Ally Financial, Honda, Fifth Third Bank, and Toyota, which resulted in restitution to wronged borrowers of over $140 million. These lenders also agreed to adjust their pricing models by limiting the amount of their dealer mark-ups—real evidence of progress in the fight against a discrimina-tory lending practice. Of note, the 2013 guid-ance also explains that lenders can address fair lending risk by paying compensation to dealers in ways other than allowing them to mark up the interest rate. Discrimination in auto lending continues to be a very real problem. In early 2018, a study conducted by the National Fair Hous-ing Alliance (NFHA) paired white and non- white testers to visit auto dealerships and shop for the same car within 24 hours of each other. The study found that, more often than not, the better qualified non-white applicant was offered higher cost pricing options than the less qualified white applicant, resulting in those non-white borrowers paying on aver-age $2,662 more than the white borrowers over the life of the loan. Additionally, NFHA found that 75% of the time, white testers were offered more financing options than non-white testers. These statistics further prove the need for continued vigilant en-forcement against violations of ECOA, as well as clear expectations for industry like the 2013 guidance provides. Auto loans are the third most prevalent form of debt among U.S. residents after home and student loans. Discrimination in auto lending contributes to credit access dis-parities and to the racial and ethnic wealth gap. This CRA would send the wrong mes-sage to the auto industry and to the Amer-ican people. In addition, CRA has never been used to undo longstanding guidance, and it was not intended to be used this way. Permitting CRAs to undo longstanding guidance opens the door to regulatory uncertainty across the federal regulatory environment and across a range of U.S. markets as a result. We urge you to oppose S.J. Res. 57 and keep the federal government’s commitment to rooting out racial discrimination clear. Thank you for your consideration. If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact Cheye-Ann Corona, Senior Policy Associate with the Center for Responsible Lending, Sincerely, Allied Progress, American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees, Americans for Financial Reform, Arkansans Against Abusive Payday Lenders, California Reinvestment Coalition, Center for Respon-sible Lending, Color of Change, Consumer Federation of America, Consumers Union, Impact Fund, Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, NAACP, NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc. NACA—Ohio State Chair, National Asso-ciation for Equal Opportunity in Higher Edu-cation (NAFEO), National Association of So-cial Workers, National Community Reinvest-ment Coalition, National Consumer Law Center (on behalf of its low income clients), National Urban League, Public Citizen, Pub-lic Good Law Center, Public Justice Center, Texas Appleseed, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, U.S. PIRG, UnidosUS, and United Church of Christ. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, Ameri-cans for Financial Reform called this resolution ‘‘a deeply troubling piece of legislation that will leave millions of people of color at the mercy of auto- dealers and lenders with a long history of racial discrimination.’’ I know a lot of auto dealers, and I am sure my friend from Idaho, Senator C
RAPO , does as well. We all do. Most of them don’t do this, but some of them do, and why are we allowing the some of them who do to continue to do this? If Republicans are willing to use this loophole that a few very smart Repub-licans uncovered—this loophole that they went down in the weeds and fig-ured out how to exploit—if they are willing to use this loophole to attack our basic right to equality, there may be no end to the other consumer pro-tections they can repeal. Big corpora-tions could be free to take advantage of customers with little to rein them in, with fewer consumer protections and with fewer environmental protections. Think of the progress we have made in this country because of consumer protection, because of strong safe drinking water laws, and because of strong clean air laws. I live 10 miles from Lake Erie. I know about the progress, in part because we passed strong laws for environmental protec-tion. I know what we have done to clean up Lake Erie. The Great Lakes are 20 percent of all the ground and surface freshwater in the world. I look at what we have done as a society. Do we want to go back on this as the President cuts funding to clean up the Great Lakes? The EPA issues guidelines today to ensure that corporate polluters aren’t putting com-munities in danger by contaminating the air they breathe or the water they drink. States rely on Federal guid-ance—the key word—so they can work with the Federal Government to pro-vide healthcare to families and chil-dren. Workers rely on guidance from the Department of Labor to make sure they are getting fair pay in a safe workplace. But under the legislation before us today, those protections could be stripped away in the future, one by one by one. Every time somebody here wants to do a favor for their favorite special in-terest group, they can go down to Sen-ator MCCONNELL ’s office, probably pick up a ticket—because there is probably going to be a line, with all the lobby-ists going in and out—they will pick up a ticket to say, which special interest group can I do a favor for today, and they will find another one. For the millions who lost their jobs, for the millions who lost their homes in the financial crisis a decade ago, for the millions who are struggling to build their retirement with wages that haven’t been growing for more than 20 years, it is already hard enough to get ahead. We should be making it easier for them, not harder. I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today is tax day, not typically a day of celebra-tion for anyone, with maybe the excep-tion of the IRS. But this year there is— believe it or not—something to cele-brate because tax day 2018 marks the end of the old tax system. Next year, Americans will be filling out their taxes under the new tax sys-tem that was created by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That means that they will be paying less in taxes and keeping more of their hard-earned money. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.012 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2208 April 17, 2018 
If anything became clear during the last election cycle, it was that the economy was not working well for American families. In CNN exit poll-ing, 62 percent of voters rated the econ-omy as poor, and that wasn’t sur-prising. The Obama administration was tough for American workers. Job cre-ation was sluggish, wages were stag-nant, and economic growth lagged far behind the pace of other recoveries. Op-portunities for workers were few and far between. It is no wonder that so many hard-working Americans felt like they had been left behind. Republicans were listening, and one of our top priorities in this Congress has been improving the economic out-look for the American people, which is why last fall we took up tax reform. The Tax Code may not be the first thing people think of when they think of economic prosperity, but it actually plays a key role in determining the success of individual families and of our economy as a whole. The more money the Federal Government takes from you in taxes, the less money you have to pay bills or to buy a house or repair your car or save for retirement. The more money a business has to give to the Federal Government, the less money it has to grow the business and to invest in its workers. So when it came time to draft a tax bill, Republicans had two goals. First, we wanted to put more money in the pockets of hard-working Americans right away. Second, we wanted to cre-ate the kind of economy that would give Americans access to economic se-curity over the long term. Now, I am proud to report that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has already achieved the first goal and is well on its way to achieving the second. To put more money in Americans’ pockets, we lowered tax rates across the board and nearly doubled the standard deduc-tion—the amount of Americans’ in-come that is automatically free from taxation. We also acted to provide relief for parents, who are doing the hard work of raising the next generation, by dou-bling the child tax credit and allowing more parents to claim the credit. We eliminated the individual mandate tax, which disproportionately hit low-in-come families. We also made sure to protect key retirement savings plans— 401(k)s and individual retirement ac-counts—and we improved education savings accounts, allowing families to use their 529 plans to save for elemen-tary and secondary as well as higher education. Thanks to the IRS’s new withholding tables and its new withholding calcu-lator, Americans have already started seeing the new tax relief in their pay-checks. For a lot of Americans, that is not all they are seeing in their paychecks. A lot of Americans are also seeing pay increases or bonuses thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That brings me to our second reform goal, which was creating the kind of economy that would give Americans access to economic security and pros-perity for the long term. We knew that the only way to give Americans access to real long-term economic security was to ensure that they had access to good jobs, good wages, and real oppor-tunities. We knew that the only way to guarantee access to good jobs, wages, and opportunities was to make sure that businesses had the ability to cre-ate and maintain them. But before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our Tax Code wasn’t helping busi-nesses to create jobs or to increase op-portunities for workers. In fact, it was doing the opposite, and that had real consequences for American workers. A small business owner struggling to afford the hefty annual tax bill for her business was highly unlikely to be able to hire a new worker or to raise wages. A larger business struggling to stay competitive in the global marketplace while paying a substantially higher tax rate than its foreign competitors too often had limited funds to expand or increase investment here in the United States. So when it came time for tax reform, we set out to improve the playing field for American workers by improving the playing field for businesses as well. To accomplish that, we lowered tax rates across the board for owners of small and medium-sized businesses and farms and ranches. We lowered our Nation’s massive corporate tax rate which, up until January 1, was the highest cor-porate tax rate in the developed world. We expanded business owners’ ability to recover investments they make in their businesses, which frees up cash they can reinvest in their operations and their workers. We brought the U.S. international tax system into the 21st century by re-placing our outdated worldwide system with a modernized territorial tax sys-tem so that American businesses are not operating at a disadvantage rel-ative to their foreign competitors. The goal in all of this was to free up businesses to increase investments in the U.S. economy, to hire new workers, and to increase wages and benefits, and that is exactly what they are doing. In response to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, more than 500 companies across this country, and counting, have an-nounced good news for American work-ers. Company after company has an-nounced pay raises, bonuses, 401(k) match increases, and other benefits. Others are expanding their businesses and investing in new equipment and fa-cilities. Still others are passing tax savings on to their customers in the form of things like utility rate cuts. That means more money for Americans now and more money for Americans in the future. Tax day may never be a fun day, but Americans can take heart because thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, next year’s tax day is going to be a lot less painful. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to address the CRA we voted to proceed to and on which we will vote for final passage tomorrow. It is a Congressional Review Act resolu-tion that will allow us to repeal an ill- conceived CFPB regulation. Let me start with just a word about the CFPB because this is an agency that is fundamentally flawed in its de-sign and has been so since day one. First, there is a single individual di-rector. There is no bipartisan commis-sion. There is no board. There is no need for consensus. There is one-man rule. Secondly, this one individual can only be removed for cause. He is part of the executive branch, but the Chief Ex-ecutive can’t fire him. This makes no sense. Finally, the entire CFPB—this huge regulatory agency—is subject to no meaningful oversight. They are not de-pendent on Congress—the people’s rep-resentatives—for taxpayer funding. They just draw whatever they want out of the Fed, which means the Fed has that much less to hand over to the Treasury. An individual, rather than a commission, no ability to remove, ex-cept for cause, and not subject to ap-propriation—it is a recipe for a dis-aster. That is what we have had. It is not just my opinion, by the way. A three-judge panel of the DC Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that this struc-ture is fundamentally unconstitu-tional. I will quote briefly from their decision. They said: ‘‘The CFPB’s [con-centration of] enormous executive power in a single, unaccountable, un-checked Director not only departs from settled historical practice, but also poses a far greater risk of arbitrary de-cision making and abuse of power, and a far greater threat to individual lib-erty, than does a multi-member inde-pendent agency.’’ Fortunately, we have an Acting Di-rector at the moment who gets this. Mick Mulvaney has testified about these very flaws in the CFPB and sug-gested, as many of us have, at least some structural reforms, making the CFPB subject to appropriations so Con-gress has meaningful oversight; requir-ing that the major rules they pass be subject to a legislative approval, which is Congress taking responsibility for the action Congress delegates; giving the President the ability to hire and fire a Director; and having an inde-pendent inspector general so we have a watchdog. This is the least we should do. Our colleagues on the other side have not been willing to agree to any of them, so we have this badly flawed agency. It shouldn’t be surprising that a flawed structure leads to badly flawed poli-cies. That is why we are here dis-cussing this CRA. It is about the indi-rect auto lending guidance, as it is called, that the CFPB issued some time ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.023 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2209 April 17, 2018 
Let me explain a little bit about what this is. Indirect auto lending— what is that? Direct auto lending is what you might think. It is when a consumer, a buyer—someone who wants to buy a car—goes to a bank and lines up financing from the bank. That would be direct auto financing. Indi-rect auto financing is when the car dealer provides the arrangement of the financing for you. The actual financing is ultimately performed by a lending institution, but the car dealer makes the arrangements. Indirect auto loans are actually very good for consumers for a variety of rea-sons. No. 1, it is very convenient. You don’t have to shop around to a bunch of banks, as well as a bunch of car deal-ers. You get one-stop shopping, and you have both. No. 2, it tends to be more competi-tion for the consumers’ loan. How many banks are you going to realisti-cally go out and visit when you are at-tempting to line up your financing? But the car dealer can routinely can-vass all the available lending options and make sure the consumer gets the best possible deal. Finally, as a routine matter of prac-tice, dealers have always been able to discount the loan as one of the negoti-ating provisions in a multipart trans-action. That is important to stress here. The nature of the car-buying ex-perience—for any of us who have done it—very typically, there are several moving parts, several transactions. There is the purchase price you nego-tiate for the vehicle you are buying and the trade-in value for the vehicle you are parting with. There is the value of other services you may nego-tiate for. It is not possible to judge the overall economics of a transaction like this unless you know all of the compo-nents. The interest rate you pay on the loan is but one of several important components. Along comes the CFPB. In December of 2013, they issued a bulletin that is an attempt to regulate the indirect auto lending. In this, they warned lenders of a disparate impact liability. Let me explain briefly what this means. First of all, if lending policy is discriminatory, it is illegal. If there is discrimination on the basis of any pro-tected class—and that would include race, sex, age, gender, and other things—it is illegal. What the CFPB came along and said is, even if the lending policy is not discriminatory— not on its face, it is nondiscrim-inatory—you can still be liable for the violation of the law if the CFPB thinks there is a protected class, some cat-egory of people, who are paying, on av-erage, a higher interest rate on their loan. This is the disparate impact the-ory the CFPB used in order to attempt to end the ability of auto dealers to discount loans as part of a negotiated transaction on a car purchase. Why is this so problematic? There are two categories. First is the very process by which the CFPB came up with this rule. First of all, it is actu-ally a guidance, not a rulemaking. What does that mean? That means they chose not to follow the law, the Administrative Procedure Act, that re-quires an agency go through a very systematic and public process of get-ting a lot of input and review on a pro-posed law, proposed rule, before it goes into effect. For very good reason, we require reg-ulators to get public input, to give ex-perts, consumers, and people engaged in the business the opportunity to ex-amine the rule under consideration and provide some feedback as to whether there might be unforeseen con-sequences or flaws in it. They did none of this. The CFPB did not consult with the other regulators, as they are re-quired by Dodd-Frank, nor did they do a cost-benefit analysis, which is also required by Dodd-Frank. They sur-prised the industry and the consumers by fundamentally reinterpreting how the anti-discrimination legislation would be interpreted. Why did they do this? Why did they take this approach? Why did they cir-cumvent the Administrative Procedure Act? It is a convenient way to avoid scrutiny. It is a convenient way to im-pose one’s will without public scrutiny, without any analysis. This is a very bad process and, not surprisingly, the outcome is equally bad. The methodology they used to de-termine discrimination on the basis of race is really amazing. Since there is no information about the race of a bor-rower in financing for a vehicle, the lenders don’t know the race of the bor-rowers, literally. They have no idea. Neither does the CFPB, but that didn’t stop them from alleging racial dis-crimination. They developed a method-ology, a system, where they attempt to guess the race of a car buyer who is fi-nancing the purchase of a car through a loan. They tried to guess their race based on the last name and geography. They assign a probability to a person being African American or Hispanic or European American or whatever based on a surname and geography. This is a wildly flawed process, which quite predictably led to huge errors. Independent, outside analysis has con-cluded that their error rates could be as high as 40 percent. So 40 percent of the people they would designate as Af-rican American, in fact, are not, or 40 percent of the people they would des-ignate as European American, in fact, are not. It is not just that they got their guesstimate wrong about race, but the manner in which they got it wrong led to the wrong and erroneous conclusion. In other words, there were systemic flaws that completely invali-dated their conclusions. Finally, and maybe in some ways most important, they willfully chose to ignore all the other components of the transaction. They allege that someone was adversely impacted because they paid a higher rate of interest on a loan, but they have no idea what the pur-chase price on the vehicle was. They have no idea what the trade-in was for the used vehicle. They have no idea what other services were being offered. This gets worse. The CFPB decided they needed to make an example of someone so they could terrorize the in-dustry into ending this practice of dis-counting interest rates, and they found a good victim. The Federal Govern-ment owned about 74 percent of Ally Bank at the time. They had an applica-tion before the Fed to change their cor-porate organization, which they needed to do. They needed to complete that; otherwise, they would have to shed whole business lines. It is a long, com-plicated story. Suffice it to say, Ally Bank’s future existence, as it was formed, depended on an approval from the Fed for what should have been a routine change in corporate structure. The Fed made it clear they weren’t going to grant that change until there was a settlement with the CFPB, so Ally Bank was over a barrel. That was exactly what the CFPB wanted. Five days before the deadline, which would have required Ally Bank to divest itself of whole categories of business, the CFPB shakes them down for $100 mil-lion. Four days later, the Fed approves the application. The CFPB found its opportunity, made its example, and it had a chilling effect on the market. Let me wrap this up with what we are talking about here. It is an unac-countable, out-of-control agency that circumvented the proper rulemaking process in order to avoid public scru-tiny about what they were trying to do. They imposed their will on an in-dustry that the Dodd-Frank legislation explicitly forbid them from regulating. They developed a badly flawed method-ology to allege discrimination on the part of lenders on the basis of race, de-spite the fact that the lenders didn’t know the race of the borrowers. They picked a victim who couldn’t fight back. They hit the victim with a $100 million fine without the CFPB know-ing that any individual was actually unfairly treated by Ally Bank. It didn’t matter. Who ultimately pays the price for this kind of behavior? The very con-sumers the CFPB is supposed to be serving. Under this very flawed rule of the CFPB, the goal was to effectively prevent auto dealers from being able to discount the interest rate on a loan, being unable to compete with a bank down the road that might be offering a lower rate, being unable to negotiate a term that might be helpful to a bor-rower. Consumers under the CFPB’s rule have fewer options, less flexibility, re-duced access to credit, and higher costs. That is why Congress should overturn this. This is our opportunity to set this right. The House voted 332 to 96 to repeal this rule. We can do this tomorrow. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have complained about the use of a CRA in application to a guid-ance issue. Our Democratic colleagues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.024 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2210 April 17, 2018 
themselves attempted to do this exact same thing with respect to a chip guid-ance that was issued some years ago, and they were perfectly OK with it then. I don’t see why they can’t be OK with it now. It is important to note what this res-olution does not do. It does not change, in any way, the legitimate enforcement of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. It doesn’t amend that act. It doesn’t change regulation B. The enforcement of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act would simply continue as it had gone for 30-plus years. Discrimination in credit providing has been illegal and will continue to be illegal when we suc-cessfully pass this CRA. I thank Senator M
ORAN and Will Ruder from his staff, John Crews from my staff. I thank Terry van Doren from Leader M
CCONNELL ’s staff for his help. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this important Congressional Review Act resolution. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, today is tax day, 2 days later than April 15 actu-ally, but nonetheless, today is tax day. I rise to speak about the impact of what we have done over the last 15 months to affect the future of our free enterprise system in America. When President Donald Trump took office last year, he set out with three clear priorities. Under the major objective last year, job one was to grow the econ-omy. To do that, he charged us in Con-gress to focus on three things: regula-tions, energy, and taxes. In addition to those three, we were supposed to try to get to Dodd-Frank and take away some of the pressure on small banks and re-gional banks, which we have done this year in the Senate. Just a few weeks ago, we passed a bill. The reason that is important, those four things will free up some estimated $6 trillion in potential capital investment that has not been at work in our $20 trillion economy. What we have just done with regula-tion, energy, and taxes will free up or have the opportunity to free up the $6 trillion. That is huge in this economy. In the regulatory environment last year, well over 860 regulations were re-versed. It is the largest in history. Con-crete steps have been taken to unleash our country’s full energy potential, in-cluding with ANWR, the Keystone Pipeline, and adjustments to the Clean Power Plan and the waters of the United States, just to mention a few. Finally, historic changes to the Tax Code were signed into law by President Trump. It used to be that today was a bad day in America, and we all dreaded it. It was the day we had to turn our taxes in. This year, it is actually a day of good news in that this is the last time the American people will have to file their taxes by using the old, out-dated tax system that has become so archaic and so noncompetitive with the rest of the world. These changes to the Tax Code will bring relief to American workers and businesses. The average, median-income household in America— a family of four—will see its taxes re-duced by about $2,000 a year, or more than half. The change to the Tax Code of mak-ing our tax rate more competitive is making American-made goods much more competitive on the world stage. The greatest hindrance to and the greatest tax on the American worker in years past was this archaically high corporate tax rate. People said: Well, we just pushed all of those profits to the corporate entities. No, this is the greatest thing we could do for the American worker—to help them be-come more competitive with the rest of the world, to give them a level playing field. That is what we did in this tax bill. We are already seeing the early posi-tive results. Over 2 million new jobs have been created since President Trump took office, and consumer con-fidence is at a 17-year high. As an ex- retailer and a person who has worked with consumer products and in manu-facturing for most of his career, I have watched this index. This is phenomenal to be at a 17-year high this early in this turnaround. It bodes well for the future of what we have just done. CEO confidence is at a 20-year high. Some $2 trillion in overseas profits has potentially been unlocked to be made available now for capital investment back in this country. Yes, we already see public corporations making public statements in their quarterly earnings reviews about the capital investment plans they are laying out. We see in-vestment increases being announced every month from public companies in America today. There is no question that businesses are beginning to bring those profits home and investing in our economy. Nationally, in addition, over 4 mil-lion Americans have received bonuses and wage increases. Over 500 businesses have taken positive action, be it by giving out bonuses, raising wages, in-creasing 401(k) matches, or increasing their overall investments in their com-panies. As a matter of fact, another benefit is that most of these public corpora-tions have major foundations that do philanthropic work—tremendously constructive philanthropic work. Most of these companies that have made these announcements about their own financial well-being and those of their employees have also dramatically in-creased their contributions to those philanthropic efforts and those trust funds. In my home State of Georgia, dozens of companies are taking action because of these changes to the Tax Code, and they are making these statements pub-lic. Just go to any public corporation today that is in its latest quarterly re-turn and look at what it is saying about how this tax change affects its business and the future of its employ-ees. This is huge. It is also huge for the entire country because we are much more competitive today than we have been. For years the Tax Code was working against Amer-ican workers and our entire economy. It was crippling small businesses’ abil-ity to expand their companies and hire more workers. It was damaging our ability to compete with the rest of the world. Changing the Tax Code last year was the single greatest thing we could have done to have unleashed economic growth this year, and we are just get-ting started. I have been through some of these large turnarounds, and I characterize this as a mega turnaround. After 8 years of the lowest economic growth in U.S. history, we are now on the re-bound. That is so important for the fu-ture of our country in the long term. We have a $21 trillion debt today, as the Presiding Officer knows. One of the things we have to do in order to dig our way out of that is to get our economy healthy again. As documented by the CBO, or the Congressional Budget Of-fice, a 1-percent growth in GDP will yield $300 billion of Federal revenue every year. That is $3 trillion over the next decade. With the projection that we are going to add $10 trillion to the debt over the next decade just from de-cisions that have been made over the last decade, we can see that just grow-ing the economy alone is not enough to solve this debt crisis. There are some in this body who have argued that this has been nothing but a boondoggle, nothing but a huge deficit- increasing exercise. Yes, there were identified costs included with this, but what was not considered by the CBO was the long-term return on invest-ment, the leverage effect of that return on investment, or the leverage effect of this returning profit situation that we have coming back from the changes in the repatriation law. In addition to that, the CBO disagreed with using the impact of foreign direct investment, which I really don’t understand. I am proud that we got this tax bill done, and I know that the positive im-pact is really just beginning. There are other things we must do to deal with our national debt in the long term, like fixing our budget process, cutting back on redundant agencies, saving Social Security and Medicare, and finally get-ting after the spiraling nature of the underlying drivers of our healthcare costs and not just the insurance of it. This wouldn’t be happening without these changes to the Tax Code, how-ever, and without a President with a new perspective in the White House. President Trump worked in the real world for decades, and he brings that sense of urgency to the White House. Today he is working at a business pace, not at a bureaucratic pace, and he is committed to keeping up the positive momentum. This year, the pressure is on the other side because, right now, as we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.025 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2211 April 17, 2018 
trying to deal with immigration, the labor issue might be a constraining fac-tor in the ultimate growth of this econ-omy, and we need to deal with that. For different reasons, both sides be-lieve we need to be investing in infra-structure. I will remind my colleagues in this body that it was just in 2011 when this government threw $1 trillion into our economy. I would debate the benefit of that particular investment because it was not thrown at those stimulative issues that would grow the economy. Today, America deals with a new world. The world situation has never been more dangerous. The best thing we can do for our military and for our people is to get this economy moving again and create a level playing field around the world to help our trade sit-uation. That is what the President is trying to do right now—to create a more level playing field so as to grow our economy, fix our budget process, and deal with the spending issues that we have here at home. I am excited to be a part of the Joint Select Committee on Budget Process Reform, which is charged with chang-ing the way we fund the Federal Gov-ernment every year. I am hopeful that will lead to a new budget process that will allow us to avoid the continuing resolutions and the omnibuses by which five or six people get in a room and decide how to spend $1 trillion. The tax changes alone will not dig us out of this debt crisis. We knew that this was the first step in getting it going, and I am delighted with the impact that it is having on our economy today. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess until 5:30 p.m. today. There being no objection, the Senate, at 4:21 p.m., recessed until 5:33 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. R
UBIO). 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY BUREAU OF CON-SUMER FINANCIAL PROTEC-TION—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I am here to give some brief remarks about what we are on right now, which is a Congressional Review Act vehicle to reconsider agency guidance. There is nothing that sounds more arcane and wonky than that. The issue at hand has to do with dis-parate treatment of people when they go in to get a car. There is plenty of evidence that Black and Brown people are taken advantage of and treated more poorly in the credit context than White people. So the CFPB went to col-lect data and to require that people be treated fairly. I will be voting against this CRA ve-hicle, but I actually think there is a bigger, broader, more concerning issue. I am going to try to work with the Par-liamentarian’s office and with the lead-ership of both parties to try to address it. Although it is arcane, it is very wor-risome for the Senate itself. The Congressional Review Act passed in 1996. The idea was straightforward: All rules have to have some authority beyond the desire for the agency to want to promulgate rules. It is subject to review by the Congress. In other words, if you don’t like what an agency is doing, now there is a pathway called privileged, which allows the Congress to go ahead and overturn that rule. In the Senate, it is especially important because it is not subject to a 60-vote threshold. This is a big deal. This al-lows Congress to say any time there is a rule made: We are going to overturn it with a bare majority threshold. That was the will of the Congress, and that is Federal law. Here is how the statute works. The rule gets submitted to GAO and Con-gress, and then a clock starts and a bunch of statutory triggers go. I dug into this over the last 10 weeks. Suffice it to say it is very complicated. There is a strict timeline, and there are 60 legislative days to take action. And be-cause we are the legislative branch of the Federal Government, legislative days are not actual days; it ends up taking four times that long. The important part is that there is a process that is prescribed for that, and there is a timeframe that is prescribed for that. That is the authority the Con-gress gave itself in 1996. That authority is very clear about two things: First, it is meant to apply to rules, which are binding, and it is meant to have legal force. The CRA gives the Congress a way to weigh in when an agency’s interpretation of the law con-flicts with the legislative intentions. Second, it only applies to rules that were recently promulgated. In other words, they specifically envisioned that a clock would run. The rule gets submitted to Congress, the clock runs, and if the Congress likes the rule or if there is not sufficient will to overturn the rule, then the rule stands. If the Congress doesn’t like the rule, then a Member can introduce a CRA resolu-tion of disapproval, and we act on it. This is why what is happening right now is totally nuts. What is happening right now is not what we have nor-mally done with CRAs. What is hap-pening right now is that we are submit-ting agency guidance—not a rule but agency guidance—which has no legal force, to the same procedures as the rules under the Congressional Review Act. The guidance in question is imple-menting guidance for a statute that is 50 years old. The guidance came out 5 years ago. The law that it is imple-menting is 50 years old. It is a piece of guidance. It is literally interpretation of an existing law for the public. And now we are going to overturn the inter-pretation of an existing law from an executive agency. We are not over-turning a rulemaking. When you go through the rulemaking process in the executive branch, it takes anywhere from 12 to 36 months. There is a rigorous process. It is sort of quasi-judicial, and you have to really check all the boxes and do it right. Otherwise, you get sued under the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act. None of that happened. This was just guidance. So now, if the Parliamentarian and the GAO and everyone else decides that the CRA applies to guidance, then the time limits on CRA don’t matter at all, and the interpretation of this statute is rendered absurd. I will point out that this is not the most well-crafted Federal law on the books. It is very difficult to interpret this Federal law, so I sympathize with the Parliamentarian and GAO and the leadership of both parties, who are try-ing to make sense of a statute that is unclear in some places. But when a statute is unclear, you are supposed to interpret the statute in a way that the statute functions. Right now, what we are doing is we are rendering the stat-ute essentially absurd because if it is a rule, you have a strict time limit. If it is guidance—and I am not sure, if it is guidance, why that wouldn’t also apply to an agency circular or an executive memorandum for the Under Secretary. All of this could be subject to tens of thousands of pieces of guidance and rules and views, and whatever is con-sidered policymaking could be sub-jected to a Congressional Review Act action. I think that is completely ba-nanas. We are going down a path where Con-gress can take an administrative ac-tion that has been done in the last 22 years and subject it to the CRA, and you will not need 60 votes. This is bad for our institution. I can’t stress that enough. I understand that this is not the kind of thing that people across the country are going to be deeply pas-sionate about and march on the streets about and be motivated to vote on, but we are in the Senate, and we have an obligation to safeguard the way this in-stitution operates. I am deeply afraid that if we subject every piece of administration guid-ance—and remember, the door swings both ways in Washington. We will have a Democratic Senate. Who knows when, but we will have a Democratic Senate and we will have a Democratic House, and we can scour everything that every Republican administration has done since 1996 pursuant to any law made at any time in our American his-tory and subject it to a majority vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.026 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2212 April 17, 2018 
I think the last thing this institution needs is a new opportunity to go down new rabbit holes on partisan issues and a new opportunity to fight on small things and not deal with the biggest challenges of our time. I am going to oppose this on the mer-its, but I am more worried about what we are doing to our institution. Right now, the Senate is not functioning at a high level. We have not had any open amendment process except vote-arama, which I think 100 Senators would agree is a useless process. So the regular order, which was called for by the then- minority leader when he was criti-cizing Majority Leader Reid, is no-where to be found. I am not blaming him. I am not blaming anyone in par-ticular. But I am saying that when there is an opportunity to at least pre-vent this institution from falling fur-ther, we should take that opportunity. I understand we are not going to be able to intervene in this moment and stop this CRA, but let the record re-flect that I do not accept that a prece-dent is being set. This has not been ref-ereed yet. We have not fully had a con-versation with the Parliamentarian and GAO about what exactly CRA is supposed to mean and how it is sup-posed to operate. If it is supposed to operate in an absurd way, I think we have a lot of work to do. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, first of all, happy tax day—three words that probably don’t usually go together. I will share that anyway because the reason I am up here is that for the first time in more than three decades, Con-gress overhauled our Tax Code, and that is what distinguishes this tax day from the ones that came before it. This is the last time Nevadans will file their taxes under the broken system of the past. You don’t have to look too far to see the positive impacts of our new tax laws. They are already having an im-pact on the people of my home State of Nevada. Nevadans and Americans throughout the country have already benefited from keeping more of their hard-earned money. In fact, more than 1 million Nevadans saw their pay-checks get bigger last month because we doubled the standard deduction and we doubled the child tax credit. Tax-payers in every income category re-ceived a tax cut under this bill. Furthermore, since President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law just a few months ago, more than 500 companies throughout the country have committed to giving their work-ers bonuses, pay raises, and enhanced benefits as a direct result of tax re-form. Let me share a few of those in my home State. About 11,000 Nevadans got a raise. Roughly 13,000 Nevadans re-ceived special bonuses of up to $2,000. Up to 25,000 Nevadans may benefit from college tuition assistance, increased pension funding, expanded maternity and paternal leave, and more paid holi-days. More than 10,000 jobs are ex-pected to be created in Southern Ne-vada alone. So it is no surprise that Nevada was recently ranked second among States when it comes to middle-income fami-lies who benefit the most from tax re-form. Let me give you a few examples of how this new law is impacting Nevad-ans. South Point Hotel Casino and Spa doubled bonuses for its 2,300 full-time workers. The Prospector Hotel in Ely gave its employees a $500 bonus and raised its starting wages. McDonald’s, which has around 9,000 employees in my State, is expanding its education benefits program, tri-pling the amount of money eligible workers can receive to help cover the cost of college tuition. Lowe’s Home Improvement, which employs more than 2,000 Nevadans, an-nounced it is expanding benefits, such as adoption assistance and parental paid leave, and giving bonuses of up to $1,000 to its employees. Walmart announced it will increase wages, give eligible employees a special bonus of $1,000, and expand maternity and parental leave benefits—benefiting up to 8,700 Walmart associates who are living in the great State of Nevada. CVS, which has roughly 2,000 employ-ees and 100 stores in Nevada, an-nounced that effective this month, it will increase the starting salary and wages for hourly employees. Developers of the stalled Fontaine-bleau Resort, recently renamed the Drew, announced they will resume the project and have committed to cre-ating over 10,000 new jobs. A–1 Steel, which is based in Sparks, NV, implemented eight paid holidays for its employees. Finally, Cox Communications said it will give around 1,750 Nevadans bo-nuses of up to $2,000 today. Yes, on tax day they will be giving their employees bonuses of up to $2,000. This is just the beginning. During a phone call from the Na-tional Federation of Independent Busi-ness in Nevada, roughly 9 in 10 Nevada business owners said that because of the new tax law, they plan to take ac-tion that includes increasing workers’ wages and investing in their compa-nies. Several companies are also pledg-ing to put more of their capital back into our country rather than overseas. Apple, which recently broke ground on a new facility in Reno, announced it will create 20,000 new jobs nationally, open a new campus, and directly con-tribute $350 billion to the U.S. economy over the next 5 years. Make no mistake about it, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is working for the people in Nevada. Despite the bill’s critics, who have described these tax cuts as ‘‘crumbs’’ and said it is ‘‘the worst bill in the history of the U.S. Congress,’’ this new bill couldn’t have come at a better time. Let me tell you again why. Under the failed economic policies of the Obama administration, Nevadans suffered through 8 years of historically low economic growth. Think about this. In those 8 years, the average econ-omy growth was less than 2 percent. As a result, wages and workers suffered, job creation suffered, and the middle class in America suffered. It has been reported that nearly 8 in 10 Americans who work full time are living paycheck to paycheck, and if you live in Nevada, you are more likely to be living paycheck to paycheck than if you lived anywhere else. Whether it is a single mother, who is taking classes to further her education to give her kids a good life, or the po-lice officer and teacher with four chil-dren in Southern Nevada who tell me that they are barely getting by and are doing the best they can, families in my State are trying to plan for their fu-tures. They have told me they are struggling, but it is not just Nevadans who felt the squeeze. Nearly two-thirds of Americans don’t even have $500 set aside to cover an un-expected emergency expense. That is why, as a member of the Senate Fi-nance Committee, I worked to help write this legislation. I fought to pass these meaningful tax cuts for the peo-ple of my State because they have been waiting too long for a break. I was proud to propose and secure a provision in the new law that doubles the child tax credit to $2,000 per child. Think about this. The enhanced child tax credit could mean enough money for a family of 4 to cover more than 6 months’ worth of groceries, buy school supplies for 4 kids, and purchase more than 9,000 diapers. It will allow families to better plan for their futures. Take Sarah as an example, a single mom living in Nevada. She told us she used her child tax credit to help her and her four children move out of a family shelter and pay rent a full year in advance. In addition to doubling the child tax credit, we doubled the standard deduc-tion, cut rates for low-income and mid-dle-class families. It is expected that a typical family of four will keep more than $2,000 this year. It also lowered rates on businesses to ensure that we are globally competi-tive and help incite economic growth. I am pleased this bill included my provi-sion to make it easier for startups to give more junior employees an owner-ship stake in their company’s success. I have been fighting for tax reform for years, and last year we set out to cut taxes for hard-working Americans and agreed to a framework that in-cluded three main goals: create more jobs, increase wages, and boost Amer-ican competitiveness. Even though it has only been a few months, I believe we have already achieved all three of those. As the son of an auto mechanic and a school cook, I grew up watching my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.029 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2213 April 17, 2018 
parents work hard to provide for me and my five brothers and sisters and to provide a good life. They told us that if we worked hard and played by the rules, then we, too, could achieve the American dream. Our problem today is that too many people think that the American dream is out of reach. That is what tax relief legislation is all about—empowering families to give them a better chance to get ahead and to prepare for their futures. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has put my State and our country on the right track to economic prosperity, and I look forward to seeing what the rest of the year brings for Nevada families and their workers. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I just had a chance to hear my colleague from Nevada talk a little bit about the importance of the tax cuts and tax re-form that this Chamber passed at the end of the year and that is now in ef-fect. All I can say to my constituents is, this is the last year you are going to have to file under the old code. You will have the new code next year. Why is that important? Because it is sim-pler. It doubles the standard deduction, as an example, which is a great sim-plification for a lot of taxpayers. It also takes about 3 million people off the tax rolls altogether. Think about that. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, over 3 million Americans, who currently have income tax liability, will no longer have it under this new tax reform bill. Why? Because it focuses on lowering the rates, doubling the standard deduc-tion, and doubling the child tax credit. That helps people who are lower in-come Americans, who right now have tax liabilities and will not in the fu-ture. So it will be easier for a lot of people a year from now because they will have no tax-filing debate because they will not have any tax liability, and for others, it is just a simpler form. What is already happening this year is that the paychecks are changing. Why? Because the IRS is saying the employees are going to get more money in their paychecks because the employers are going to withhold less as we go into 2018 because the tax pro-posals went into effect at the beginning of this year. So even though this is the last time we will have to file under the old code, people are already seeing some of the benefits of tax reform. When I go around Ohio, I talk to peo-ple, and they say: You know, R
OB, my paycheck has already changed. That is because 90 percent of Americans are now being told they will have less withholding taken out of their pay-checks, again, because of the lower tax rate, doubling of the child tax credit, and doubling of the standard deduc-tion. This is really helping. The average person in Ohio will probably see maybe $30, $40, $50 every 2 weeks in their pay-check. That adds up. The average in Ohio for a median income family is about $2,000 a year in tax relief. That is the average. That is a big deal. That is not just crumbs. Most people I represent live pay-check to paycheck. Most people I rep-resent think $2,000 is really helpful. By the way, they tell me they are using it. It might be for a long-planned vacation they couldn’t afford. It might be, as a couple of people have told me, to help with healthcare because they couldn’t afford to buy healthcare until they had that extra $2,000 in their pocket—or more for some people—to be able to af-ford healthcare. For others—we heard a great story this morning from my colleague from West Virginia about a woman who said her daughter used to have to do her schoolwork at school or maybe at the library. She couldn’t come home to do it because they couldn’t afford high- speed internet. Now she can afford high-speed internet with this tax relief that is being provided. So this is some-thing that is actually affecting people right now. As you go to the post office to mail your form today, or as you send it in electronically, just know it is going to get a little bit better, a little bit sim-pler, with a little bit less tax liability. By the way, the IRS has had some difficulty in accepting electronic fil-ings today—another reason we actually have had to go beyond just tax reform, as important as that is, because we have to ensure we have an IRS that is working for the American taxpayer. The taxpayer service, the number of calls that are being answered, the num-ber of answers which will be given cor-rectly, all of those indicators are con-cerning right now. So we do need to en-sure that the IRS has adequate funding to respond to taxpayers but also that there are reforms at the IRS so their computer systems do work, so the dif-ferent stovepipe systems are talking to each other. So tax reform and tax relief are very important but also, as we have seen today with this glitch with regard to electronic filing, we have to make sure the IRS is up to the task and providing the taxpayer service that people de-serve. The tax relief effort, though, wasn’t just for families and individuals. It also focuses on business relief. Why? Be-cause we know American companies were not competitive under the old code. You had investment going over-seas and you had jobs going overseas. There is tax relief for small businesses and large businesses alike. We are hearing more about that because we have seen a lot of headlines. There was another one today about yet another major company that is making some investments in this coun-try. I was at the Kroger company yester-day. Kroger is one of the largest em-ployers in the United States. It is a great grocery store chain—the largest in the country, by the way. They hap-pen to be headquartered in Ohio. They made a huge announcement yesterday. They said they are going to take the savings they got from the tax relief and tax reform measure, and they are going to substantially give it back to their employees. The things they talked about were very interesting. One is to increase the 401(k) match. That is important. They already give a 100-percent match. Now they are going to do it at 5 percent, rather than 4 percent, of people’s sal-ary. That is nice because people can save more for their own retirement. They talked about helping employees who are having a tough time through the employee assistance program. They are increasing funding for that pro-gram. They talked about the employee discount program so the employees can buy more from their own stores, ex-panding more things they can buy and how much they can buy with discounts. That helps their employees. They also talked about something I thought was really great, which is con-tinuing education—lifelong learning. They said they are going to provide their employees with a $3,500-a-year— $3,500-a-year—stipend to continue their education. Maybe it is getting a GED, or maybe it is getting an MBA and ev-erything in between, but they believe in education. They want to help these employees be able to better them-selves. They believe that will also help them to keep people longer term. This is part of how they are using the tax cut. By the way, it is applicable to every-body who has been there for 6 months. You only have to be there for 6 months to apply for this. You can be there part time or full time, and you get this as-sistance for education. This is all com-ing from the tax relief this body passed. Is it making a difference in the lives of your constituents? It certainly is in the lives of my mine; I can tell you that. I have now been to 13 different busi-nesses around the State of Ohio, and I have asked them this question directly: What is happening? What are you doing? All of them tell me they are in-vesting either in their people or they are investing in their plants and equip-ment, helping the technology so people can be more competitive and more ef-fective at doing their jobs. I have also had a half dozen round-table discussions, where I bring small business owners together, and dozens of businesses have told me what they are doing. Some are providing more healthcare coverage. In a couple of cases—one is a small craft brewer in Ohio, another is an auto parts com-pany—they are providing healthcare for their employees for the first time. In one case, they had it before it got too expensive because of the Affordable Care Act, and now they are able to pro-vide healthcare for their employees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.030 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2214 April 17, 2018 
Another one had never provided healthcare because it was a small busi-ness just getting started, and now they can provide healthcare for their em-ployees because of the savings from the tax bill. Others are doing much more in terms of the community and charitable giv-ing, again, some with regard to 401(k)s and some with regard to new equip-ment and machines to make their em-ployees more productive. When economists look at what is going on in our economy, they think: Gosh, the reason wages haven’t gone up much in the last decade—and, really, it has been flat in Ohio—is because work productivity has not been high enough. Well, this tax reform effort is providing more investment to our companies. I would much rather have people in-vesting here in America than investing overseas, and that is what was hap-pening. Three times as many American companies were bought by foreign com-panies last year, instead of the other way around because of our Tax Code. There was a study out by Ernst & Young that said 4,700 of companies went overseas. When they do that, they take their investment with them. They take some of their R&D with them. We have done studies on this to be able to show that 4,700 companies had gone overseas that would have stayed— American companies—just over the last 13 years if we had the kind of tax reform in place we now have. Those companies now have incentive to be here. They have incentive to invest here. Foreign companies now have an in-centive to invest here. When they are trying to decide between investing in Japan, China, or Europe, now they look here and say: This is a lower tax rate, and you get immediate expensing. In other words, when you buy something, you can expense it more quickly, de-duct it more quickly. That encourages investment here, whether you are a U.S. company or a foreign company. That is why this is exciting. There is some new information out from the Congressional Budget Office that talks about economic growth, and it says that because of the tax reform effort, we are seeing higher growth rates. For this year—the year we are in right now—the Congressional Budget Office had projected 2 percent eco-nomic growth—pretty weak. I mean, it is growth, but it is not enough to get wages up. It is not enough to really get people the opportunities they are look-ing for when they work hard and play by the rules. Guess what they are say-ing now: 3.3 percent, not 2 percent. So 3.3 percent economic growth is pro-jected for this year. Again, they say this is largely attributable to the pro- growth policies included in the tax re-form effort we are talking about—the tax cuts. They also say that for the first time in a long time, we are seeing wages going up. They project wages going up. When we look at last month and the month before, we can see these wages start creeping back up again. This is really exciting to me because, ultimately, we want to see economic growth, yes, but we really want to see working families be able to see a little higher income so that they are not stuck in this squeeze where their in-come is flat and yet their expenses are up. What is the biggest expense that has been increasing? Healthcare. So, yes, we have to do more on healthcare and, yes, we have to do more to increase economic growth, but wouldn’t it be great to have wages going up to be able to compensate for that and to give peo-ple again the sense that if they are doing the right things in life, if they are willing to work hard and play by the rules, they can get ahead and their kids and their grandkids can get ahead too. So I am excited to be here today to say that this is the last day we have to file under the old Tax Code but also to say that the new Tax Code is helping to give the families that I represent the opportunity to do a little better, to give businesses that I represent the op-portunity be more competitive and to reinvest in their employees and to rein-vest in their businesses and their com-petitiveness and their productivity. That, ultimately, is what is going to make the biggest difference in this tax reform effort. With that, I see that one of my col-leagues is here. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
S. RES. 463 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, this is a very focused topic and I will just be a few minutes. I rise today to discuss S. Res. 463, which is a resolution that Senator B
LUNT and I just discharged from the Rules Committee that will help new parents—specifically, Senator par-ents—to bring their infant children onto the Senate floor. It hasn’t been brought to the Senate floor yet, but I thought I would give an update and ex-plain the importance and really the historic nature of this resolution. As my colleagues know, this month Senator D
UCKWORTH made history when she gave birth to her beautiful daughter Maile Pearl. Senator D
UCKWORTH has made history in many ways but, among other things, she is the first sitting U.S. Senator to give birth while in office. Some have pointed out that it is re-markable that it took so long to have a Senator who gave birth while in of-fice, and I think it does speak to the fact that while we are a growing num-ber of women in Congress, there are still not that many, and it is changing. We currently now have 23 women Senators, which is an all-time record— more than at any time in history. We are seeing record levels of women run for office. It is inevitable that in the future more women will have kids dur-ing their time in the Senate. So in this way, we are simply anticipating what we see as the future, and it is on us to make this a better workplace before they get here. I think workplaces across America are making, and have made, those same kinds of adjustments and decisions. As the ranking member of the Rules Committee, I recognize that this means that some of our outdated rules—and Senator BLUNT as the chair realizes this as well—that were developed with-out considering the changing needs in the workplace must be changed. Sen-ator D
UCKWORTH has taken the lead, and her resolution is an important part of that change. As she prepared to give birth, Sen-ator D
UCKWORTH did what many moms do. She started to come up with a plan for how to juggle her family and her work. Like too many other moms in the United States, she came to realize that there were problems in her work-place for accommodating new moms. Senators have important constitu-tional obligations related to their serv-ice, the most fundamental among them being voting on legislation. The Senate rules require Senators to vote in per-son. We have no intention of changing that. They must vote on the Senate floor, and no one can do it for them. Right now, unlike in the House, chil-dren are not allowed on the Senate floor. That means that in order to ful-fill her Senate obligation, Senator D
UCKWORTH would have to leave her baby for extended periods in order to come in and vote. Sometimes that would be just fine. She would have childcare. Her husband would be there. But as we all know, there are times when we vote late into the night, when we vote at unpredictable times, and it doesn’t work for a mom with a new-born. So what did Senator D
UCKWORTH do? She called for legislation to change the rules so that Senators can bring their infants on the floor during votes, and we worked to come up with a workable proposal. I am proud to say that this week, the Senate Rules Committee swiftly dis-charged the legislation so that it can be passed by the full Senate, because that is what working moms do. They stick together and they get the job done. Sticking together means recognizing that we have a lot of work to do inside the Halls of Congress. The truth is too many American moms aren’t in posi-tions of power to change the rules, which is why it is so important for those of us who are in positions of power to be champions of change, not just here in the Senate but in work-places across the country. It is wrong that America is the only industrialized country without a law that requires paid maternity leave, and it is wrong that only 10 percent of American em-ployers offer workers full pay during parental leave. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.032 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2215 April 17, 2018 
The lack of parental leave, coupled with the cost of childcare, has a pro-found impact on our economy and on our society, and it is one of the rea-sons, I believe, why there are not enough women in power. We must do better. Adopting Senator D
UCKWORTH ’s reso-lution represents a small step forward. In fact, it is one baby forward. In an-swer to some of the questions that I got in the hallway, no, there will not be wardrobe requirements of the baby, and, no, we do not believe the baby will be required to wear a Senate pin. Somehow, I think we will be able to adjust to this simple notion to allow a child—an infant—on the floor for the first year of life. That is why I am hopeful that this will inspire further change both inside and outside of Con-gress. In addition to the support of all of the women Senators, I would like to thank Chairman B
LUNT , Leaders M
CCONNELL and S CHUMER , and Senator D
URBIN , Senator D UCKWORTH ’s col-league, who all played an instrumental role in getting this resolution to the floor. Women may be leading the charge, but there are a lot of good men who have had our backs, and that is a good thing, because we need to work together as we continue to fight for more family-friendly workplaces. Finally, I would like to thank the one who did all the work, Senator D
UCKWORTH , who continues to serve our country with courage and strength, for paving the way. Maile Pearl is very lucky to have Senator D
UCKWORTH as a mom, and I look forward to meeting her here on the Senate floor during a future round of votes. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 2:15 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: S. 167. An act to designate a National Me-morial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 146. An act to take certain Federal lands in Tennessee into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and for other purposes. H.R. 443. An act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and fea-sibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. H.R. 3607. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes. H.R. 3961. An act to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kissimmee River and its tributaries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes. H.R. 4609. An act to provide for the convey-ance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire sta-tion. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 146. An act to take certain Federal lands in Tennessee into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on In-dian Affairs. H.R. 3607. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 3961. An act to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kissimmee River and its tributaries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 4609. An act to provide for the convey-ance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire sta-tion; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4915. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Syria that was declared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4916. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the Central African Republic that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4917. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Yemen that was declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4918. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Adminis-trator, U.S . Agency for International Devel-opment (USAID), received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 16, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4919. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Strategic Plan for the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services for fis-cal years 2018–2022; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4920. A communication from the Im-pact Analyst, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedule for Rat-ing Disabilities: The Organs of Special Sense and Schedule of Ratings—Eye’’ (RIN2900– AP14) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 16, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. f PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–199. A joint memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Idaho memori-alizing its opposition to any new federal na-tional monument designations or further designations of wilderness in the State of Idaho without the approval of the United States Congress and the Idaho Legislature; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. S
ENATE JOINT MEMORIAL NO. 103 Whereas, the Antiquities Act was passed by the United States Congress and signed into law by President Theodore Roosevelt on June 8, 1906. The law gives the President of the United States the authority to, by presi-dential proclamation, create national monu-ments from federal lands to protect signifi-cant natural, cultural or scientific features. The law has been used more than one hun-dred times since its passage; and Whereas, the Wilderness Act was passed in 1964 and, since that time, the United States Congress has designated nearly 110 million acres of federal wildlands as official wilder-ness, which has the highest form of protec-tion of any federal wildland; and Whereas, almost sixty-two percent of land in Idaho is federal land; and Whereas, residents of the State of Idaho support multiple use of public land. Current multiple use and private land protection policies governing the management of public land in Idaho have generally served and sus-tained the interests of Idaho residents; and Whereas, ranching and agriculture play a substantial role in the state’s heritage and identity and should be preserved; and Whereas, ranching, agriculture, mining, the forestry industry and recreation are pri-mary economic drivers in the state, with ag-ribusiness and recreation each contributing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.033 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2216 April 17, 2018 
an estimated $7.6 billion, the mining indus-try contributing $1.3 billion and the forestry industry contributing $2 billion to the econ-omy annually in recent years, all of which would be substantially impacted by any land management changes; and Whereas, Idaho residents, families and visi-tors currently enjoy multiple use on federal lands and have generations of family tradi-tions. Changing federal land designations would impact local wildlife management as well as opportunities to hunt and fish; and Whereas, changes in federal land designa-tions or classifications would affect land use by imposing restrictions on development, re-source extraction, recreation and land ex-changes that would result in diminished eco-nomic opportunities and restrictions on ’ac-cess and multiple use; and Whereas, the people of the State of Idaho value abundant water resources and water rights and have concern that new national monument designations or further designa-tion of wilderness by Congress could affect those resources and rights; and Whereas, the Idaho Roadless Rule is Ida-ho’s 2006 plan that provides a framework for use and protection of more than nine million acres of federal public backcountry. The rule is viewed as a nationwide model of collabora-tion among groups and individuals with di-verse interests and concerns; and Whereas, the Roadless Rule specifically prescribes protective management under the wildland recreation theme, and it is feared that utilization of the Antiquities Act for new national monument designations or fur-ther designation of wilderness by Congress would overturn the agreement reached in the formulation of the Idaho Roadless Rule, with no effort to reach consensus through coordi-nation as required by federal law; and Whereas, several years ago, advisory votes relating to a suggested new national monu-ment designation and a wilderness designa-tion in Idaho were held in a number of poten-tially affected counties in central and east-ern Idaho, both showing over ninety percent opposition to such designations. Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, By the members of the Second Reg-ular Session of the Sixty-fourth Idaho Legisla-ture, the Senate and the House of Representa-tives concurring therein, that we oppose any new federal national monument designations or further designations of wilderness in the State of Idaho without the approval of the United States Congress and the Idaho Legis-lature; and be it further Resolved, That the Idaho congressional del-egation is urged to introduce and support legislation to oppose any new federal na-tional monument designations or further designations of wilderness in the State of Idaho without the approval of the United States Congress and the Idaho Legislature; and be it further Resolved, That any efforts to reach deci-sions regarding lands and resources of the State of Idaho administered by federal agen-cies or their designees be made through the lawful coordination process as required by the National Environmental Policy Act, the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, the National Forest Management Act, the 1982 Forest Service Planning Rule and other federal acts requiring coordination, rather than by unilateral administrative processes that exclude the residents of the State of Idaho; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and she is hereby authorized and directed to forward a copy of this Memorial to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Congress, and to the congressional delegation rep-resenting the State of Idaho in the Congress of the United States. POM–200. A joint memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Idaho urging the Department of State to support several posi-tions in negotiations with Canada regarding any modification or future implementation of the Columbia River Treaty; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. H
OUSE JOINT MEMORIAL NO. 11 Whereas, since it was implemented in 1964, the Columbia River Treaty has provided for a coordinated management of the Columbia River to reduce flooding impacts and in-crease power generation throughout the Co-lumbia River Basin; and Whereas, the treaty provides that either the United States or Canada may terminate the treaty by providing written notice at least 10 years in advance of termination; and Whereas, the U.S. and Canadian entities previously reviewed the treaty and deter-mined that the treaty should be modified; and Whereas, on December 7, 2017, the U.S. State Department issued a press release stat-ing that the United States and Canada will begin negotiations to modernize the treaty in early 2018; and Whereas, the U.S. Entity Regional Rec-ommendation of 2013 concluded that the pur-poses of a ‘‘modernized’’ treaty should be ex-panded to include consideration of ‘‘eco-system-based function’’ in addition to the original flood control and hydropower pur-poses of the treaty; and Whereas, unless otherwise agreed to, the treaty provides that, in 2024, flood control operations will automatically shift from pro-viding guaranteed flood control space in Ca-nadian reservoirs to ‘‘called upon’’ flood con-trol operations; and Whereas, the U.S. and Canadian entities have provided differing interpretations of the ‘‘called upon’’ flood control provisions, with the U.S. Entity asserting that ‘‘called upon’’ operations apply only to dams in the Columbia River Basin specifically authorized for ‘‘system-wide flood control,’’ and the Ca-nadian Entity taking the position that all U.S. storage projects in the Columbia River Basin must be utilized for system-wide flood control before Canadian reservoirs are called upon to provide any flood control space; and Whereas, altered flood control operations could have devastating impacts on reservoir storage and operation levels, irrigation, recreation, hydropower, local flood control and other authorized purposes in Idaho; and Whereas, the Canadian Entitlement, whereby the U.S. and Canadian entities share the increased power production created by coordinated river operations, has proven to be imbalanced in favor of Canada; and Whereas, including ecosystem-based func-tion in a modernized treaty could have ad-verse impacts on existing beneficial uses of the river and create greater uncertainty in a river system that is already heavily regu-lated; and Whereas, the Regional Recommendation fails to recognize the substantial investment in ecosystem-based function made by North-west region hydropower producers and their customers, including billions of dollars in-vested in fish passage and habitat efforts and the development and implementation of ro-bust environmental mitigation plans; and Whereas, navigation should be protected, and adverse flows should not impact the transportation channel or lock system oper-ations: Now, therefore, be it Resolved By the members of the Second Reg-ular Session of the Sixty-fourth Idaho Legisla-ture, the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate concurring therein, that we urge the U.S. Department of State to support the fol-lowing positions in negotiations with Canada regarding any modification or future imple-mentation of the Columbia River Treaty: (1) Recognize and protect the authorized purposes and water rights for storage projects in Idaho, including irrigation, recre-ation, hydropower and local flood control; (2) Advocate that only storage projects specifically authorized by Congress for sys-tem-wide flood control may be required to provide such benefits under the treaty, with no increased flood control burden placed on projects in Idaho; (3) Recognize a need to review and rebal-ance the Canadian Entitlement; (4) Recognize the ecosystem benefits that have already been provided by storage projects in the United States pursuant to the other federal laws and refrain from advo-cating for additional ecosystem contribu-tions from U.S. projects; (5) Recognize that ecosystem restoration, as that term has been used by some pro-ponents of modernization, is intentionally vague and if incorporated into an inter-national treaty could be used as a vehicle to override and infringe upon existing federal environmental laws and usurp state sov-ereignty over water and, therefore, require any treaty modification to preserve federal environmental protection laws and state water laws and reject any additional mitiga-tion requirement; (6) Require any treaty modification to rec-ognize the primary authority and state sov-ereignty of Idaho and its sister states over their respective water resources; (7) Reject any attempts through the treaty modification process to incorporate the re-introduction of anadromous species above Hells Canyon or Dworshak, as such efforts are outside the scope of the treaty purposes; and (8) Protect navigation so that adverse flows do not impact the transportation chan-nel or block system operations; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the House of Representatives be, and she is hereby au-thorized and directed to forward a copy of this Memorial to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives of Congress, and to the congressional delegation representing the State of Idaho in the Congress of the United States, the U.S. Department of State, the Columbia River Treaty Negotiator, the U.S. Entity Coordi-nator, Bonneville Power Administration and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
POM–201. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Wyoming com-memorating the one hundred fiftieth (150th) anniversary of the signing of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Bridger; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. E
NROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 3 Whereas, the Shoshone (eastern band) and the Bannock Tribes of Indians, presently known as the Eastern Shoshone and Sho-shone-Bannock Tribes, entered into a treaty with the United States of America on July 3, 1868 at Fort Bridger, in the Utah Territory, which is now present day Wyoming; and Whereas, each of the Tribes and the United States Government desiring for peace to con-tinue among and between themselves signed the 1868 Treaty of Fort Bridger to keep and maintain peace; and Whereas, the legacy of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Bridger has had an impact in numerous ways on the lives of Tribal members of both Tribes from generation to generation since the signing; and Whereas, members of both the Eastern Shoshone and the Shoshone-Bannock Tribes have endured difficult burdens, sometimes navigating treacherous trails in their dedi-cated effort to preserve and pass along their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.017 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2217 April 17, 2018 
physical and cultural identity, while at the same time making significant contributions to the development of the Republic; and Whereas, the Eastern Shoshone and Sho-shone-Bannock Tribes plan a sesquicenten-nial treaty reenactment ceremony at Fort Bridger State Historic Site to honor the spir-it of this area’s rich past and its First Na-tions, with celebrations open to the public on July 3, 2018, including the reenactment between the Tribes and military slated for 10:00 a.m. and dances, feasts and games throughout the day; and Whereas, Wyoming values and respects the historical and modern contributions of American Indian people, as evidenced by the 2017 passage of the American Indian Edu-cational Program Act, which will educate all Wyoming students about American Indian tribes of the region, to ensure the cultural heritage, history and contemporary con-tributions of American Indians are ad-dressed; and Whereas, the Eastern Shoshone and the Shoshone-Bannock Nations and their people continue to be integral components of Amer-ican society. Now, therefore be it Resolved, By the members of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming: Section 1.—That the Wyoming legislature commemorates the one hundred fiftieth (150th) anniversary of the signing of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Bridger by educating native and nonnative people about the Treaty and by illustrating that the Eastern Shoshone and Shoshone-Bannock Tribes continue to be significant contributors to the success of this country and its future with forward- looking, positive relationships with the United States Government and each of the several states. Section 2.—That the Wyoming legislature supports nationwide public education about the heritage, history and contributions of Native American tribes and urges the federal government to uphold its federal trust re-sponsibilities. Section 3.—That the Wyoming legislature supports permanently displaying in Wyo-ming the original 1868 Treaty of Fort Bridger, which is presently on file with the National Archives. Section 4.—That the Secretary of State of Wyoming transmit copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, the Secretary of the Interior, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate and the majority and minority leader and whip of each house, the Wyoming Con-gressional Delegation, each state governor and the business councils of the Eastern Sho-shone and Shoshone-Bannock Tribes. 
POM–202. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Wyoming com-memorating the one hundred fiftieth (150th) anniversary of the signing of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. E
NROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 1 Whereas, the area in and around what is presently known as Fort Laramie, Wyoming has served like a grand meeting hall, de-scribed by author Starley Talbott as a place ‘‘where the mountains meet the plains; where two rivers converge; where Native American tribes gathered; where fur trappers and traders rendezvoused; where emigrants met for rest and supplies; where soldiers came and went; where homesteaders linked the past to the present; and where today’s travelers come to partake in Fort Laramie’s fascinating history;’’ and Whereas, Fort Laramie and its surrounding area had been occupied by tribes of the Great Plains throughout the course of history; and Whereas, in 1812, Robert Stuart was the first non-Indian person to visit the area later known as Fort Laramie and Alfred Jacob Miller became the first artist to record the area’s landscape in 1837; and Whereas, beginning in 1841, emigrants bound for the West Coast stopped in Fort Laramie as they traveled to what would later become the Oregon, California and Mormon Trails, with westward migration peaking in the early 1850s at more than fifty thousand (50,000) people traveling these trails annually; and Whereas, the United States military pur-chased the Fort Laramie Post in 1849 and stationed soldiers to protect wagon trains, thereby establishing a social and economic center for Indians and non-Indians; and Whereas, despite efforts to secure peace be-tween Native Americans and the non-Indian emigrants and military personnel, conflicts arose, culminating in wars between Plains Tribes and the United States; and Whereas, the indigenous Nations of the northern Great Plains region entered into treaties with the United States of America in 1868 at Fort Laramie, in the Dakota Terri-tory, which is now present day Wyoming, and at other military posts in the region; and Whereas, these treaties are collectively re-garded as the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie and include the following Tribes in treaty with the United States: Treaty with the Sioux and Arapaho Brule´band of Sioux (presently ‘‘Brule Lakota’’: Lower Brule and Rosebud Reserva-tions) Ogallalah band of Sioux (presently ‘‘Oglala Lakota’’: Pine Ridge Reservation) Minneconjou band of Sioux (presently ‘‘Miniconjou Lakota’’: Cheyenne River Res-ervation) Yanktonai band of Sioux (presently ‘‘Yanktonai Dakota’’ and ‘‘Yankton’’: Stand-ing Rock, Yankton and Crow Creek Reserva-tions) Arapaho (presently ‘‘Southern Arapaho’’: headquartered in Concho, Oklahoma, Chey-enne-Arapaho Oklahoma Tribal Statistical Area) Hunkpapa band of Sioux (presently ‘‘Hunkpapa Lakota’’: Standing Rock Res-ervation) Blackfeet band of Sioux (also ‘‘Blackfoot,’’ presently ‘‘Blackfeet Lakota’’: Cheyenne River and Standing Rock Reservations) Cuthead band of Sioux (presently ‘‘Cuthead Dakota’’: Standing Rock Reservation) Two Kettle band of Sioux (presently ‘‘Two Kettle Lakota’’: Cheyenne River Reserva-tion) Sans Arc band of Sioux (presently ‘‘Sans Arc Lakota’’: Cheyenne River Reservation) Santee band of Sioux (presently ‘‘Santee Dakota’’: Santee Sioux, Flandreau, Crow Creek and Lake Traverse Reservations and the Upper Sioux, Lower Sioux, Prairie Island and Shakopee Mdewakanton Indian Commu-nities) Treaty with the Crow (Crow Reservation) Treaty with the Northern Cheyenne and Northern Arapaho (Northern Cheyenne and Wind River Reservations, respectively); and Whereas, each of the Tribes and the United States Government desiring for peace, the parties signed the 1868 Treaty of Fort Lar-amie to cease wars among the parties and bring about and maintain peace; and Whereas, the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie did not end conflict, as terms of the Treaty were broken resulting from the discovery of gold in the Black Hills, the area of Fort Lar-amie remained a supply and communications center for the United States military’s ef-forts to confine Native people onto reserva-tions; and Whereas, the United States military aban-doned Fort Laramie in 1890, and all but one (1) of the fort’s sixty (60) structures were sold at private auction and were used as pri-vate dwellings, businesses, a dance hall and livestock shelters during the fort’s home-stead period of 1890 to 1937; and Whereas, interested homesteaders, local residents and others recognized the histor-ical significance of Fort Laramie in the 1930s and the State of Wyoming acquired Fort Laramie in 1937, which eventually became a unit of the national park system in 1938; and Whereas, today, the Fort Laramie National Historic Site is open to the public and res-toration of many of the structures to their historic appearances provides visitors with a glimpse of a bygone era; and Whereas, the legacy of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie has had an impact in numer-ous ways on the lives of Tribal members of Tribes party to the Treaty from generation to generation since the signing; and Whereas, the indigenous Nations of the northern Great Plains and their people have endured difficult burdens, sometimes navi-gating treacherous trails in their dedicated effort to preserve and pass along their phys-ical and cultural identity, while at the same time making significant contributions to the development of the Republic; and Whereas, the indigenous Nations of the northern Great Plains and their people con-tinue to defend their inherent sovereignty and celebrate their cultural heritage; and Whereas, the anniversary of the signing of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie will be com-memorated throughout 2018 at the Fort Lar-amie National Historic Site to honor the spirit of this area’s rich past and its First Nations, with events from sunrise to sunset slated for April 28 and ending festivities on November 6. Throughout the anniversary year, celebrations will commemorate indi-vidual Tribe signing dates and may include traditional culture and history demonstra-tions; and Whereas, Wyoming values and respects the historical and modern contributions of American Indian people, as evidenced by the 2017 passage of the American Indian Edu-cational Program Act, which will educate all Wyoming students about American Indian tribes of the region, to ensure the cultural heritage, history and contemporary con-tributions of American Indians are ad-dressed. Now, therefore, be it Resolved, By the members of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming: Section 1.—That the Wyoming legislature commemorates the one hundred fiftieth (150th) anniversary of the signing of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie by educating people about the Treaty and history of this nation-ally significant place. Section 2.—That the Wyoming legislature supports nationwide public education about the heritage, history and contributions of Native American tribes and urges the federal government to uphold its federal trust re-sponsibilities. Section 3.—That the Wyoming legislature supports permanently displaying in Wyo-ming the original treaties that comprise the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie, which are pres-ently on file with the National Archives. Section 4.—That the Secretary of State of Wyoming transmit copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, the Secretary of the Interior, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the President Pro Tempore of the United States Senate and the majority and minority leader and whip of each house, the Wyoming Con-gressional Delegation, each state governor and the business council of each tribal na-tion that signed the 1868 Treaty of Fort Lar-amie. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.018 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2218 April 17, 2018 
POM–203. A joint memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Idaho requesting a permanent exemption from the U.S. De-partment of Transportation—Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration electronic logging devices mandate granted by which-ever means appropriate for livestock and ag-riculture commodity transporters; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. S
ENATE JOINT MEMORIAL NO. 104 Whereas, the 2012 federal transportation bill, MAP–21, mandated electronic logging devices (ELD) in commercial trucks, which were to be finalized by rule in 2015, with an implementation date of December 18, 2017, in trucks of model year 2000 and newer; and Whereas, because of the nature of the com-modities hauled and normal industry sched-uling uncertainty, livestock and agriculture commodity haulers requested exemption from this mandated transition from hand-written logbooks to the electronic log, and the United States Department of Transpor-tation (USDOT) and the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration (FMCSA) origi-nally ignored the request and agriculture commodity haulers; and Whereas, the federal mandate and rule de-creases efficiency, increases business expense and does little or nothing to improve safety in this segment of the trucking industry, and USDOT–FMCSA has not considered the spe-cial circumstances surrounding the trans-port of livestock, fish and insects, as these are the most perishable and fragile of all commodities and must be transported in the most efficient, timely and expedient manner as possible, and conformity with the ELD mandate and existing hours of services rule would result in delays off-loading and reload-ing of livestock and even the addition of a second driver on short hauls; and Whereas, infrastructure for off-loading and holding of livestock do not readily exist and, if it did, extra handling of cargo would result in added stress, weight loss, additional ex-pense and exposure to additional disease and biohazard, with no positive benefit to the animals; and Whereas, heavy machinery service vehicles often drive long distances to reach a job site and remain at the location long enough to exceed the 14-hour service day thereby re-quiring either an additional driver or an overnight stay near the job site and subse-quently decreasing efficiency and increasing business expense; and Whereas, highway safety is also a primary consideration, and livestock transporters were involved in a statistically insignificant number of accidents (0.004%) according to the ‘‘Large Truck Crash Causation Study’’ published by the FMCSA and the National Highway Safety Institute and 0.7% of fatal accidents per the ‘‘Trucks Involved in Fatal Accidents Factbook 2005’’ published by the Transportation Research Institute; and Whereas, mandated ELDs engage when the truck’s motor is started. The devices provide the operator no discretion in determining ‘‘on-duty’’ and ‘‘off-duty’’ time. Large, over- the-road commercial truck fleets support the ELD mandate because they are better able to absorb related costs and are subject to well- defined schedules; and Whereas, paper logs allow the driver this determination. Because many livestock and agriculture commodity haulers are small and independently owned businesses, manda-tory ELD use will result in increased live-stock handling, more downtime, increased expenses, and lower net revenues to pro-ducers and trucking firms and small truck-ing companies forced out of business. The ELD mandate is impractical because USDOT–FMCSA did not consider normal delays that are encountered when dealing with livestock and other agriculture com-modities; and Whereas, in September 2017, seven national agriculture commodity organizations and other agriculture-related organizations re-quested a waiver from the rule, which was granted and will be in effect until March 18, 2018. Section 132, Exemption from Require-ment for Electronic Logging Device, is con-tained in the FY18 federal Transportation, Housing and Urban Development (THUD) bill funding to implement the ELD mandate in FY18, and this language was signed by all members of Idaho’ s congressional delega-tion, and legislation was introduced in 2017 in the United States House of Representa-tives to make a livestock/agriculture com-modity exemption permanent; and Whereas, the federal mandate and rule is difficult to implement, increases cost, lowers efficiency, imposes an unfunded mandate, creates economic and regulatory hardship for small business and does not consider the special needs of certain segments of the trucking industry: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, By the members of the Second Reg-ular Session of the Sixty-fourth Idaho Legisla-ture, the Senate and the House of Representa-tives concurring therein, that we request a permanent exemption from the USDOT– FMCSA ELD mandate granted by whichever means appropriate for livestock and agri-culture commodity transporters; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and she is hereby authorized and directed to forward a copy of this Memorial to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Congress, and to the congressional delegation rep-resenting the State of Idaho in the Congress of the United States, the United States De-partment of Transportation and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
POM–204. A resolution approved by the Mayor and City Council of the City of Rice Lake, Wisconsin, supporting the passage of an amendment to the United States Con-stitution stating: only human beings are en-dowed with Constitutional rights-not cor-porations, unions, non-profits or other artifi-cial entities; and money is not speech, and therefore regulating political contributions and spending is not equivalent to limiting political speech; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MANCHIN: S. 2681. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for coal-powered electric generation units; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 2682. A bill to establish a student loan forgiveness plan for certain borrowers who are employed at a qualified farm or ranch; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 2683. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to impose a mileage-based user fee for mobile mounted concrete boom pumps in lieu of the tax on taxable fuels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. INHOFE ): S. 2684. A bill to establish a Federal stu-dent loan restructured repayment schedule for certain borrowers who are agricultural producers; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 2685. A bill to modify certain require-ments for farm ownership loan eligibility; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. PERDUE: S. 2686. A bill to require Federal agencies to issue appropriate identification for the carrying of concealed firearms by qualified law enforcement officers and qualified re-tired law enforcement officers; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2687. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the in-dividual tax provisions of the tax reform law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 2688. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the indexing of certain assets for purposes of determining gain or loss; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. R OBERTS ): S. 2689. A bill to provide a taxpayer bill of rights for small businesses; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Ms. S
TABE -
NOW, Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. N ELSON ): S. 2690. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit review of cer-tain Medicare payment determinations for disproportionate share hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 2691. A bill to hold pharmaceutical com-panies accountable for illegal marketing and distribution of opioid products and for their role in creating and exacerbating the opioid epidemic in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MANCHIN: S. Res. 470. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that electricity markets do not appropriately value the reliability and resilience attributes of baseload power generation serving the bulk power system; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. Res. 471. A resolution designating March 29, 2018, as ‘‘Vietnam Veterans Day’’; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. H ELL-
ER): S. Res. 472. A resolution designating April 5, 2018, as ‘‘Gold Star Wives Day’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 66 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Delaware 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.025 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2219 April 17, 2018 
(Mr. C OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 66, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 515, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly avail-able list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require dis-closure of the physical location of busi-ness agents engaging in customer serv-ice communications, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1719 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1719, a bill to eliminate duties on imports of recreational performance outerwear, to establish the Sustainable Textile and Apparel Research Fund, and for other purposes. 
S. 1989 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1989, a bill to enhance trans-parency and accountability for online political advertisements by requiring those who purchase and publish such ads to disclose information about the advertisements to the public, and for other purposes. 
S. 2047 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2047, a bill to restrict the use of funds for kinetic military operations in North Korea. 
S. 2124 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2124, a bill to ensure the privacy and security of sensitive personal in-formation, to prevent and mitigate identity theft, to provide notice of se-curity breaches involving sensitive per-sonal information, and to enhance law enforcement assistance and for other protections against security breaches, fraudulent access, and misuse of per-sonal information. 
S. 2271 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2271, a bill to reauthorize the Mu-seum and Library Services Act. 
S. 2540 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. WICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2540, a bill to provide predict-ability and certainty in the tax law, create jobs, and encourage investment. 
S. 2555 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2555, a bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to establish the Dairy Farm Sustainability Price Loss Coverage Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to provide ad-vanced notice to Congress before changing any questions on the decen-nial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2639 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2639, a bill to require the Federal Trade Commission to establish privacy protections for customers of online edge providers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2642 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2642, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to establish a pilot program for Jobs Plus Recovery pro-grams, and for other purposes. 
S. 2663 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2663, a bill to modify and im-prove provisions relating to environ-mental requirements for agriculture and agricultural producers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, a bill to ad-dress the opioid crisis. At the request of Mrs. M
URRAY , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Sen-ator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, supra. 
S.J. RES. 57 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) were added as co-sponsors of S.J. Res. 57, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’. S. RES. 459 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 459, a resolution recognizing ‘‘Black Maternal Health Week’’ to bring national attention to the maternal health care crisis in the Black community and the importance of reducing the rate of maternal mor-tality and morbidity among Black women. 
S. RES. 460 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 460, a resolution condemning Boko Haram and calling on the Governments of the United States of America and Nigeria to swiftly implement measures to de-feat the terrorist organization. 
S. RES. 463 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 463, a resolution authorizing a Senator to bring a young son or daugh-ter of the Senator onto the floor of the Senate during votes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. R OBERTS ): S. 2689. A bill to provide a taxpayer bill of rights for small businesses; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2689 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Modification of standards for award-ing of costs and certain fees. Sec. 3. Civil damages allowed for reckless or intentional disregard of inter-nal revenue laws. Sec. 4. Modifications relating to certain of-fenses by officers and employ-ees in connection with revenue laws. Sec. 5. Modifications relating to civil dam-ages for unauthorized inspec-tion or disclosure of returns and return information. Sec. 6. Ban on ex parte discussions. Sec. 7. Right to independent conference. Sec. 8. Alternative dispute resolution proce-dures. Sec. 9. Increase in monetary penalties for certain unauthorized disclo-sures of information. Sec. 10. Ban on raising new issues on appeal. Sec. 11. Limitation on enforcement of liens against principal residences. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.022 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2220 April 17, 2018 
Sec. 12. Additional provisions relating to mandatory termination for misconduct. Sec. 13. Review by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion. Sec. 14. Deduction for expenses relating to certain audits. Sec. 15. Term limit for National Taxpayer Advocate. Sec. 16. Release of IRS levy due to economic hardship for business taxpayers. Sec. 17. Repeal of partial payment require-ment on submissions of offers- in-compromise. 
SEC. 2. MODIFICATION OF STANDARDS FOR AWARDING OF COSTS AND CERTAIN FEES. 
(a) S MALL BUSINESSES ELIGIBLE WITHOUT  R
EGARD TO NETWORTH .—Subparagraph (D) of section 7430(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (i)(II), by striking the pe-riod at the end of clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) in the case of an eligible small busi-ness, the net worth limitation in clause (ii) of such section shall not apply.’’. (b) E
LIGIBLE SMALL BUSINESS .—Paragraph (4) of section 7430(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) E
LIGIBLE SMALL BUSINESS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (D)(iii), the term ‘eligible small busi-ness’ means, with respect to any proceeding commenced in a taxable year— ‘‘(I) a corporation the stock of which is not publicly traded, ‘‘(II) a partnership, or ‘‘(III) a sole proprietorship, if the average annual gross receipts of such corporation, partnership, or sole proprietor-ship for the 3-taxable-year period preceding such taxable year does not exceed $50,000,000. For purposes of applying the test under the preceding sentence, rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 448(c) shall apply. ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any calendar year after 2018, the $50,000,000 amount in clause (i) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $500, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $500..’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to pro-ceedings commenced after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. CIVIL DAMAGES ALLOWED FOR RECK-LESS OR INTENTIONAL DISREGARD OF INTERNAL REVENUE LAWS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN AMOUNT OF DAMAGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7433(b) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$1,000,000 ($100,000, in the case of negligence)’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 ($500,000, in the case of negligence)’’. (2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Section 7433 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any calendar year after 2018, the $5,000,000 and $500,000 amounts in subsection (b) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(2) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $500, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $500.’’. (b) EXTENSION OF TIMETOBRING ACTION .— Section 7433(d)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to actions of employees of the Internal Revenue Service after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. MODIFICATIONS RELATING TO CERTAIN OFFENSES BY OFFICERS AND EM-PLOYEES IN CONNECTION WITH REVENUE LAWS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN PENALTY .—Section 7214 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ in subsection (a) and inserting ‘‘$25,000’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ in subsection (b) and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Section 7214 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by re-designating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any calendar year after 2018, the $25,000 amount in subsection (a) and the $10,000 amount in subsection (b) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(2) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. MODIFICATIONS RELATING TO CIVIL DAMAGES FOR UNAUTHORIZED IN-SPECTION OR DISCLOSURE OF RE-TURNS AND RETURN INFORMATION. 
(a) I NCREASE IN AMOUNT OF DAMAGES .—Sub- paragraph (A) of section 7431(c)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$1,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Section 7431 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any calendar year after 2018, the $10,000 amount in subsection (c)(1)(A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(2) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (c) P
ERIOD FOR BRINGING ACTION .—Sub- section (d) of section 7431 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to inspec-tions and disclosure occurring on and after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6. BAN ON EX PARTE DISCUSSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 1001(a)(4) of the Internal Revenue Service Re-structuring and Reform Act of 1998, the In-ternal Revenue Service shall prohibit any ex parte communications between officers in the Internal Revenue Service Office of Ap-peals and other Internal Revenue Service employees with respect to any matter pend-ing before such officers. (b) TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT FOR MIS-
CONDUCT .—Subject to subsection (c), the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall ter-minate the employment of any employee of the Internal Revenue Service if there is a final administrative or judicial determina-tion that such employee committed any act or omission prohibited under subsection (a) in the performance of the employee’s official duties. Such termination shall be a removal for cause on charges of misconduct. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF COMMISSIONER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of In-ternal Revenue may take a personnel action other than termination for an act prohibited under subsection (a). (2) D
ISCRETION .—The exercise of authority under paragraph (1) shall be at the sole dis-cretion of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-enue and may not be delegated to any other officer. At the sole discretion of the Commis-sioner of Internal Revenue, such Commis-sioner may establish a procedure which will be used to determine whether an individual should be referred to the Commissioner of In-ternal Revenue for a determination by the Commissioner under paragraph (1). (3) N
O APPEAL .—Any determination of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue under this subsection may not be appealed in any administrative or judicial proceeding. (d) TIGTA R
EPORTING OF TERMINATION OR  M
ITIGATION .—Section 7803(d)(1)(E) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘or section 6 of the Small Business Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act of 2018’’ after ‘‘1998’’. 
SEC. 7. RIGHT TO INDEPENDENT CONFERENCE. 
Section 1001 of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and by inserting after sub-section (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) R
IGHT TO INDEPENDENT CONFERENCE .— Under the organization plan of the Internal Revenue Service, a taxpayer shall have the right to a conference with the Internal Rev-enue Service Office of Appeals which does not include personnel from the Office of Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Serv-ice or the compliance functions of the Inter-nal Revenue Service unless the taxpayer spe-cifically consents to the participation of such personnel.’’. 
SEC. 8. ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7123 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF DISPUTE RESOLU -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The procedures pre-scribed under subsection (b)(1) and the pilot program established under subsection (b)(2) shall provide that a taxpayer may request mediation or arbitration in any case unless the Secretary has specifically excluded the type of issue involved in such case or the class of cases to which such case belongs as not appropriate for resolution under such subsection. The Secretary shall make any determination that excludes a type of issue or a class of cases public within 5 working days and provide an explanation for each de-termination. ‘‘(2) I
NDEPENDENT MEDIATORS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The procedures pre-scribed under subsection (b)(1) shall provide the taxpayer an opportunity to elect to have the mediation conducted by an independent, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.027 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2221 April 17, 2018 
neutral individual not employed by the In-ternal Revenue Service Office of Appeals. ‘‘(B) C
OST AND SELECTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any taxpayer making an election under subparagraph (A) shall be re-quired— ‘‘(I) to share the costs of such independent mediator equally with the Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals, and ‘‘(II) to limit the selection of the mediator to a roster of recognized national or local neutral mediators. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i)(I) shall not apply to any taxpayer who is an individual or who was a small business in the preceding calendar year if such taxpayer had an ad-justed gross income that did not exceed 250 percent of the poverty level, as determined in accordance with criteria established by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in the taxable year preceding the request. ‘‘(iii) S
MALL BUSINESS .—For purposes of clause (ii), the term ‘small business’ has the meaning given such term under section 41(b)(3)(D)(iii). ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF PROCESS .—The proce-dures prescribed under subsection (b)(1) and the pilot program established under sub-section (b)(2) shall provide the opportunity to elect mediation or arbitration at the time when the case is first filed with the Office of Appeals and at any time before deliberations in the appeal commence.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 9. INCREASE IN MONETARY PENALTIES FOR CERTAIN UNAUTHORIZED DISCLO-SURES OF INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of section 7213(a) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 are each amended by strik-ing ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Sub- section (a) of section 7213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any calendar year after 2018, the $10,000 amounts in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to disclo-sures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 10. BAN ON RAISING NEW ISSUES ON AP-PEAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7529. PROHIBITION ON INTERNAL REV-ENUE SERVICE RAISING NEW ISSUES IN AN INTERNAL APPEAL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In reviewing an appeal of any determination initially made by the Internal Revenue Service, the Internal Rev-enue Service Office of Appeals may not con-sider or decide any issue that is not within the scope of the initial determination. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN ISSUES DEEMED OUTSIDE OF  S
COPE OF DETERMINATION .—For purposes of subsection (a), the following matters shall be considered to be not within the scope of a de-termination: ‘‘(1) Any issue that was not raised in a no-tice of deficiency or an examiner’s report which is the subject of the appeal. ‘‘(2) Any deficiency in tax which was not included in the initial determination. ‘‘(3) Any theory or justification for a tax deficiency which was not considered in the initial determination. ‘‘(c) NOINFERENCE WITHRESPECT TO ISSUES  R
AISED BY TAXPAYERS .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to provide any limi-tation in addition to any limitations in ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this sec-tion on the right of a taxpayer to raise an issue, theory, or justification on an appeal from a determination initially made by the Internal Revenue Service that was not with-in the scope of the initial determination.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7529. Prohibition on Internal Revenue Service raising new issues in an internal appeal.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to matters filed or pending with the Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11. LIMITATION ON ENFORCEMENT OF LIENS AGAINST PRINCIPAL RESI-DENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7403(a) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In any case’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In any case’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION WITH RESPECT TO PRINCIPAL  
RESIDENCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any property used as the principal residence of the taxpayer (within the mean-ing of section 121) unless the Secretary of the Treasury makes a written determination that— ‘‘(i) all other property of the taxpayer, if sold, is insufficient to pay the tax or dis-charge the liability, and ‘‘(ii) such action will not create an eco-nomic hardship for the taxpayer. ‘‘(B) D
ELEGATION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the Secretary of the Treasury may not delegate any responsibilities under subparagraph (A) to any person other than— ‘‘(i) the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or ‘‘(ii) a district director or assistant district director of the Internal Revenue Service.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to actions filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 12. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO MANDATORY TERMINATION FOR MISCONDUCT. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF UNEMPLOYMENT FOR IN-
APPROPRIATE REVIEW OF TAX-EXEMPT STA-
TUS.—Section 1203(b) of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (26 U.S.C. 7804 note) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (10) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(11) in the case of any review of an appli-cation for tax-exempt status by an organiza-tion described in section 501(c) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, developing or using any methodology that applies dispropor-tionate scrutiny to any applicant based on the ideology expressed in the name or pur-pose of the organization.’’. (b) M
ANDATORY UNPAID ADMINISTRATIVE  L
EAVE FOR MISCONDUCT .—Paragraph (1) of section 1203(c) of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (26 U.S.C. 7804 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Notwith-standing the preceding sentence, if the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue takes a per-sonnel action other than termination for an act or omission described in subsection (b), the Commissioner shall place the employee on unpaid administrative leave for a period of not less than 90 days.’’. (c) LIMITATION ON ALTERNATIVE PUNISH -
MENT .—Paragraph (1) of section 1203(c) of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (26 U.S.C. 7804 note) is amended by striking ‘‘The Commissioner’’ and inserting ‘‘Except in the case of an act or omission described in subsection (b)(3)(A), the Commissioner’’. 
SEC. 13. REVIEW BY THE TREASURY INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR TAX ADMINISTRA-TION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Subsection (k)(1) of section 8D of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E), (3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) shall— ‘‘(i) review any criteria employed by the Internal Revenue Service to select tax re-turns (including applications for recognition of tax-exempt status) for examination or audit, assessment or collection of defi-ciencies, criminal investigation or referral, refunds for amounts paid, or any heightened scrutiny or review in order to determine whether the criteria discriminates against taxpayers on the basis of race, religion, or political ideology; and ‘‘(ii) consult with the Internal Revenue Service on recommended amendments to such criteria in order to eliminate any dis-crimination identified pursuant to the re-view described in clause (i); and’’, and (4) in subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(C), and (D)’’. (b) S
EMIANNUAL REPORT .—Subsection (g) of section 8D of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Any semiannual report made by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Adminis-tration that is required pursuant to section 5(a) shall include— ‘‘(A) a statement affirming that the Treas-ury Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion has reviewed the criteria described in subsection (k)(1)(D) and consulted with the Internal Revenue Service regarding such cri-teria; and ‘‘(B) a description and explanation of any such criteria that was identified as discrimi-natory by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration.’’. 
SEC. 14. DEDUCTION FOR EXPENSES RELATING TO CERTAIN AUDITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 62 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(22) E
XPENSES RELATING TO CERTAIN AU -
DITS.—The deduction allowed by section 224.’’. (b) D
EDUCTION FOR EXPENSES RELATING TO  C
ERTAIN AUDITS .—Part VII of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating section 224 as section 225 and by inserting after section 223 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 224. EXPENSES RELATING TO CERTAIN AU-DITS. 
‘‘(a) A LLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION .—In the case of an individual, there shall be allowed as a deduction for the taxable year an amount equal to so much of the qualified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.027 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2222 April 17, 2018 
NRP expenses paid or incurred during the taxable year as does not exceed $5,000. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFIED NRP E XPENSES .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘qualified NRP expenses’ means amounts which but for subsection (d) would be allowed as a deduc-tion under section 162 or 212(3) in connection with an audit of the taxpayer’s return of the tax imposed by this chapter for any taxable year under the National Research Program, but only if such audit results in no increase in the tax liability of the taxpayer for such taxable year. ‘‘(c) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—No de- duction shall be allowed under any other provision of this chapter for any amount for which a deduction is allowed under this sec-tion.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part VII of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the item relating to section 224 and by inserting after the item relating to section 223 the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 224. Expenses relating to certain au-dits. ‘‘Sec. 225. Cross reference.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 15. TERM LIMIT FOR NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVOCATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-tion 7803(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(v) T
ERM.—The term of the National Tax-payer Advocate shall be a 10-year term, be-ginning with a term to commence on the date which is 18 months after the date of the enactment of the Small Business Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act of 2018. Each subsequent term shall begin on the day after the date on which the previous term expires. The Na-tional Taxpayer Advocate may be appointed to serve more than 1 term.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The term of any indi-vidual serving as the National Taxpayer Ad-vocate under section 7803(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as of the date of the en-actment of this Act shall end as of the day before the date which is 18 months after such date of enactment, unless such individual is reappointed as the National Taxpayer Advo-cate for a subsequent term pursuant to sec-tion 7803(c)(1)(B)(v) of such Code. 
SEC. 16. RELEASE OF IRS LEVY DUE TO ECO-NOMIC HARDSHIP FOR BUSINESS TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (D) of sec-tion 6343(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ and in-serting ‘‘including the financial condition of the taxpayer’s viable trade or business, or’’. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF ECONOMIC HARD-
SHIP.—Subsection (a) of section 6343 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) D
ETERMINATION OF ECONOMIC HARDSHIP  
TO BUSINESS TAXPAYER .—In determining whether to release any levy under paragraph (1)(D), the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) the economic viability of the busi-ness, ‘‘(B) the nature and extent of the hardship created by the levy (including whether the taxpayer has exercised ordinary business care and prudence), and ‘‘(C) the potential harm to individuals if the business is liquidated.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to levies made after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 17. REPEAL OF PARTIAL PAYMENT RE-QUIREMENT ON SUBMISSIONS OF OFFERS-IN-COMPROMISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7122 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (c) and by redesignating subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f), respectively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Paragraph (3) of section 7122(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as redesig-nated by subsection (a), is amended by in-serting ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (B) and inserting a period, and by striking subparagraph (C). (2) Section 7122 of such Code, as amended by this section, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) A
PPLICATION OF USER FEE.—In the case of any assessed tax or other amounts imposed under this title with respect to such tax which is the subject of an offer-in-com-promise, such tax or other amounts shall be reduced by any user fee imposed under this title with respect to such offer-in-com-promise.’’. (3) Section 6159(g) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘section 7122(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7122(d)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to offers-in- compromise submitted after the date of the enactment of this Act. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 470—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT ELECTRICITY MARKETS DO NOT APPRO-PRIATELY VALUE THE RELI-ABILITY AND RESILIENCE AT-TRIBUTES OF BASELOAD POWER GENERATION SERVING THE BULK POWER SYSTEM Mr. MANCHIN submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources: 
S. R ES. 470 Whereas the power generation resource mix of the United States is rapidly changing, presenting ongoing challenges to ensuring that baseload units remain operational and provide enhanced resilience and reliability to the power grid of the United States; Whereas many baseload units are not ap-propriately valued for the resilience and reli-ability attributes those units provide to the power grid of the United States; Whereas accelerated retirements of coal- fired and nuclear baseload power generation resources are among those challenges, in-cluding how those resources are needed— (1) to provide dependable capacity to serve customers; (2) to support essential grid services, such as voltage and frequency support and ramping capability; (3) to offer high availability and reliability from significant on-site fuel storage; and (4) to support integration of new genera-tion resources; and Whereas in Docket Numbers RM18-000-001 and AD18-7-001, and in other proceedings, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has compiled extensive evidence documenting the reliability and resilience attributes of all power generation resources: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission should take action to ensure that the electricity markets fully recognize the reliability and resilience benefits of coal- fired and nuclear baseload power generation resources serving the bulk power system. f SENATE RESOLUTION 471—DESIG-NATING MARCH 29, 2018, AS ‘‘VIETNAM VETERANS DAY’’ Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 471 Whereas the Vietnam War was fought in the Republic of Vietnam from 1955 to 1975 and involved regular forces from the Demo-cratic Republic of Vietnam and Viet Cong guerrilla forces in armed conflict with the United States Armed Forces, the armed forces of allies of the United States, and the armed forces of the Republic of Vietnam; Whereas the United States Armed Forces became involved in Vietnam because the United States Government wanted to provide direct support by the Armed Forces to the Government of the Republic of Vietnam to defend against the growing threat of Com-munism from the Democratic Republic of Vietnam; Whereas members of the United States Armed Forces began serving in an advisory role to the Government of South Vietnam in 1955; Whereas as a result of the Gulf of Tonkin incidents on August 2 and 4, 1964, Congress overwhelmingly passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution (Public Law 88–408) on August 7, 1964, which provided to the President of the United States the authority to use armed force to assist the Republic of Vietnam in the defense of its freedom against the Demo-cratic Republic of Vietnam; Whereas, in 1965, United States Armed Forces ground combat units arrived in the Republic of Vietnam to join an already present 23,000 United States Armed Forces personnel; Whereas, by September 1965, there were be-tween 150,000 and 190,000 United States Armed Forces troops in Vietnam, and by 1969, a peak number of United States Armed Forces troops in Vietnam of approximately 549,500 troops was reached, including United States Armed Forces members supporting the combat operations from Thailand, Cam-bodia, Laos, and aboard Navy vessels; Whereas, on January 27, 1973, the Agree-ment on Ending the War in Vietnam and Re-storing Peace (commonly known as the ‘‘Paris Peace Accords’’) was signed, which re-quired the release of all United States pris-oners-of-war held in North Vietnam and the withdrawal of all United States Armed Forces from South Vietnam; Whereas, on March 29, 1973, the United States Armed Forces completed the with-drawal of combat units and combat support units from South Vietnam; Whereas, on April 30, 1975, North Viet-namese regular forces captured Saigon, the capital of South Vietnam, effectively placing South Vietnam under Communist control; Whereas more than 58,000 members of the United States Armed Forces lost their lives in the Vietnam War, and more than 300,000 members of the United States Armed Forces were wounded in Vietnam; Whereas, in 1982, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial was dedicated in the District of Columbia to commemorate the members of the United States Armed Forces who died or were declared missing-in-action in Vietnam; Whereas the Vietnam War was an ex-tremely divisive issue among the people of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.027 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2223 April 17, 2018 
the United States and a conflict that caused a generation of veterans to wait too long for the United States public to acknowledge and honor the efforts and services of those vet-erans; Whereas members of the United States Armed Forces who served bravely and faith-fully for the United States during the Viet-nam War were often wrongly criticized for the decisions of policymakers that were be-yond the control of those members of the United States Armed Forces; and Whereas designating March 29, 2018, as ‘‘Vietnam Veterans Day’’ would be an appro-priate way to honor the members of the United States Armed Forces who served in South Vietnam and throughout Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates March 29, 2018, as ‘‘Vietnam Veterans Day’’; (2) honors and recognizes the contributions of veterans who served in the United States Armed Forces in Vietnam during war and during peace; (3) encourages States and local govern-ments to designate March 29, 2018, as ‘‘Viet-nam Veterans Day’’; and (4) encourages the people of the United States to observe Vietnam Veterans Day with appropriate ceremonies and activities that— (A) provide the appreciation that veterans of the Vietnam War deserve; (B) demonstrate the resolve that the peo-ple of the United States shall never forget the sacrifices and service of a generation of veterans who served in the Vietnam War; (C) promote awareness of the faithful serv-ice and contributions of the veterans of the Vietnam War— (i) during service in the United States Armed Forces; and (ii) to the communities of the veterans since returning home; (D) promote awareness of the importance of entire communities empowering veterans and the families of veterans in helping the veterans readjust to civilian life after serv-ice in the United States Armed Forces; and (E) promote opportunities for veterans of the Vietnam War— (i) to assist younger veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan in re-habilitation from wounds, both seen and un-seen; and (ii) to support the reintegration of younger veterans into civilian life. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 472—DESIG-NATING APRIL 5, 2018, AS ‘‘GOLD STAR WIVES DAY’’ Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 472 Whereas the Senate honors the sacrifices made by the spouses and families of the fall-en members of the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. represents the spouses and families of the members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States who have died on active duty or as a result of a service-connected dis-ability; Whereas the primary mission of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. is to provide services, support, and friendship to the spouses of the fallen members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas, in 1945, Gold Star Wives of Amer-ica, Inc. was organized with the help of Elea-nor Roosevelt to assist the families left be-hind by the fallen members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas the first meeting of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. was held on April 5, 1945; Whereas April 5, 2018, marks the 73rd anni-versary of the first meeting of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc.; Whereas the members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States bear the burden of protecting the freedom of the peo-ple of the United States; and Whereas the sacrifices of the families of the fallen members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States should never be forgotten: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates April 5, 2018, as ‘‘Gold Star Wives Day’’; (2) honors and recognizes— (A) the contributions of the members of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc.; and (B) the dedication of the members of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. to the members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe Gold Star Wives Day to promote awareness of— (A) the contributions and dedication of the members of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. to the members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (B) the important role that Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. plays in the lives of the spouses and families of the fallen mem-bers and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2238. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. H ASSAN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1281, to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2238. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. H
ASSAN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1281, to establish a bug boun-ty pilot program within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 8, line 21, strike ‘‘90 days’’ and in-sert ‘‘180 days’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 17, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Admiral Philip S. Davidson, USN, for reappoint-ment to the grade of admiral and to be Commander, United States Pacific Command, and General Terrence J. O’Shaughnessy, USAF, for reappoint-ment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States Northern Command, and Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Com-mand, both of the Department of De-fense. COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 17, 2018, at 10 a.m to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Thelma Drake, of Vir-ginia, to be Federal Transit Adminis-trator, Department of Transportation, Jeffrey Nadaner, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, and Seth Daniel Appleton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the nomi-nation of Karl L. Schultz, to be Admi-ral and to be Commandant of the Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, April 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘U.S. Policy in Yemen.’’ 
SUBCOMMITEE ON SEAPOWER  
The Subcommitee on Seapower of the Committee on Armed Services is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, April 17, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the ma-jority leader, pursuant to Public Law 70–770, the appointment of the fol-lowing individual to the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission: the Honorable J
OHNN. B OOZMAN of Arkan-sas. 
f 
HACK THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 335, S. 1281. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1281) to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP6.033 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2224 April 17, 2018 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hack the De-partment of Homeland Security Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘Hack DHS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY BUG BOUNTY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
UG BOUNTY PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘bug bounty program’’ means a program under which an approved individual, organization, or com-pany is temporarily authorized to identify and report vulnerabilities of Internet-facing infor-mation technology of the Department in ex-change for compensation. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Security. (3) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘in-formation technology’’ has the meaning given the term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (4) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the bug bounty pilot program re-quired to be established under subsection (b)(1). (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish, within the Office of the Chief Information Officer, a bug bounty pilot program to minimize vulnerabilities of Internet-facing in-formation technology of the Department. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the pilot program, the Secretary shall— (A) provide compensation for reports of pre-viously unidentified security vulnerabilities within the websites, applications, and other Internet-facing information technology of the Department that are accessible to the public; (B) award a competitive contract to an entity, as necessary, to manage the pilot program and for executing the remediation of vulnerabilities identified as a consequence of the pilot program; (C) designate mission-critical operations with-in the Department that should be excluded from the pilot program; (D) consult with the Attorney General on how to ensure that approved individuals, organiza-tions, or companies that comply with the re-quirements of the pilot program are protected from prosecution under section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, and similar provisions of law for specific activities authorized under the pilot program; (E) consult with the relevant offices at the De-partment of Defense that were responsible for launching the 2016 ‘‘Hack the Pentagon’’ pilot program and subsequent Department of Defense bug bounty programs; (F) develop an expeditious process by which an approved individual, organization, or com-pany can register with the entity described in subparagraph (B), submit to a background check as determined by the Department, and re-ceive a determination as to eligibility for partici-pation in the pilot program; and (G) engage qualified interested persons, in-cluding non-government sector representatives, about the structure of the pilot program as con-structive and to the extent practicable. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the pilot program is completed, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program, which shall include— (1) the number of approved individuals, orga-nizations, or companies involved in the pilot program, broken down by the number of ap-proved individuals, organizations, or companies that— (A) registered; (B) were approved; (C) submitted security vulnerabilities; and (D) received compensation; (2) the number and severity of vulnerabilities reported as part of the pilot program; (3) the number of previously unidentified se-curity vulnerabilities remediated as a result of the pilot program; (4) the current number of outstanding pre-viously unidentified security vulnerabilities and Department remediation plans; (5) the average length of time between the re-porting of security vulnerabilities and remedi-ation of the vulnerabilities; (6) the types of compensation provided under the pilot program; and (7) the lessons learned from the pilot program. (d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department $250,000 for fiscal year 2018 to carry out this Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Has-san amendment be considered and agreed to, the committee-reported sub-stitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2238) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 8, line 21, strike ‘‘90 days’’ and in-sert ‘‘180 days’’. 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 1281), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 1281 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hack the Department of Homeland Security Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘Hack DHS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY BUG BOUNTY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
UG BOUNTY PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘bug bounty program’’ means a program under which an approved individual, organization, or company is temporarily authorized to identify and report vulnerabilities of Inter-net-facing information technology of the De-partment in exchange for compensation. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (3) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given the term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (4) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the bug bounty pilot program required to be established under subsection (b)(1). (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish, within the Office of the Chief Information Officer, a bug boun-ty pilot program to minimize vulnerabilities of Internet-facing information technology of the Department. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the pilot program, the Secretary shall— (A) provide compensation for reports of previously unidentified security vulnerabilities within the websites, applica-tions, and other Internet-facing information technology of the Department that are ac-cessible to the public; (B) award a competitive contract to an en-tity, as necessary, to manage the pilot pro-gram and for executing the remediation of vulnerabilities identified as a consequence of the pilot program; (C) designate mission-critical operations within the Department that should be ex-cluded from the pilot program; (D) consult with the Attorney General on how to ensure that approved individuals, or-ganizations, or companies that comply with the requirements of the pilot program are protected from prosecution under section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, and simi-lar provisions of law for specific activities authorized under the pilot program; (E) consult with the relevant offices at the Department of Defense that were responsible for launching the 2016 ‘‘Hack the Pentagon’’ pilot program and subsequent Department of Defense bug bounty programs; (F) develop an expeditious process by which an approved individual, organization, or company can register with the entity de-scribed in subparagraph (B), submit to a background check as determined by the De-partment, and receive a determination as to eligibility for participation in the pilot pro-gram; and (G) engage qualified interested persons, in-cluding non-government sector representa-tives, about the structure of the pilot pro-gram as constructive and to the extent prac-ticable. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the pilot program is com-pleted, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives a re-port on the pilot program, which shall in-clude— (1) the number of approved individuals, or-ganizations, or companies involved in the pilot program, broken down by the number of approved individuals, organizations, or companies that— (A) registered; (B) were approved; (C) submitted security vulnerabilities; and (D) received compensation; (2) the number and severity of vulnerabilities reported as part of the pilot program; (3) the number of previously unidentified security vulnerabilities remediated as a re-sult of the pilot program; (4) the current number of outstanding pre-viously unidentified security vulnerabilities and Department remediation plans; (5) the average length of time between the reporting of security vulnerabilities and re-mediation of the vulnerabilities; (6) the types of compensation provided under the pilot program; and (7) the lessons learned from the pilot pro-gram. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department $250,000 for fiscal year 2018 to carry out this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.034 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2225 April 17, 2018 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VIETNAM VETERANS DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 471, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 471) designating March 29, 2018, as ‘‘Vietnam Veterans Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the resolu-tion. The resolution (S. Res. 471) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GOLD STAR WIVES DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 472, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 472) designating April 5, 2018, as ‘‘Gold Star Wives Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 472) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 18; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. I further ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of S.J. Res. 57, with the time until 12 noon equally divided between the managers or their des-ignees; further, I ask that at 12 noon tomorrow, the Senate vote on passage of S.J. Res. 57, and that if passed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; finally, notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote with respect to the House message to accompany S. 140 occur following disposition of S.J. Res. 57. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator T
HUNE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from South Dakota. 
f 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I want to speak today to the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2017, of which I am a cosponsor. As chairman of the Com-merce Committee, which has jurisdic-tion over the Coast Guard, I am proud that we were able to bring this impor-tant bipartisan legislation, which was originally introduced by Senator S
UL-
LIVAN , to the floor today for consider-ation. The bill that we are debating will increase our national security, protect our maritime industry, in-crease safety for the boating public, and provide consistency for those who depend on the water for their daily work. As anyone impacted by the 2017 hur-ricane season will tell you, the Coast Guard plays a vitally important role in our Nation’s first response efforts. Equally critical is the Coast Guard’s role as a member of our U.S. military. Coast Guard women and men protect our waterways, defend our shores, interdict contraband, arrest human traffickers, guarantee the free move-ment of commerce, and ensure the stewardship of our national resources. On any given day, the Coast Guard responds to an average of 45 search and rescue missions, seizes 1,500 pounds of drugs, interdicts 17 illegal migrants, conducts 16 security boardings, and fa-cilitates the movement of $12.6 billion worth of goods. These professionals do their job without seeking recognition or acknowledgement. It often goes overlooked that our coastguardsmen are serving across every ocean and on every continent, including Antarctica. They serve across the Middle East, in-cluding in both Iraq and Afghanistan. They help protect our Navy’s ships, de-fend against pirates, and ensure our strategic ports remain open. This legislation provides the Coast Guard the authority to better carry out those missions, including defending our critical ballistic submarines when they are surfaced and at their most vulnerable. In one way or another, the Coast Guard affects every American, even in my home State of South Da-kota. We may not have a coastline, but the work of the Coast Guard helps fa-cilitate the export of agricultural prod-ucts that drive our State’s economy. The Coast Guard also provides boating safety classes and outreach to tens of thousands of my fellow South Dako-tans. This outreach saves lives every single day. This past year was the deadliest for boaters in the past 5 years, with a 12- percent increase in deaths. Many of those deaths could have been pre-vented, and this legislation seeks to make improvements to boater safety, such as requiring the use of an engine cutoff switch for certain recreational boats. Maybe you have seen the videos of boaters falling overboard and their boat continuing in circles and hitting them, often seriously injuring or even killing them. This change, supported by the recreational boating commu-nity, will prevent these types of inci-dents in the future. This legislation also provides cer-tainty to our mariners. It streamlines regulations, reduces burdens, and clari-fies ambiguous rules that harm our commerce and our environment. We also reauthorize the hydrographic serv-ices at the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, which are necessary for shoreline mapping and accurate nautical charts, and we reau-thorize the Federal Maritime Commis-sion. Finally, this bill fixes a broken patchwork of regulations that prevents efficiency in moving goods along our waterways. The Vessel Incidental Dis-charge Act, or VIDA, is important bi-partisan legislation—sponsored by Sen-ators W
ICKER , CASEY , and more than 20 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle—that creates a uniform set of rules to protect the environment while providing consistent regulations for all ports and waterways. You will hear from some of my col-leagues that this act reduces environ-mental controls and is being jammed down their throats. This is simply not true. We have negotiated in good faith for hundreds of hours, over the past few Congresses, to make this a strong piece of bipartisan legislation. We need strict, science-based, and achievable environmental standards, and that is what this VIDA title will yield. The new standards must be based on the best available technology that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.037 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2226 April 17, 2018 
economically achievable and are de-signed to become more stringent over time as technology improves. Setting limits beyond what is achievable may make for a good sound bite, but it doesn’t actually improve the environ-ment. This bill will. Like so much of the work we do at the Commerce Committee, Senator N
ELSON and I have worked hard to en-sure the bipartisan Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2017 can garner strong support on both sides of the aisle. The measure meets the oper-ational needs of the Coast Guard, al-lowing the service to continue to do the job that so many of our constitu-ents rely on. It reauthorizes the FMC and NOAA’s hydrographic services. Fi-nally, it provides needed regulatory certainty for recreational and commer-cial vessel operators, while ensuring strong environmental protections for our Nation’s waterways. We are going to have an opportunity to vote on this tomorrow. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the men and women of the Coast Guard and to support this bipar-tisan legislation that has been nego-tiated for weeks, months, and years to bring us to where we are today—work-ing to accommodate the concerns of in-dividual Senators on both sides of the aisle but finding a balanced bill that should attract broad bipartisan sup-port. I hope when that vote comes to-morrow, we will be able to see Members on both sides support this legislation and the men and women of the Coast Guard, who do so much important work for our country. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 18, 2018. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:24 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, April 18, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
DAVID FABIAN BLACK, OF NORTH DAKOTA, TO BE DEP-UTY COMMISSIONER OF SOCIAL SECURITY FOR THE TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 19, 2019, VICE CAROLYN W. COLVIN, TERM EXPIRED. ANDREW M. SAUL, OF NEW YORK, TO BE COMMIS-SIONER OF SOCIAL SECURITY FOR THE TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 19, 2019, VICE MICHAEL J. ASTRUE, RESIGNED. ANDREW M. SAUL, OF NEW YORK, TO BE COMMIS-SIONER OF SOCIAL SECURITY FOR THE TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 19, 2025. (REAPPOINTMENT) MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION  
ALEXANDER CRENSHAW, OF FLORIDA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF THREE YEARS, VICE MARK GREEN, TERM EXPIRED. 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
LOUIS DEJOY, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OVERSEAS PRI-VATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIR-ING DECEMBER 17, 2020, VICE MICHAEL JAMES WARREN, TERM EXPIRED. FREDERICK PERPALL, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DE-CEMBER 17, 2020, VICE JAMES M. DEMERS, TERM EX-PIRED. 
MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION  
SUSAN M. MCCUE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MILLENNIUM CHAL-LENGE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  
SERVICE  
VICTORIA ANN HUGHES, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 6, 2021. (REAPPOINTMENT) HEATHER REYNOLDS, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EX-PIRING SEPTEMBER 14, 2021, VICE DEAN A. REUTER, TERM EXPIRED. 
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY  
GINA HASPEL, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, VICE MIKE POMPEO. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G17AP6.039 S17APPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE479 April 17, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE AUSTIN 
HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of my colleagues Senator T
OMCARPER and Senator C HRIS COONS of Delaware, to honor and congratulate Steve Austin, a Delaware Fire Service veteran and recipient of the Congressional Fire Services Institute’s (CFSI) 2018 Mason Lankford Fire Leadership Award. A selfless citizen, Steve served the people of Newark in one of the state’s largest volun-teer fire companies after joining the fire serv-ice in 1963. His willingness to help others has been a source of comfort to Delawareans ex-periencing times of overwhelming loss and tragedy. Steve’s sacrifice and volunteer spirit is a testament to his character. Steve’s work was essential to the formation of the CSFI in 1989 and since then, he has dedicated his life to advancing the health and safety of firefighters across the nation for more than three decades. His life-long passion is evident in his founding of the Emergency Re-sponder Safety Institute and Delaware Chap-ter of International Arson Investigators. Steve has been a powerful advocate at the local, state and federal level on issues that affect the ability of first responders to safely resolve dangerous situations and continue living a long, healthy life. Steve is an extraordinary ambassador for all emergency personnel and is much deserving of the CFSI’s 2018 Fire Leadership Award. I want to extend my heartfelt gratitude and sin-cerest congratulations to Steve for receiving the CFSI Leadership Award and for his devo-tion to the people of Delaware. The First State is lucky to have members of the community who volunteer their time and sacrifice their lives for the greater good. Steve, like many other emergency workers will tell you, ‘‘I’m just doing my job.’’ 
f 
REMEMBERING LEONARD STEFANELLI 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Leonard Stefanelli, a native Californian who embodied the American spirit of hard work and determination. Leonard was the son of immigrants in San Francisco, and after graduating high school he took a job as a garbage collector for the Sun-set Scavenger company. Through his hard work, he quickly rose up the ranks, and just 12 years after he started out on the back of a truck, he became president of the company. Not content with his personal success how-ever, Leonard used his role as president to begin implementing changes that would im-prove the entire industry. He reformed the way trash was collected in San Francisco, doing away with the old time-intensive practices that often resulted in backbreaking work for collec-tors. He continued modernizing both the com-pany and the industry throughout his career. Leonard was also proud of his service in the U.S. Navy aboard submarines, and of course, his family, including his wife, Virginia, and his children, Joseph and Gina. I know that they, along with the rest of his family and friends, join me in celebrating his life and his memory. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE AMER-ICAN ASSOCIATION OF ORAL AND MAXILLOFACIAL SURGEONS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Amer-ican Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Sur-geons. Founded in 1918 by just 29 dentists as the American Society of Exodontists, the orga-nization has now grown to include more than 9,000 members today. Oral and maxillofacial surgery is the surgical arm of dentistry. According to the American Dental Association, this specialty includes the diagnosis, surgical, and adjunctive treatment of diseases, injuries, and defects involving both the functional and esthetic aspects of the hard and soft tissues of the oral and maxillo-facial region. These surgeons are a vital component of the medical profession. They practice in a va-riety of settings, including private clinical prac-tice, ambulatory surgical centers, and hos-pitals. They also provide service in academia, the military, and the research industry. Many of these surgeons reside and provide critical patient care in my home state of Texas. This year, the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons will host its 100th Annual Meet and Scientific Sessions and Exhi-bition. As the members gather in Chicago to consider ‘‘Safety and Innovation for the Next Century,’’ we also should reflect on the last 100 years of progress, led by this organiza-tion. Today, I recognize the members of the American Association for Oral and Maxillo-facial Surgeons for their work, and offer my support for their mission to assure excellence in patient care by advancing, promoting, and preserving the specialty of oral and maxillo-facial surgery. HAPPY BIRTHDAY MICHAEL MULLINS HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleas-ure to wish Mr. Michael A. Mullins a very happy 80th birthday, which he celebrated on February 1. Mr. Mullins faithfully served our country for 40 years in the U.S. Army and as a civil servant with the National Geospatial-In-telligence Agency before his retirement in 2001. I would like to thank Michael for his service to the United States, and wish him a year full of blessings and good health. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BETTY BABCOCK 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer Betty Babcock, of the Onondaga Nation’s Snipe Clan my best wishes on the celebration of her 95th birthday on April 22nd. Meaning ‘‘People of the Hills,’’ the Onon-daga Nation and people celebrate a rich and vibrant culture. Standing as the ‘‘Keepers of the Fire’’ due to their central location, the On-ondaga served as the keystone to the great Ir-oquois Confederacy, forming a system of gov-ernance that inspired America’s founding fa-thers in crafting the Constitution of the United States. In a storied and respected society where matriarchy is especially revered, Betty is certainly the keeper of her family’s hearth, embodying an inextinguishable flame. Betty has a close-knit family including: her husband of sixty years Milton, daughter Dar-lene, grandchildren Betty and Eric; and her brother Oscar. Family has always played a key role in Betty’s life; as a young teenager, Betty became responsible for raising her younger brothers and sister, and maintains her dedication to her family to this day. Betty’s first job was at the offices of Syracuse Attorney Bob Daugherty, after which she opened and operated a very successful restaurant. She has always been known for her generosity, sense of humor and wonderful meals. The celebration of Betty’s 95th birthday is a truly momentous occasion. Betty has wit-nessed great milestones in our Nation’s his-tory, and I am honored to wish her a happy birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17AP8.001 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE480 April 17, 2018 
HONORING OF HIS HOLINESS SRI SRI RAVI SHANKAR 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor his Holiness Sri Sri Ravi Shan-kar, a Hindu spiritual leader and humanitarian who has devoted his life to eliminating vio-lence and spreading compassion throughout the world. His Holiness’s teachings center on the im-portance of spirituality and its ability to en-hance personal traits such as enthusiasm, love, and compassion. According to his teach-ings on spirituality, the bond that all humans share is stronger than any other characteristic that divides us, be it religion, race, or nation-ality. His Holiness has also taken part in exten-sive humanitarian work across the world, from organizing volunteers for many natural disas-ters over the past twenty years, including as-sistance for victims of the 2004 tsunami and Hurricane Katrina, to dedicating efforts to pro-moting interfaith dialogue through the Board of World Religious Leaders for the Elijah Inter-faith Institute. In addition, His Holiness has played a large role in the development of social initiatives all over the world, and especially in India. He is involved in Volunteer For a Better India, an or-ganization which promotes voter awareness and registration as well as free health camps in India. In 2009, His Holiness established Sri Sri University in Odisha; in 2017, the school was awarded a Best Innovative University Award at the 2017 Education Excellence Awards. In recognition of his contributions to the pro-motion of global values, His Holiness has re-ceived the highest awards of many countries, including India, Colombia, Peru, and Para-guay. In 2016, the Government of India awarded him the ‘‘Padma Vibhushan,’’ India’s second highest civilian award. Today, I recognize his Holiness Sri Sri Ravi Shankar for all that he has done to promote peace, empathy, and acceptance in our world. I commend him for the good work he has done through both his teachings and his hu-manitarian service, and I thank him for his continued efforts to make the world a better place. 
f 
REVEREND JOHN ANDERSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Reverend John Anderson for receiving the 2017 Image from the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. Each year the Arvada Chamber recognizes Arvada’s finest men and women for their in-volvement and dedication to the community. Rev. Anderson’s positive outlook and impact has helped to shape a kind, giving and peo-ple-focused congregation and community. Through his work as the Reverend of Trinity Presbyterian Church, Rev. Anderson has helped bring the Arvada community together and address a variety of disparities, specifi-cally as it relates to education. Congratulations to Rev. John Anderson for this well-deserved award, and I thank him for his contribution to our community. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BOB PRICE, SUNDAY DISPATCH PERSON OF THE YEAR 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bob Price, who was named the Greater Pittston Sunday Dispatch’s Person of the Year for 2018. The Sunday Dispatch Person of the Year award recognizes the per-son who has had the greatest impact on life in the Greater Pittston area. Bob will be hon-ored by the Sunday Dispatch and his commu-nity on May 8, 2018. Bob resides in Dupont, Pennsylvania with his wife of 28 years, Ellen. He is a 1979 grad-uate of Wyoming Area High School. After high school, Bob attended Penn State University and received degrees in Electrical Engineering and Telecommunications Technology. He cur-rently works as the Regional Fleet Manager for Johnson Controls in Allentown. Bob is well known throughout the Greater Pittston Area for the active role he takes in his community. He currently serves as the presi-dent of the Dupont Borough Crime Watch and is a member of the Lions Club. Along with fif-teen other volunteers, Bob formed the Progress Committee in 2014 to schedule events throughout Dupont’s centennial year. In 2017, Bob was a central figure in the actual planning of the Borough’s 100th anniversary celebration. Bob is also involved with other local organizations such as Paint Pittston Pink, the Greater Pittston Cultural Coalition, Pittston Arts Council, and NEPA Inclusive. Bob is an accomplished photographer, and he can often be found at these events taking pictures. It is an honor to recognize Bob Price as he accepts the Person of the Year from the Greater Pittston Sunday Dispatch. I am grate-ful for all the work he has done on behalf of Dupont Borough and the Greater Pittston area. I wish him all the best and hope that he continues to inspire others with his charitable service to his community. 
f 
HONORING PETER MALLON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Peter Mallon. Peter is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 374, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Peter has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Peter has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Peter has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Peter built an eight-foot tall wood fence around three recycling bins at the entrance to Liberty United Methodist Church. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Peter for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF MARTRELL JACKSON 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD the following proclama-tion: Whereas, the 8th Congressional District of Michigan joins in celebration as we com-memorate Martrell Jackson as he is recog-nized with the Youth on the Move Award by the Greater Lansing Area Club. Whereas, Mr. Jackson has dedicated his time to developing himself as a businessman and helping others in our community. At age 12 he began working to maintain lawns in his community and used the profits of his work to invest in a snow blower that he could use to expand his services. He also helps our com-munity by volunteering with the Men Making a Difference Program and assisting his church by teaching the younger children. He has shared his passion with those around him, in-spired other with his kind heart and charisma, and dedicated himself to the ideals that ad-vance our community. Let it be known, that the Member of the United States Congress, the Honorable M
I-
CHAEL D. B ISHOP of the 8th Congressional Dis-trict of the State of Michigan, hereby recog-nizes Martrell Jackson for his outstanding achievements. Therefore, this document is signed and dedicated to honor this milestone. May others know of my warmest wishes and continued support in the future. 
f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NAPA VALLEY AG-RICULTURAL PRESERVE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Napa Valley Agricultural Preserve. In 1968, the Napa Board of Supervisors passed a zoning ordinance to preserve open space and prevent future over-development by creating the Napa Valley Agricultural Preserve, the first agricultural preserve in the United States. The ordinance established agriculture and open space as the best use of the land in the valley and foothill areas of Napa Coun-ty. Originally the ordinance protected 26,000 acres of land and today the preserve includes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17AP8.006 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE481 April 17, 2018 
31,609 acres. The Napa Valley Agricultural Preserve has been a vital component to the health of Californian agriculture and has lead the way in agricultural protection and preser-vation in California for the past half century. As we continue our efforts to preserve the Napa Valley, property owners have voluntarily placed their land into conservation easements to ensure the acreage remains rural through the preserve. The ordinance was written to monitor devel-opment and ensure that the natural landscape would be protected and that the environment would be utilized in a mutually beneficial way for residents, farmers and developers. The protection from rapid urbanization has enabled agriculture to flourish in the 21st century and has allowed Napa to remain the premier coun-ty for California wine growers. The preserve has ensured the long-term conservation of Napa County’s agricultural leg-acy and its future as an essential agricultural region in the United States. Because of the preserve the region will continue to be the ideal location for producing wine grapes and other types of agriculture. Mr. Speaker, Napa Valley Agricultural Pre-serve is crucial to the preservation of the agri-cultural output of Napa County and all of Northern California. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor its 50th anniversary. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent April 16, 2018 due to unforeseen circumstances. If I were present, I would have voted on the fol-lowing: Roll no. 140—H.R. 146—On motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill: Yea, and Roll no. 141—S. 167—On motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended: Yea. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on April 16, 2018, I missed two roll call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: YES on Roll Call Vote 140, H.R. 146—Eastern Band of Cher-okee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act, as amended; and YES on Roll Call Vote 141, S. 167—National Memorial to Fallen Educators Act. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CARLOS CURBELO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 140, and YEA on Roll Call No. 141. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on April 16, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded votes No. 140 and 141. Had I been present, on Roll Call No. 140, H.R. 146, Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Acquisition Act, as amended, I would have voted YEA; and on Roll Call No. 141, S. 167, National Memorial to Fallen Educators Act, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
JOHN BEATTIE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor John Beattie for being selected as the 2017 Man of the Year by the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. Each year the Arvada Chamber recognizes Arvada’s finest men and women for their in-volvement and dedication to the community. John’s outstanding community involvement, generosity and overall impact on Arvada is ex-emplified by the amount of time he has do-nated to the Arvada Food Bank helping to pro-vide thousands of children, families, individ-uals, seniors and veterans with fresh food. His spirit of service and dedication to his commu-nity makes him a role model in the community and is why he was selected as the 2017 Man of the Year. Congratulations to John Beattie for this well- deserved award, and I thank him for his con-tribution to our community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LOTTIE ALBERT 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of my dear friend Lottie Al-bert. Lottie was born on December 25, 1915 to Eva and Louis Wernick in New York City. Twenty-one years later, Lottie married Sol Al-bert and the two enjoyed 55 years of mar-riage, and have two lovely daughters, Harriet and Doreen. Lottie was the loving grand-mother to Eric, Glenn, and Lowell, as well as a great-grandmother to Kyle, Samantha, Heather, and Seth. Lottie was a resident and community leader of Broward County for over 40 years. It has been my honor to see Lottie’s commitment and passion for serving her community. She was an amazing individual, who dedicated herself to helping so many throughout South Florida. In 1988, she was inducted into the Area Agency on Aging’s Dr. Nan S. Hutchinson Broward Senior Hall of Fame. Additionally, Broward County honored Lottie in 2005 by de-claring November 12th as ‘‘Lottie Albert Ap-preciation Day.’’ In 2012, Lottie was inducted into the Broward County Women’s Hall of Fame for her work with the Ann Storck Children’s Cen-ter, the Elderly Interest Fund’s MEDIVAN Pro-gram, and the Alzheimer’s Family Center. Mr. Speaker, Lottie was an extraordinary friend. She helped me at every stage of my career, never wavering, never faltering. On good days and bad days, I knew Lottie would be there for me as she was for so many of us. Her advice, wisdom, humor, and vast knowl-edge of life will be sorely missed. f 
RECOGNIZING THE TECHNICAL DE-VELOPMENT TEAM AT NAVAL SURFACE WARFARE CENTER PANAMA CITY DIVISION 
HON. NEAL P. DUNN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate an outstanding technical develop-ment team at Naval Surface Warfare Center, Panama City Division (NSWCPCD), for win-ning the Excellence in Technology Transfer Award by the Federal Laboratory Consortium for Technology Transfer (FLC). The team of Dennis Gallagher, William Hughes, Allie Pilcher, Richard Manley, Charles Self, and Brian Wentworth won with their invention, the Combat Diver Navigation Module (CDNM). Everyday, combat divers risk their lives fac-ing hazardous conditions to protect our coun-try—and they do it all while underwater. The CDNM technology will increase accuracy, safety, and situational awareness for combat divers carrying out dangerous underwater mis-sions. Having the technology to safely carry out these missions is crucial and that is where the technical development team at NSWCPCD comes in. This team worked together to create a prod-uct that will not only allow our combat divers to navigate in zero visibility conditions, it will be used to save lives by other first responders and our allies overseas. Our nation thanks Dennis, William, Allie, Richard, Charles, and Brian for their creative and innovative thinking—your technology will save lives, and exemplifies the best American inventive spirit. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes on Monday, April 16, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 140 and 141. 
f 
WORLD HEMOPHILIA DAY 2018 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April 17, 2018 as World Hemophilia 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.004 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE482 April 17, 2018 
Day. This is a day when the international com-munity comes together to raise awareness about hemophilia and other bleeding disorders It is a day when we also reaffirm our commit-ment to the individuals across the globe who are living with this dangerous chronic disease. Hemophilia is a genetic bleeding disorder that prevents blood from clotting normally, leading to uncontrolled bleeding in different parts of the body. Left untreated, the deep in-ternal bleeding associated with hemophilia can lead to permanent damage of organs and tis-sues as well as potentially fatal outcomes. Ad-ditionally, people with hemophilia are at in-creased risk of developing heart disease, HIV infection, and kidney bleeding as time passes. Hemophilia is considered a rare disease, but it impacts 20,000 people in the United States and more than 400,000 people world-wide. There is no cure for hemophilia, and three-fourths of patients have inadequate ac-cess to treatment. When treatment is acces-sible, it is expensive, leading to costs as high as $250,000 per year. As the founder of the Congressional Rare Disease Caucus, I know that much progress has been made in improving access to re-search funding for rare diseases like hemo-philia. However, there is more that must be done to help those struggling with hemophilia obtain needed therapies. With today’s recogni-tion of World Hemophilia Day, it is my hope that we renew our commitment toward achiev-ing accessible, affordable treatment for the hundreds of thousands of hemophilia patients across the world. 
f 
HONORING BOB HURLEY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Bob Hurley upon his retirement from a long and distinguished cul-inary career in Napa Valley. Mr. Hurley grew up in San Francisco, Cali-fornia. After graduating from high school in 1972, he purchased a van and traveled around the United States. He worked in hotels and restaurants along the way, his first foray into the restaurant business. He realized his passion for cooking and returned to San Fran-cisco, where he enrolled in the culinary pro-gram at City College. Post-graduation, Mr. Hurley spent two years traveling in Europe, India and North Africa learning how food and culture were connected. Mr. Hurley and his wife Cynthia eventually moved to Napa Valley where he quickly be-came an essential part of our Yountville com-munity. He opened Hurley’s Restaurant in 2002, which is unquestionably a community staple and favorite spot for locals. Ensuring the restaurant’s success meant his normal workweek was Monday to Saturday, 6 a.m. to 7 or 8 p.m. After announcing his plans to retire and close Hurley’s Restaurant, Mr. Hurley has shown the character we all know him to have. He is working to help members of his team, which he considers to be family, find new jobs. Mr. Hurley’s unwavering commitment to our community goes beyond his restaurant. He is the Secretary on the Board of Directors for the Lincoln Theatre at the Yountville Veterans Home. He helped create the annual Veterans Day Celebrity Chefs Luncheon and has been a chef for Hands Across the Valley, a fund-raiser to help feed those in need throughout Napa County. He has taught annual etiquette classes at Yountville Elementary School, orga-nized fundraisers for Yountville Little League, and supported numerous programs at Con-nolly Ranch. During the October 2017 wildfires Mr. Hurley worked for four consecutive nights cooking for first responders. He brought hun-dreds of meals from his restaurant to the field where the responders were stationed. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Hurley is the kind of cit-izen we should all strive to be. He is known for making everyone feel important and spe-cial. For many years he has provided our community with a welcoming place to gather. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Bob Hurley here today. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RICHARD MONTONI 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the retirement of Richard Montoni, a New England native and dedicated government contractor with a passion for civic responsibility. Mr. Montoni is well-regarded by his peers and deeply respected in his field. As the Chief Executive Officer of MAXIMUS, Richard has developed the company into a preeminent government partner by delivering health and human services to different communities around the world. Prior to becoming CEO he served as the company’s Chief Financial Offi-cer and Treasurer. Since 2006, Richard has honed the vision of his company by resolving legal matters and fostering a culture that drives business growth and optimization. In October 2013 Bloomberg named Richard 3rd in their list of Tech’s Top 20 Turnaround Artists. Richard has remained steadfast in his com-mitment to communities, teamwork, and strong leadership over the course of his time at the company, only furthering the blossoming rela-tionship between governments and private- sector tech companies that distribute health and human services programs across the globe. Complementing his work with communities around the world, Richard serves as Vice Chairman for the Northern Virginia Technology Council and Vice Chairman of the Corporate Fund Board of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Richard Montoni and his commitment to providing in-valuable health and human services. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing his hard work and dedication as he celebrates his re-tirement. JAMES JOHNSON HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor James Johnson for receiving the 2017 Arvada Young Profes-sional Leadership Award from the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. Each year the Arvada Chamber recognizes Arvada’s finest men and women for their in-volvement and dedication to the community. James is being recognized for his outstanding contribution and leadership in the Arvada com-munity. James’ professional and approachable demeanor helped make a difference while he served as the 2017 Arvada Young Profes-sionals (AYP) Chair. James also has recently stepped up as Chair of the Two Ponds Preser-vation Committee. Congratulations to James Johnson for this well-deserved award, and I thank him for his contribution to our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH INDEPENDENCE DAY OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the Jewish state of Israel. In May of 1948, after centuries of foreign rule, persecution, and conflict, David Ben-Gurion declared the establishment of the state of Israel, which President Harry S. Truman also recognized on the same day. While the state of Israel has faced much conflict since its founding, and violence be-tween Israelis and Palestinians is common, the resilience and strength of the state and its people is astounding. The founding is a direct result of the hard work and perseverance of the Jewish people, who fought for their rights in the face of persecution. This passion and determination is why we are here today, cele-brating the 70th Anniversary of the state of Israel. The people of Israel plan to celebrate the anniversary with a ‘‘70 hours of Israeli Cele-brations’’ ceremony, bringing together both the citizens of Israel as well as Jewish people all around the world. The theme of this celebra-tion is ‘‘Heritage of Innovation’’, which high-lights the success of the state at spearheading new technology in the fields of medicine and agriculture. I congratulate Israel on its 70th Independence Day, and wish them many more years of prosperity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE JOHNSON 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on H.R. 4790 because I was in Louisiana attending a family event. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.012 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE483 April 17, 2018 
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 139. 
f 
HONORING IMPACT100 WESTCHESTER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to con-gratulate Impact100 Westchester, an inter-national nonprofit women’s collective giving or-ganization, on their successful fifth grant cycle, as they have broken an amazing milestone by providing more than one million dollars in grant money to other nonprofits across West-chester County. Impact100 Westchester was established in 2014 with 132 women joining in its first year, and has nearly tripled since its founding. The group is entirely volunteer, run by dedicated constituents striving to make a difference throughout Westchester County. Local organi-zations who have benefitted from Impact100’s grant giving range from those dealing with children’s mental health, access to education programs, environmental improvements, work training for the impaired, immigration groups, and support for survivors of abuse. In addition to their philanthropy, Impact100 hosts their own volunteer events across West-chester, continuing to support other nonprofits with their Hands on Impact, with the Day of Service and with educational events which benefits and gives back to their community. During their short tenure, Impact100 West-chester’s success has been reliant on its memberships, volunteers, leadership, advisory council and relationship with the community. I am honored to have Impact100 Westchester in my district, and to recognize them on this wonderful occasion of their Fifth Anniversary. Congratulation to everyone involved with Impact100 Westchester, and thank you to all the caring members who have collectively granted over one million dollars to support and better our community. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE LOCAL TASK FORCES ON 21ST CENTURY POLICING ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Local Task Forces on 21st Century Policing Act, to assist localities in carrying out the recommendations of the federal Task Force on 21st Century Policing and the De-partment of Justice’s Office of Community Ori-ented Policing Services, both of which have detailed the need to strengthen relations be-tween local communities and local law en-forcement. The bill would provide grants to local governments to create local task forces on 21st century policing to bring police, rep-resentatives of the community and public offi-cials together to identify best policing practices for local police and other ways to strengthen relations between the community and police departments. No new funds are needed. Exist-ing funds from the Department of Justice would support local governments establishing the task forces by listing these task forces as an acceptable use of Byrne Justice Assistance Grants. Given the continuing controversy sur-rounding police shootings of unarmed African American men, with no solutions in sight, this bill is more timely every day. The task forces, modeled after the federal Task Force on 21st Century Policing, would allow local communities to identify the best ways to create an effective partnership be-tween local law enforcement and the commu-nities they serve, while reducing crime, in-creasing trust and combating racial profiling The task forces could create a partnership to implement practical policing practices accept-able to all concerned. The creation of task forces could be an im-portant step toward easing the tensions be-tween local law enforcement and many com-munities. In addition, the task forces could serve to engage local law enforcement and local stakeholders in a transparent public problem-solving process instead of the current situation that encourages parties to choose sides. f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF BREANNA I. NIXON 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD the following Proclama-tion: Whereas, the 8th Congressional District of Michigan joins in celebration as we com-memorate BreAnna I. Nixon as she is recog-nized with the Youth on the Move Award by the Greater Lansing Area Club. Whereas, Ms. Nixon has dedicated her time to developing as an entrepreneur and an ath-lete. She has taken the initiative to create a yard business where she shovels snow, mows lawns and rakes leaves for regular clients throughout the year. Like others in her family, BreAnna is active in sports as a member of track, volleyball and basketball teams. In 2017 she placed second in the citywide shotput tournament with a throw of 24.8 feet. She has shared her passions with those around her and dedicated herself to the ideals that ad-vance our community. Let it be known, that the Member of the United States Congress, the Honorable Mi-chael D. Bishop of the 8th Congressional Dis-trict of the State of Michigan, hereby recog-nizes BreAnna Nixon for her outstanding achievements. Therefore, this document is signed and dedicated to honor this milestone. May others know of my warmest wishes and continued support in the future. 
f 
ANITA MARCUSSEN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Anita Marcussen for being selected as the 2017 Woman of the Year by the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. Each year the Arvada Chamber recognizes Arvada’s finest men and women for their in-volvement and dedication to the community. Anita’s community involvement through many community activities, including the Arvada His-torical Society, Arvada Center for the Arts and Humanities, Arvada West High School Foun-dation and Arvada K–8 Elementary have helped to enrich the City of Arvada. Anita’s spirit of service and true passion for giving to others is why she has been selected as the 2017 Woman of the Year. Congratulations to Anita Marcussen for this well-deserved award, and I thank her for her contribution to our community. f 
CONGRATULATING GARRY MOORE ON RETIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Garry Moore, who is retiring from 25 News Today. Mr. Moore is a pillar of the Peo-ria community and will be greatly missed. Mr. Moore has greatly enriched cultural arts within Peoria through his years of leadership. Mr. Moore first moved to Peoria to attend Bradley University where he earned a Bach-elor’s and Master’s Degree in Liberal Studies and Broadcast Production and Management. Since then, he has become an anchor and producer for 25 News Today, which is Central Illinois’ longest running morning news pro-gram, in addition to serving as President of the Peoria Local of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists. Furthermore, he has worked to educate our community through his role as an adjunct professor at Illi-nois State University and by holding drumming classes throughout the area. Mr. Moore has also developed and championed several youth empowerment programs throughout Rockford. It is because of dedicated leaders such as Mr. Garry Moore that I am especially proud to serve Illinois 17th Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally con-gratulate Mr. Garry Moore on his well-earned retirement and thank him for all of his con-tributions and service to our community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DARRELL FOSTER ALLEMAN 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to honor and remember the life of Darrell Foster Alleman. Darrell was born on July 12, 1929, in La-Salle, Illinois and was raised on his family farm in Eden, Illinois. Darrell rented his first farm at 18 years old, following his high school graduation, and worked the land for 70 years until he retired. In 1951 he married Jeanne Lorraine Anderson. Together they had 4 chil-dren, Debra Lynn, Kimrey Darrell, Janeen Roxanne, and Scott William. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.016 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE484 April 17, 2018 
Active in his community, Darrell served as Putnam County Republican Party Chairman. He held the position for 29 years where he met Presidents Ford, Reagan and H.W. Bush. Beyond his political activity, Darrell was a leading member of the Granville Rotary Club where he received the club’s prestigious Paul Harris award and maintained perfect attend-ance up until his passing. Darrell was an avid baseball fan and worked to share the sport with his family, friends and community as a whole. He built what he called the ‘‘Alleman Field of Dreams’’ on his farm where local baseball teams could play and practice. It has since become a community icon where every year for the past 4 years a charity baseball game is held and Field of Dreams the movie is shown and enjoyed by all. We mourn the passing of this hard working and dedicated family man, farmer and commu-nity activist. Please join me in honoring and celebrating this life well lived. 
f 
HONORING JACOB ANDREW MAGYAR 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Jacob Magyar. Jacob is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 314, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Jacob has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jacob has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Jacob has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Jacob for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING MARCELO DEFREITAS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Marcelo Defreitas as the 2018 Honorary Alcalde for the City of Sonoma, California. Mayor Madolyn Agrimonti nominated Mr. Defreitas as Alcalde, the Span-ish word for mayor, in recognition of his con-tributions to our community. Mr. Defreitas is from the Southern part of Brazil, Rio Grande do Sul, in the city of Uruguiana. He grew up on a cattle ranch with his parents, Jurema De La Vega Rodrigues de Freitas and Homero Maydana Rodrigues de Freitas and two older brothers, Homero and Jose Mario. Mr. Defreitas studied public relations in col-lege in Brazil and began working in his field at the largest publishing company in South America. In 1984, he moved to San Francisco to finish his degree and to learn English. After graduating from the University of San Fran-cisco with a degree in graphic arts, he earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the Academy of Art University. In 1988, he joined Primo Angeli Inc., and worked his way up from junior de-signer to art director. Mr. Defreitas has served as the President of the Board of Directors for La Luz Center since 2016. He has been instrumental in organizing fundraisers such as ‘‘Noche de Moon,’’ which has furthered the Center’s role in the immi-grant community. He has also fundraised and organized committees to support local non- profits, including the Sonoma Valley Museum of Art, Jack London State Park, Lyon Ranch and Sonoma Valley Fund. Recently Mr. Defreitas’ service has ex-panded to include helping victims of the Octo-ber wildfires. Through his 10 to 12 hour work days at La Luz Center, he helped distribute $1.2 million in disaster unemployment assist-ance, individual assistance disaster relief funds, rent assistance and other services. This is not out of character for him. As he says, ‘‘service is my passion.’’ Mr. Speaker, Mr. Defreitas is the hard work-ing leader and dedicated community member we should all strive to be. He has seamlessly blended his professional and personal pas-sions, leaving a legacy of community collabo-ration. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Marcelo Defreitas as Sonoma’s 43rd Honorary Alcalde. f 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL 
HON. SCOTT TAYLOR 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD remarks on behalf of my constituent, Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman. Rabbi Zoberman is the Founding Rabbi of Congregation Beth Chaverim in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Born in Chu, Kazakhstan (USSR) in 1945, he is the son of Polish Holo-caust Survivors. 
‘‘What a joyful milestone the 70th anniver-sary celebration of the world’s only Jewish State and only democracy in the Middle East is, shouldering the 4,000 year old loaded leg-acy of a restored Jewish people to full dig-nity! The historic return into sovereign Jew-ish statehood of an ancient people deprived of its homeland for 2,000 years of a trying ex-perience that almost upended it in the Holo-caust should be applauded by the entire human family. No other people exercised such a comeback. The Jewish people have proved its authentic bond with its birthplace the Land of Israel, which has served as the daily focus of its prayerful supplications and soulful aspirations. It has never abandoned its prophetic promise that Israel was des-tined to survive and thrive that it may con-tinue to bless humanity. A narrow stretch of land along the Eastern Mediterranean Sea is saturated with the Bib-lical Book of Book’s undying memories of a covenanted Jewish people determined to turn human passion into heartfelt compas-sion and life’s wilderness into an oasis of love. The miraculous ingathering of the ex-iles from the earth’s four corners, including close to a million Jewish refugees from Arab lands, a revitalized Hebrew language and flourishing culture, creating an amazing start-up nation from most humble begin-nings, while fatefully and successfully tested in costly wars—are all testimony to the unyielding power of the human spirit to turn adversity into advantage, pain into promise and violence into vision. Wherever disaster strikes on the globe, whether man-made or natural, you find Israelis on challenging humanitarian mis-sions, at times first on the scene. This was showcased last February when Israelis as-sisted with trauma counselling (sadly Israel has much experience in this field) following the shooting of 17 students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida; and reached out when an earth-quake hit Papua, New Guinea. A Jewish state is bound to reaffirm the thundering call of its prophets, philosophers and poets, anchored in its 1948 Declaration of Independ-ence, to establish a model society for all its citizens, narrowing economic and social gaps, rejoicing in Jewish religious pluralism, and protecting the disadvantaged as well as endangered refugees. Israel is a model of heroic courage and up-lifting audacity in the face of stubborn non- acceptance, with finally Egypt, the largest Arab country, and Jordan breaking the cir-cle of enmity. It is ever ready to embrace all its Arab neighbors and particularly the Pal-estinians in the peace of Shalom and Salaam to jointly transform shared pain into wellsprings of creative hope for future gen-erations, thus fulfilling Israel’s fondest pray-er. In resolving the 150 year old tragic con-flict with the Palestinians, Israeli security more than ideology should be paramount, though the two may overlap. The Zionist en-terprise regarded realistic compromise with the recalcitrant Arabs as essential while guarding against untenable messianism. With adverse demography in mind, Israel’s major concern is to remain both Jewish and democratic. The Palestinians, who have been abused as pawns by their Arab brethren, need yet be educated by courageous leaders to give up their destructive and improbable dream of replacing Israel, and not be finan-cially rewarded for brutal terrorism which postpones peace. Gaza’s ruling Hamas would do better spending outside funds to help their impoverished people whom they use as human shields, rather than waste it on rock-ets and tunnels aimed at Israel. We recall the disturbing collaboration with Hitler of the Palestinian Grand Mufti Haj Amin al- Husseini. Israel is the only country whose very exist-ence is being questioned, with signs of radicalization in its sizable Arab Israeli com-munity. Terrorizing and nuclear ambitious Iran, which denies the Holocaust, and its Lebanese and Palestinian proxies are near Israel’s borders. The United Nations falsely singles Israel out for constant rebuke while sheltering culprit regimes which violate basic human rights. The United States through indefatigable Ambassador Nikki Haley stands tall with Israel, its true ally and trusted friend in the shrinking commu-nity of democracies. However, the Iranian Shiite menace to both Israel and the Arab Sunni world has opened a venue of oppor-tunity exemplified in Saudi Arabia allowing Air India to use its territory to fly to Tel Aviv, Israel which is also a first for India’s airlines! President Trump Jerusalem Declaration (what an anniversary gift!) that Jerusalem is indeed Israel’s rightful capital will resonate in long Jewish memory where friends and foes are never forgotten. President Donald Trump’s proud act of conscience finally lends a superpower’s support for Israel’s in-disputable glorious links to both earthly and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.021 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE485 April 17, 2018 
heavenly Jerusalem that is being denied by the West’s tenacious enemies. How moving that the American Embassy is relocated from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, Israel’s capital, on May 14, 2018, exactly 70 years following Jewish independence. It is a poignant re-minder that President Harry Truman was the first world leader to recognize the new state, only eleven minutes following Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion’s delivering the Declaration of Independence of a redeemed people. It was Jewish history’s greatest hour after the Holocaust’s lowest mark. Ven-omous anti-Semitism is on an alarming re-surgence in the United States and particu-larly in Europe, home of the Holocaust. Po-land regrettably attempts through a new pu-nitive law to distance itself from the painful truth that there were far more Poles who collaborated in the merciless destruction of Jewish lives than those righteous Poles who sacrificially rose up to protect their as-saulted Jewish neighbors, including my own family, who had lived in their midst for a thousand years! The Syrian tragedy weighs heavily on Israel whose people emerged from the Holo-caust, with both Jews and Syrians aban-doned by a callous world. The gassing with impunity of innocent Syrian civilians, in-cluding children, so close to Israel as Syria’s civil war is into its seventh year, is most re-volting. Israel reaching out to medically save over four thousand Syrians is praise-worthy. I concur with Rabbi Israel Lau ask-ing Israel to even do more for Syria’s suf-fering people. He is Israel’s former chief rabbi, currently chairman of Jerusalem’s Yad Vashem Holocaust World Center Council and the youngest survivor at age eight of the Buchenwald Concentration Camp. Much is demanded though not all can be expected from a now powerful but still vulnerable peo-ple enduring the unfathomable and facing a complex Middle East scenario. President Trump’s order to send fifty-nine Tomahawk missiles toward a Syrian air base was appre-ciated. The most recent airstrikes by the U.S., U.K. and France at Syria’s illegal chemical weapons operation in light of the Syrian lethal chemical attack in Douma, is encouraging. How could Russia be complicit in Bashar’s genocidal machine when losing over twenty million Russians under Nazi Germany? The presence of the USS Bush Carrier homeported in Norfolk, Virginia which I witnessed, on July 4, 2017 in Haifa, Israel, following the bombing of ISIS targets in Syria, was reassuring. May Israel’s significant anniversary of a tumultuous homecoming usher in renewed hope that its founders’ inspiring naivete ´of being welcomed and appreciated for their pioneering efforts in a problematic region, yet bear good fruit for all.’’ f 
PICOCYL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor PICOCYL for being recognized as the 2017 Business Recognition Award win-ner by the Jefferson County Economic Devel-opment Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Business Recognition Award shows ap-preciation for a local company who has shown exceptional growth in primary employment, sales and/or capital investments in the last year. PICOCYL designs, develops and manu-factures very small compressed gas cylinders for drug delivery systems, self-injection de-vices, and the delivery of medical gases. Their patented pic-o cylinders feature accurate and consistent gas fill levels, extremely low punc-ture forces, and precision sealing surfaces. PICOCYL’s proprietary manufacturing systems and processes have earned their position as the sole global provider of such components to the Life Sciences industry. Congratulations to PICOCYL for this well- deserved award, and I thank them for their contribution to our community. f 
RECOGNIZING THE PHILADELPHIA PROGRAM OF VITAS HEALTHCARE VOLUNTEERS 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr Speak-er, I rise to recognize all the volunteers with the Philadelphia Program of VITAS Healthcare, who graciously give their time and talents serving neighbors in need throughout Southeastern Pennsylvania. VITAS Healthcare has been a pioneer in hospice care since 1978 and has the distinc-tion of being the nation’s largest provider of end-of-life care. The Philadelphia Program of VITAS launched in 1993 and currently oper-ates three in-patient units serving the five- county Philadelphia region. More than 60 volunteers in the Philadelphia Program serve a vital role in helping VITAS Healthcare deliver quality care and support to more than 200 hospice patients and their fami-lies every day. Volunteers of all ages and from diverse backgrounds carry out a variety of tasks, ranging from running errands and plac-ing reassuring phone calls to spending quality time with hospice patients in their homes, hos-pitals and skilled nursing facilities. VITAS will honor these outstanding volun-teers during an annual luncheon on April 28, 2018. The event is part of National Volunteer Appreciation Week, which was established by President Richard Nixon in 1974 to highlight the invaluable contributions of all volunteers and the incredible difference they make in the lives of those they serve. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in expressing our sincere gratitude to all the volunteers with the Philadelphia Program of VITAS Healthcare for their selfless service to individuals and communities in southeastern Pennsylvania. May their exemplary dedication and generous spirit inspire all to give back to others and strengthen our communities through volunteerism. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO A’JA WILSON 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to an outstanding young lady and great South Carolinian, Ms. A’ja Wilson. Ms. Wilson is a student at the University of South Carolina (USC) in Columbia, South Carolina. USC’s athletic teams are nicknamed the ‘‘Fighting Gamecocks,’’ and A’ja is a member of the Gamecock’s women basketball team. During her tenure at USC, A’ja played in 138 games, averaged 17.3 points per game, had 8.7 rebounds and blocked 2.6 shots per game. In 2017, Ms. Wilson led the Game-cocks to their first ever NCAA Women’s Bas-ketball Championship and was named the Tournament’s Most Outstanding Player. This year, A’ja was named the Southeastern Conference’s (SEC) Player of the Year for the 3rd consecutive year, and led the Gamecocks to a record 4th straight SEC Tournament Championship. She also became the all-time leading scorer in USC women’s basketball his-tory and was a consensus first-team All-Amer-ican for the 3rd consecutive season. A’ja was named 1st team All-SEC all four of her years at USC. She has swept every one of the National Player of the Year awards as the best player in women’s college basketball in 2018. Last week, A’ja capped off her col-lege athletic career by becoming the first play-er drafted by the Women National Basketball Association (WNBA). A’ja Wilson was born in Hopkins, South Carolina to Roscoe and Eva Wilson. She graduated from Heathwood Hall Episcopal High School in Columbia and led the school to the state championship as a senior in 2014. Perhaps more important than her statistics; A’ja Wilson has been a leader for her teams— both on and off the court—and in her commu-nity. USC’s President Dr. Harris Pastides, Ath-letics Director Ray Tanner and Women’s Head Coach Dawn Staley have all praised A’ja the person as well as A’ja the player. President Pastides recently told The State newspaper, ‘‘A’ja [is] the person who never turned down an autograph, a selfie, a high five . . . A’ja has never said no to anybody, and that is be-cause she loves this community, she loves the fans.’’ Mr. Speaker, I agree with Dr. Pastides, and I hasten to add that the basketball fans and citizens of her hometown and state love her back. f 
H.R. 2901, TO MAKE PERMANENT VOLUNTEER INCOME TAX AS-SISTANCE MATCHING GRANT PROGRAM 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2901, to make permanent the IRS Volunteer Income Tax As-sistance (VITA) matching grant program. The Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program assists low-to-moderate in-come, elderly, disabled, and limited English speaking taxpayers in preparing and filing their federal income tax returns. Since fiscal year 2008, Congress has used the appropriations process to provide funding for the Community VITA matching grants pro-gram for tax return preparation assistance. But Congress has not authorized the VITA program to receive grants through the tax-writ-ing process. This bill puts the VITA grant program on more solid, permanent, and predictable foot-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.024 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE486 April 17, 2018 
Without this bill, the IRS has administered the VITA grant program narrowly, restricting grantees’ ability to use grant funds to hire ex-perts to train volunteers and perform quality reviews as well as to serve as Certified Ac-ceptance Agents. As a result, few VITA grantees assist low in-come self-employed taxpayers who file as pass-throughs, or low income taxpayers with disaster losses. Moreover, few VITA grantees are open year-round or assist taxpayers in preparing amended returns. This bill will lead to a stronger VITA pro-gram that is able to help many more low-in-come Americans navigate the tax filing proc-ess. I applaud the sponsors of this bill, Rep-resentatives C
ARLOS CURBELO and D ANNY  D
AVIS for working together on this long over-due legislation. As a cosponsor of H.R. 2901, I urge all my colleagues to vote yes on this sensible bill. 
f 
IN MEMORIAM RODNEY LEWIS 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Rodney Lewis who passed away on April 10, 2018 at the age of 77. Mr. Lewis was an Arizona native and a member of the Gila River Indian Community. He became a trailblazer in water policy, tribal sovereignty, and Indian law. Our state will miss him dearly. In 1980, Mr. Lewis was the first Native American attorney to appear before the Su-preme Court. As the lead attorney for the Gila River community, Mr. Lewis won part of the largest tribal water settlement in U.S. history. He also was the founding chair of Arizona Bar’s Indian Law section. In 2017, he was ap-pointed to the Central Arizona Water Con-servation District Board. The board helps to manage the Central Arizona Project, where Mr. Lewis was able to represent tribal inter-ests. Mr. Lewis served in the United States Army from 1962 to 1965 where he served as a Ranger and achieved the rank of First Lieuten-ant. He received his bachelor’s of science from Trinity University in 1962, a master’s in history from Arizona State University in 1969, and a law degree from the University of Cali-fornia, Los Angeles in 1972. Mr. Lewis is survived by his wife, Wiilardene, daughter Katherine Elizabeth, sons Stephen Roe and John Blaine, and a host of grandchildren. His son, Stephen, cur-rently serves as Governor of the Gila River In-dian Community. Please join me in honoring his memory. 
f 
THE PILATUS GROUP 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor The Pilatus Group for being recognized as the 2017 Business Recognition Award winner by the Jefferson County Eco-nomic Development Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Business Recognition Award shows ap-preciation for a local company who has shown exceptional growth in primary employment, sales and/or capital investments in the last year. Founded in 1939 and headquartered in Stans, Switzerland, The Pilatus Group is a leader in the world’s aviation industry and known for its legendary aircraft. The com-pany’s North American operations were estab-lished in Jefferson County in 1996 at the Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport and is re-sponsible for PC–12 and PC–24 marketing, sales and servicing activities across North and South America. About 70 percent of all PC– 12s that come off the production line in Swit-zerland are finished to customer specifications at its Jefferson County-based facility. Today, the company employs over 1,900 people worldwide. Congratulations to The Pilatus Group for this well-deserved award, and I thank them for their contribution to our community. f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF WAYNE LYNN 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD the following Proclama-tion: Whereas, the 8th Congressional District of Michigan joins in celebration as we com-memorate Wayne Lynn as he is recognized with the Community Service Award by the Greater Lansing Area Club. Whereas, Mr. Lynn dedicated his career to helping men and women develop themselves and their faith. Mr. Lynn is the Chairman of the Deacon’s Ministry at Union Missionary where he teaches a Men’s Bible Study. He also serves as the Chairman of the Board of directors for the Turning Point of Lansing where he leads a mentoring program for the growth of young men into adults. He has shared his knowledge and passion with those around him and dedicated himself to the ideals that advance our community. Let it be known, that the Member of the United States Congress, the Honorable Mi-chael D. Bishop of the 8th Congressional Dis-trict of the State of Michigan, hereby recog-nizes Wayne Lynn for his outstanding achieve-ments. Therefore, this document is signed and dedicated to honor this milestone. May others know of my warmest wishes and continued support in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BRAMBLETON MIDDLE SCHOOL’S INAUGURAL YEAR 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brambleton Middle School in Ashburn, Virginia as they celebrate their inau-gural year with a Day on Capitol Hill. Since its opening in August 2017, Principal Renee Dawson and the entire faculty and staff has worked tirelessly to ensure the high qual-ity of education to students from every back-ground and creed. Brambleton Middle School upholds the mis-sion to empower all students to make mean-ingful contributions to the world. Built on the acronym, C.L.I.M.B., Brambleton faculty and staff work to Create, Lead, Inspire, Motivate, and Believe in the power of diversity to foster a community of excellence. In thanks to this dedicated faculty and staff; Brambleton Middle School students are achieving remarkable things in the classroom while also expanding their horizons through extracurricular activities including VEX robotics and the Civil War His-tory Book club. The Eighth Grade recently or-ganized a kindness brigade, putting out Ran-dom Acts of Kindness Magnets around the school. Coming from a family of educators, I understand the impact that teachers and other school staff can have on our children. With that in mind, I am proud of the faculty and staff at Brambleton Middle School who foster personal and educational growth through their approachable and collaborative methodology inside and out of the classroom. Principal Dawson has been passionate about building a cohesive path for her students with the philos-ophy that it takes a community to raise chil-dren, and together as a school, we will be that positive impact in our community. Before the first day of school, Principal Dawson invited all sixth-graders to write her a letter asking for feedback on their individual learning experi-ences. From this letter-writing campaign, Prin-cipal Dawson and the Brambleton Middle School community formed the BAM Ambas-sadors, a group of 30 kids selected to serve the community as school leaders. By soliciting suggestions and forming the BAM Ambas-sadors, Principal Dawson and the Brambleton Middle School leadership team set a founda-tion for the school as it continues to grow. The hard work these students put towards their academics and their unwavering commit-ment to civic engagement is inspiring. I hope their curiosity and tenacity persists in future endeavors, and they continue to make a dif-ference. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Brambleton Middle School’s inaugural year, and I wish each student many more successes as they continue their edu-cation. f 
RECOGNIZING BAY COUNTY SHERIFF TOMMY FORD 
HON. NEAL P. DUNN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Bay County Sheriff Tommy Ford for being appointed by Governor Rick Scott to the Florida Criminal Justice Standards and Train-ing Commission. Tommy started his law en-forcement career working for this commission and has now risen to the pinnacle of his pro-fession. Sheriff Ford’s leadership in Bay Coun-ty has not gone unnoticed. Sheriff Ford joins law enforcement leaders from across Florida to establish state-wide law enforcement standards and training programs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.027 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE487 April 17, 2018 
that certify officers are prepared to carry out their duties. Sheriff Ford is a native of North-west Florida, and has honorably served Bay County as a law enforcement officer for over 25 years. He was elected Sheriff of Bay Coun-ty in 2016. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Bay County Sheriff Tommy Ford for his appointment to this commission and thanking him for his record of exemplary service pro-tecting Northwest Florida. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF DOWNTOWN HOWELL, MICHIGAN 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a small town in my district which was recently named a recipient of the 2018 Great American Main Street Award. Over the last twelve years, downtown Howell, Michigan has completely transformed from a community threatened by Michigan’s economic downturn to one that is thriving and charging ahead into the future. With its historical charm and beautiful architecture, downtown Howell is full of local art galleries and quaint parks. Chosen by a national jury of community de-velopment professionals, the Great American Main Street award recognizes communities whose successes serve as a model for preser-vation-based commercial revitalization. As a small town that is doing big things, Downtown Howell is setting itself apart as a great place for businesses, families, and everything in be-tween. Great things are happening in the Comeback State, Mr. Speaker. I look forward to what’s to come. 
f 
GINA RIVAS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Gina Rivas for receiving the 2017 Image Award from the Ar-vada Chamber of Commerce. Each year the Arvada Chamber recognizes Arvada’s finest men and women for their in-volvement and dedication to the community. As the principal of Arvada High School, Gina has gone above and beyond to portray a posi-tive, kind and community minded image in Ar-vada. Every day she works to change the story of Arvada High School and improve the outcomes for her students, which ensures a bright future for our families and our commu-nity. Congratulations to Gina Rivas for this well- deserved award, and I thank her for her con-tribution to our community. COMMEMORATING PFC LEO J. POWERS AND 2LT ROBERT CRAIG HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr Speaker, I rise today to recognize two Medal of Honor recipients, PFC Leo J. Powers and 2LT Robert Craig, who will be included on the Ft. Wolters Medal of Honor Memorial in Mineral Wells, Texas on April 28, 2018. Established in 2013, the Medal of Honor Memorial lies at the heart of the quiet Ft. Wolters Historical park. This memorial features stone columns currently features the names of sixteen Medal of Honor recipients who trained at Ft. Wolters inscribed upon them. These in-scriptions share the stories of these heroes and the gallant actions they took to earn this honor. Later this month, two more individuals will be inscribed on this memorial, PFC Leo J Powers and 2LT Robert Craig. On February 3, 1944, PFC Leo was serving in the 133rd Infantry Regiment, 34th Infantry Division, who were heavily engaged with Axis Forces in the Battle of Monte Cassino. PFC Powers’ company was assigned to seize the heavily defended Hill 175. The Germans sup-pressed Powers and his fellow soldiers by fir-ing mortars and heavy machine gun fire. Un-able to advance and casualties mounting, Powers crawled towards the enemy strong-holds and destroyed them using hand gre-nades. After destroying the last of these posts, Powers took the surrender of four wounded Germans while unarmed Almost a year later, President Franklin D Roosevelt awarded Pow-ers with the Medal of Honor on January 10, 1945. Born in Scotland in 1919, Robert Craig emi-grated with his family to Toledo Ohio. In 1941, Craig enlisted in the Army before WWII and becoming a citizen. By 1943, Craig commis-sioned as an officer and was a Second Lieu-tenant with the 15th Infantry Regiment, part of the 3rd Infantry Division. In the early morning of July 10, 1943, 2LT Craig stormed ashore with his unit in the Licata area on the Gulf of Gela during the Invasion of Sicily. Over the next twenty-four hours, an enemy machine gun wounded multiple officers in Craig’s unit. He volunteered to find and destroy it Shortly after, the platoon he led was counter-attacked by an enemy force that was three times larger. He used himself as a diversion to allow his men to reach cover along a hill crest. 2LT Craig’s heroic actions and self-sacrifice in-spired his men and rallied them to defeat the superior force. 2LT Craig was posthumously awarded our nation’s highest honor on May 26, 1944. We are blessed to live in a country with indi-viduals like the ones honored at Ft. Wolters Their actions embody our nation’s greatest ideals. They proceeded without hesitation to put their country’s needs, and more impor-tantly, the lives of the men around them, be-fore their own. Their stories of honor and sac-rifice represent an important part of our na-tion’s history. It is with great pleasure and honor that I am able to share PFC Leo J. Powers and 2LT Robert Craig story with all of my colleagues in the House. HONORING NORMA FULINARA PLACIDO HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Norma Fulinara Placido as she retires from 20 years of service as the President of the Filipino Community of Solano County. Ms. Placido was born in San Felipe, Zambales, Philippines. She graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education from Philippine Christian University and taught at an elementary school in her hometown until she immigrated to the United States in 1971. There she joined her husband, Leonardo Placido, who was serving in the U.S. Navy. While her husband was stationed in San Fran-cisco, California, Ms. Placido returned to school at Peralta College where she studied data processing. They later moved to Solano County where they raised their three daugh-ters, Norielyn, Arlene, and Lena. During her 20 year tenure as President of the Filipino Community of Solano County, Ms. Placido helped raise over $170,000 to provide scholarships for Filipino-American students pursuing higher education. She also spear-headed major renovations of the Filipino Com-munity Center. She oversaw and fundraised for the remodel of the original center and eventually the purchase of a newer and bigger building that was better equipped to meet the needs of the Filipino community. Finally, under her leadership, the Filipino Community of So-lano County contributed eyeglasses, books, and much needed funds to the survivors of devastating natural disasters in the Phil-ippines. Ms. Placido has led the organization with continued strength, humility, and fortitude. She has been a great asset to the lives of all Filipino-Americans in our community. Ms. Placido also mentors other Filipino- Americans in our community, with an aim to nurture their talents. Additionally, she pro-motes political empowerment and has helped Filipinos seeking public office, assisting may-oral and city council candidates in Vallejo as their campaign manager. Mr. Speaker, Norma Fulinara Placido de-serves to be recognized today for her leader-ship and commitment to the Filipino Commu-nity of Solano County. I am proud to have such a motivated and charitable person living and working in our community. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
THE B IN BUSH, RAISING THE BAR—IN HONOR OF FIRST LADY BARBARA BUSH 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of one of truly great First Ladies in our Nation’s history, Barbara Bush. As great as a First Lady she was, it pales in comparison to the kind of Mother, Wife, matriarch, and Grandmother she is. A great role model for all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.031 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE488 April 17, 2018 
young women to follow. Our Nation’s prayers go out to her and family. I include in the R
ECORD this poem penned in her honor by Al-bert Carey Caswell. 
THEB INBUSH, RAISING THE BAR (By Albert Carey Caswell) The B in Bush, Raising The Bar In every family In every house There is the greatest spouse The one who brings life into this world so all without Because, The Mother is The Heart of any home inside and out From which all great things come from no doubt Who bring the gift of life and love to this world to shout And who nurture and teach and raise their children with a love so devout And in that great American family of the Bush’s, Barbara is The B in Bush clearly no doubt. Raising The Bar in what a Mother and Ma-triarch and First Lady are all about With the kind of grace, strength, leadership, love, and example this world cannot live Without. And love and dedication which brings tears to our Lord’s eyes, and make’s The Angels up oh high shout For Barbara Bush is the pillar upon which this great American family was built upon, so all throughout The rock and foundation we know of now With that great love story of her and George Herbert Walker so all throughout Who built such a great American family of love and accomplishment, for all the world to tout Such a woman of character, strength, and class, the kind of example to all our children we must pass For these are the things in life and into the future that which last Like The Beatles said, ‘‘and in the end the love you send is equal to the number you make’’ In 73 years, through heart break, triumph, happiness and tears Barbara’s and George’s great love has all of us endeared And even though he would not eat his broc-coli it was clear, she still stood by her man here And now these words seem so clear For all our children to blossom and grow To find happiness know We must pass on to them such love and les-sons so Of a Mother’s Love like Barbara’s to know, of such caring and warmth for a child to be-come whole And Heaven holds a place For all loving and dedicated Mother’s like you Barbara, whose precious moments upon this world do not waste With all of your love and grace. For you are the B in The Bush family, the foundation, the pillar who raised The Bar make no mis-take, And for you my love, HEAVEN AWAITS, And you will look into your daughter Rob-in’s face. TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF CORDELL HENDERSON 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD the following Proclama-tion: Whereas, the 8th Congressional District of Michigan joins in celebration as we com-memorate Cordell Henderson as he is recog-nized with the Frederick Douglass Award by the Greater Lansing Area Club. Whereas, Mr. Henderson dedicated his ca-reer to helping both children and adults further their education for 45 years. Serving as a school principal, director of education, coun-selor and on multiple school boards and com-mittees, he changed and bettered the lives of countless members of our community over the course of his life. He has shared his knowl-edge and passion with those around him and dedicated himself to the ideals that advance our community. Let it be known, that the Member of the United States Congress, the Honorable Mi-chael D. Bishop of the 8th Congressional Dis-trict of the State of Michigan, hereby recog-nizes Cordell Henderson for his outstanding achievements. Therefore, this document is signed and dedicated to honor this milestone. May others know of my warmest wishes and continued support in the future. 
f 
SAS MANUFACTURING 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor SAS Manufacturing for being recognized as the 2017 Business Recognition Award winner by the Jefferson County Eco-nomic Development Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Business Recognition Award shows ap-preciation for a local company who has shown exceptional growth in primary employment, sales and/or capital investments in the last year. SAS Manufacturing is an advanced man-ufacturing firm with more than a decade of ex-perience providing cutting-edge solutions to aerospace, aviation, defense and energy orga-nizations worldwide. Today, it is a 21st Cen-tury manufacturing facility capable of meeting the rigorous standards of clients in aerospace, defense, energy and many commercial indus-tries where accuracy and precision are mis-sion critical. Congratulations to SAS Manufacturing for this well-deserved award, and I thank them for their contribution to our community. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF COM-MAND SERGEANT MAJOR KEN-NETH J. ‘‘ROCK’’ MERRITT 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career of Command Sergeant Major Kenneth J. ‘‘Rock’’ Merritt. During his 35 years of dedicated service, CSM Merritt served valiantly, made history and showed us all how to be a family man. After enlisting in the United States Army in 1942, CSM Merritt began his military career as a Private to Technical Sergeant in the HQ1 Light Machine Gun Platoon. Serving in combat all over the world allowed CSM Merritt to gain valuable experience that would shape his dis-tinguished career. Completing over 200 para-chute jumps, he was awarded a Gold Century Parachute Badge by the Original Airborne As-sociation. While stationed at Fort Bragg, lo-cated in North Carolina’s Eighth Congressional District, CSM Merritt made history for serving two tours as CSM of the XVIII Airborne Corps. In 1973, he was selected as one of the five Command Sergeant Majors in the Army al-lowed to serve five years beyond the manda-tory 30 years service prescribed by Army Reg-ulations. Additionally, CSM Merritt served five terms as President of the 508th Parachute In-fantry Regiment Association, three terms as Vice President of the Association and many years as Association Parliamentarian. Deployed on numerous operational assign-ments all over the globe and through some of our nation’s toughest times, CSM Merritt stood ready to answer the call to serve our nation. Throughout these operations, he delivered on the promise to keep America safe and con-front our enemies under the most difficult con-ditions. During these deployments, CSM Merritt re-ceived numerous medals and recognitions for his service, including the Silver Star Medal, Legion of Merit Medal, Bronze Star Medal with two oak/leaf clusters, Meritorious Service Medal with two clusters, Army Commendation Medal with three clusters, Combat Infantry Badge, Presidential Unit Citation, Masters Parachutists Badge with two combat jump stars, National Defense Medal, European The-ater of Operations Medal with Invasion Arrow-head and four battle stars, European Victory Medal, and the Occupation Medal with Ger-many Bar. While fighting our nation’s battles overseas, CSM Merritt’s most important commitment re-mained to his family back home. He was mar-ried to his lovely wife, Sally, for more than 60 years before she passed away, and they raised three wonderful children during CMS Merritt’s illustrious career. This country cannot repay the debt we owe to CSM Merritt and his family—the Merritts are true American heroes. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the career of the Command Ser-geant Major Kenneth J. ‘‘Rock’’ Merritt. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE VALUE OF THE U.S.-GUATEMALA RELA-TIONSHIP 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I had a productive and informative meeting last Friday, April 13, with Manuel Espina, Guatemala’s Ambassador to the United States. We discussed the strong economic relationship between our two coun-tries and our cooperative efforts to address drug trafficking and terrorism. I was particu-larly pleased to learn that Guatemala has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.035 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE489 April 17, 2018 
taken strong efforts on border security, includ-ing by detaining 44 individuals with possible ties to ISIS who were traveling with false doc-uments with the intention of using Guatemala as a transit point to reach the United States. I look forward to continuing working with my Guatemalan colleagues to strengthen the rela-tionship between our two countries. 
f 
GIRLS OF STEEL 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Girls of Steel robotics team on winning the Chairman’s Award at the March 2018 Greater Pittsburgh Regional FIRST Robotics Competi-tion in California, Pennsylvania. This prestigious award honors the team that best represents a model for other teams to emulate—and best embodies the purpose and goals of FIRST. This award qualifies them to attend Championships that will be held in De-troit, Michigan, at the end of April 2018. FIRST, which stands for ‘‘For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology,’’ is an organization dedicated to engaging our students in STEM fields. Hundreds of thou-sands of students gain practical, team-based engineering experiences through FIRST every year. As a founder and co-chair of the Congres-sional Robotics Caucus, I believe competitions like these are incredible tools for helping our young people to explore potential careers in STEM. I’ve witnessed firsthand the incredible economic growth and development that these fields can bring in my home district, and I strongly believe that these fields are crucial to our nation’s future prosperity. I want to com-mend organizations like FIRST for their impor-tant work in encouraging young people in these pursuits. The FIRST Robotics Competi-tion allows students to apply creativity and crit-ical thinking in the demanding and competitive field of robotics, all while instilling a strong sense of pride in participants. Thomas Pope, Systems Manager for the In-stitute for Software Research at Carnegie Mel-lon University’s School of Computer Science, won the prestigious Woodie Flowers Finalist Award at the Greater Pittsburgh Regional competition. This award is presented to an outstanding mentor in the robotics competition who best leads, inspires, and empowers their team using excellent communication skills in the art and science of engineering and design. Kristina Hilko, a junior from Penn Hills High School, was a FIRST Dean’s List Finalist at the Greater Pittsburgh Regional competition. This award recognizes an outstanding student leader whose passion for, and effectiveness at, attaining FIRST ideals is exemplary. In March at the FIRST Miami Valley Re-gional (MVR) in Ohio, the Girls of Steel won the FIRST Team Spirit award that celebrates extraordinary enthusiasm and spirit through exceptional partnership and teamwork in fur-thering the objectives of FIRST. This award recognizes the impact that these young women are having in our community as they enthusiastically spread the word about FIRST and STEM—Science, Technology, Engineer-ing, and Math. As a result of those efforts, Girls of Steel are often featured in print media and blog posts. For the first time, they were also regional fi-nalists at MVR with their award-winning robot. I think that their remarkable accomplish-ments speak volumes about the dedication these young women have demonstrated in pursuing STEM careers, their ability to sustain their team, and the thousands of hours they have spent collectively doing outreach in the community. Seventy-one young women from 8th through 12th grades associated with schools located in and around the Pittsburgh area represent this year’s Girls of Steel program, and in recogni-tion of their hard work, intelligence, and team-work, I would like to mention each of these in-spiring young ladies by name. They are Alex-andria Adams, Aeryn Anderson, Meghna Behari, Emilia Bianchini, Emma Burnett, Gracie Cain, Rosy Chen, Suan Cho, Maria Chutko, Maya Cranor, Claire Cummings, Maansi Dasari, Riley Doyle, Anna Fedele, Rozie Fero, Isabella Florian, Alexandra George, Teadora Gildengers, Corinne Hart-man, Sofia Heller, Kristina Hilko, Maia Hochheiser, Anna Jablonowski, Caroline Kenney, Janise Kim, Isabelle Kowenhoven, Mary Laird, Alice Liu, Sally Liu, Eve Mango, Svea McCann, Delaynie McMillan, Sree Mekala, Lauren Michaels, Abbey Murcek, Anna Nesbitt, Anne Kailin Northam, Jimin Oh, Helen Paulini, Lehka Pendyala, Emma Prokop, Grace Raida, Lauren Raida, Ananya Rao, Priya Ray, Sedona Rocher, Rachel Sadeh, Brittany Sadej, Lauren Scheller-Wolf, Sarah Seay, Alexa Selwood, Swathi Senthil, Kriti Shah, Vivian Shao, Lauren Shovlin, Makayla Shreve, Isha Sinha, Amari Smith, Imani Smith, Kavya Soman, Aditi Srivastava, Anna Staresinic, Aditri Thakur, Mikayla Trost, Langley Turcsanyi, Anja Vojt, Janet Wang, Al-exandria Westray, Rebecca Wettergreen, Ziya Xu, and Julia Young. Additionally, I want to commend the faculty and staff of Carnegie Mellon University’s Field Robotics Center, who have mentored the Girls of Steel since 2010. As a result of their efforts, more young women experience real-world technological challenges and learn from some of the nation’s best at solving these problems. These experiences will certainly benefit these young women in the future. I look forward to hearing about their progress as they advance to the FIRST Dis-trict Championship in Detroit—one of the larg-est competitions of its kind. It’s the equivalent of the Super Bowl for robotics. This will be their eighth consecutive trip in eight years and they will be competing against top teams from all over the world. I want to congratulate the Girls of Steel on their accomplishments. I wish them the best of luck in the upcoming robotics competition as well as continued success in their future aca-demic and professional endeavors. 
f 
HONORING MRS. DONNA BRITT 
HON. GARRET GRAVES 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Donna Britt, a be-loved community leader and longtime local tel-evision personality well known throughout my hometown of Baton Rouge, Louisiana and the surrounding area. Mrs. Britt will be recognized with the prestigious 12 Points Award at a Boy Scouts ceremony this month—a reward re-served for high caliber leaders whose lives embody the 12 traits that the program seeks to instill in its participants: trustworthiness, loy-alty, helpfulness, friendliness, courteousness, kindness, obedience, cheerfulness, thriftiness, bravery, cleanliness and reverence. You’d be hard pressed, Mr. Speaker, to find a more fit-ting recipient than Donna, who has been a shining example of these values through her professional and personal life. An accom-plished woman in media, Donna is a Public Relations Association of Louisiana Communi-cator of the Year and a recipient of the Life-time Achievement Award from the Louisiana Association of Broadcasters, the Award of Ex-cellence from Women in Media and the Volun-teer Activist Award from the Emerge Center. She is also a breast cancer survivor currently battling a recent ALS diagnosis. Despite these medical challenges, Donna’s resilience and warmth are unwavering—a mentality perhaps best revealed through her own personal mantra: ‘‘meet each new challenge and mas-ter it.’’ Reflecting on her life and career in a recent interview, she remarked, ‘‘I’ve been very blessed, and challenges remind us what is important in life.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, on be-half of countless people across South Lou-isiana who have been blessed by Donna Britt, I’d like to point out that her example helps re-mind all of us about what is important in life. Congratulations, Donna, on this well-deserved award. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, on April 16, 2018, I missed votes in the House in order to attend funeral services for my late brother. Had I been present, I would have voted: AYE on Roll Call No. 140—the Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act, H.R. 146; and AYE on Roll Call No. 141—the National Memorial to Fallen Educators Act, S. 167. 
f 
IN HONOR OF PETER AND JOANNE LINDAHL’S 50TH WEDDING ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Peter and Jo-anne Lindahl on the celebration of their 50th Wedding Anniversary. This significant benchmark is a symbol of their commitment to each other and to their family. I am happy to join their friends and family in extending my best to them on this special occasion. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Peter and Joanne on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.038 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE490 April 17, 2018 
the celebration of their 50th Wedding Anniver-sary. I wish them the best today and for many more blessed years to come. 
f 
HONORING JACKSON SCOTT GARRETT 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Jackson Garrett. Jackson is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 314, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Jackson has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jackson has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Jack-son has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Jackson for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
f 
STEM PROGRAM AT WHEAT RIDGE HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the STEM Program at Wheat Ridge High School for being recognized as the 2017 Horizon Award winner by the Jefferson County Economic Development Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Horizon Award recognizes an organiza-tion or program that is a rising star in the com-munity and will contribute to the future eco-nomic vitality of Jefferson County. Established in 2014, Wheat Ridge High School’s STEM Program focuses on taking science, tech-nology, engineering & math taught in class and using it in a real-world application through the building of concept vehicles. Since it was created, it has expanded to 80 students. The cost to run the STEM program is approxi-mately $50,000 per year and 80 percent of these funds are raised by the students them-selves, expanding their learning opportunity into fundraising and finance. Participating stu-dents are responsible for all their own fund-raising, marketing, social media and videography. The Wheat Ridge High School STEM Program gives students real world ex-perience from concept to implementation and everything in between. Congratulations to the STEM Program at Wheat Ridge High School for this well-de-served award, and I thank them for their con-tribution to our community. TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THERESA RANDLEMAN HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD the following Proclama-tion: Whereas, the 8th Congressional District of Michigan joins in celebration as we com-memorate Theresa Randleman as she is rec-ognized with the Business Excellence Award by the Greater Lansing Area Club. Whereas, Ms. Randleman has dedicated her career to speaking on behalf of women and female youth with an emphasis on pro-ducing, hosting, and sponsoring female em-powerment programs. Her work ranges from international speaking which empowers women across the globe, to hosting local Expos which guide aspiring female entre-preneurs on the path to success. She has shared her knowledge and passion all around the world and dedicated herself to the ideals that advance our community. Let it be known, that the Member of the United States Congress, the Honorable M
I-
CHAEL D. B ISHOP of the 8th Congressional Dis-trict of the State of Michigan, hereby recog-nizes Theresa Randleman for her outstanding achievements. Therefore, this document is signed and dedicated to honor this milestone. May others know of my warmest wishes and continued support in the future. 
f 
TRUMP REPUBLICANS ARE WAG-ING WAR ON THE WORKING POOR 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my opposition to Executive Order 13828, entitled ‘‘Reducing Poverty in America by Promoting Opportunity and Eco-nomic Mobility,’’ issued by the President last Tuesday, April 10, 2018. The President would have the American people believe he is bringing the country to-gether and growing the economy for all Ameri-cans. Nothing could be further from the truth. Executive Order 13828 is a thinly-veiled at-tempt to restrict access to health care, hous-ing, food, and many other basic living pro-grams by adding onerous ‘‘work require-ments.’’ These social safety net programs provide necessary government assistance to help Americans families maintain a basic standard of living, and are a safety net for the poorest of the poor. Millions of Americans, despite working two jobs, depend on these programs just to keep food on the table and a roof over their heads for their families. In addition, the vast majority of full-time workers live paycheck to paycheck. In fact, 70 percent of Americans rely on at least one means tested federal program throughout their lives. America, one of the richest countries in the world, should be able to help families caught in, to use the celebrated LBJ biographer Rob-ert Caro’s famous phrase, the ‘‘tentacles of circumstance.’’ However, we have a president who is insen-sitive to the plights of every day Americans. Trump and the conservative acolytes who seek to implement his agenda paint an inac-curate portrayal of poor people as lazy ‘‘Wel-fare Queens’’ who would rather depend on the government than pull themselves up by their bootstraps, but nothing could be further from the true reality that millions of Americans face. Mr. Speaker, the President should know that it is unreasonable to expect the poorest peo-ple to pull themselves up by their bootstraps when they do not have boots. Our nation’s social safety net programs al-ready fail to help all of the families in need: Only 1 in 4 poor families with children re-ceive Temporary Assistance for Needy Fami-lies (TANF); SNAP only provide $1.40/per meal; and Housing assistance reaches just 1 in 5 eligi-ble families. That is because the federal government has failed to raise the minimum wage in almost a decade, so even if you work a full-time min-imum wage job, you are still living in poverty. Members of the CBC are here to tell the American people, do not be fooled. Donald Trump says this is about a ‘‘poverty trap,’’ but the real trap is not raising the min-imum wage. The President opposes increasing the min-imum wage and eliminating labor protections for middle and lower income workers in the Af-rican American community. Mr. Speaker, raising the minimum wage to just $12 per hour would save $53 billion in SNAP benefits alone. Wage gaps between are larger today than they were in 1979. For example, African American men’s aver-age hourly wages were 22.2 percent lower than those of white men in 1979 and declined to 31.0 percent lower by 2015. Young African American women have been hardest hit since 2000. The racial wealth gap is much larger than the wage or income gap by race. Average wealth for white families is seven times higher than average wealth for African American families. Worse still, median white wealth (wealth for the family in the exact middle of the overall distribution—wealthier than half of all families and less-wealthy than half) is twelve times higher than median African American wealth. Wage gaps are growing primarily because of discrimination and racial differences in skills and worker characteristics. Declining unionization has also had a role in the growing black-white wage gap, particularly for men newly joining the workforce. African Americans have been disproportion-ately affected by the growing gap between pay and productivity. Not only are the President’s policies divisive along racial and cultural lines, they also serve to further increase economic inequality due to their clear design in favor of the wealthiest among us at the expense of everyone else. Trump’s billionaire tax heist robs the U.S. Treasury of $1.5 trillion in resources that could be invested in economic growth in under-served communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.042 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE491 April 17, 2018 
The President has proposed doubling down on mass incarceration and the war on drugs, which drains the African American labor pool. The President has taken every opportunity to harm health care for African-Americans from sabotaging the ACA to ending Medicaid as we know it. This president is no friend to African Ameri-cans, or their pocket books. Trump also wants you to believe that he wants a bipartisan infrastructure plan. Do not be fooled. Trump’s review of ‘‘welfare programs’’ is an immoral attempt to gut the programs that pro-vide a basic standard of living for Americans struggling to make ends meet, all to pay for massive tax cuts to himself and the richest 1 percent. Instead, he should raise wages and invest in job training programs to prepare Americans for the work of the future. Mr. Speaker, our nation still has a long way to go before we achieve economic equality for all its citizens. The President and Congressional Repub-licans should work with Democrats to put more money in the pockets of hardworking Americans. At the end of the day, our constituents should be able to support their children with one full-time job. Ultimately, we need to give families the tools they need to rise out of poverty, not un-dercut programs that keep them afloat. HONORING THE 90TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CALTRANS STRUCTURE MAINTENANCE & INVESTIGA-TIONS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) Office of Structure Maintenance & Investigations upon the occa-sion of its 90th anniversary since its creation. The Office of Structure Maintenance & In-vestigations engineers and structural techni-cians perform ongoing inspection of more than 24,000 state highway and locally owned bridges within the boundaries of the Golden State. They ensure the safety of the traveling public and to protect the public’s multi-billion dollar investment in its bridge inventory; and Since its creation in 1927 California’s bridge inspection unit has completed nearly 770,000 routine bridge inspections, and thousands of special steel, underwater, hydraulic, sign structure and tunnel inspections. The bridge inspection program has become the model for other bridge departments in the United States and around the world. Structure Maintenance & Investigations, based on the findings of its inspections, has worked with its District Maintenance counter-parts to complete hundreds of millions of re-pairs to ensure the safety and structural integ-rity of each public agency bridge in California. The dedicated personnel of Structure Mainte-nance & Investigations has responded over its nine decades of service to every emergency impacting the state’s bridge inventory, includ-ing the 1989 Loma Prieta and 2011 Napa earthquakes. Mr. Speaker, Caltrans Office of Structure Maintenance & Investigations and its employ-ees have kept California’s highways and bridges safe. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor the Office and employees past and present today. 
f 
ZIMMER BIOMET SPINE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, April 17, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Zimmer Biomet Spine for being recognized as the 2017 Business Recognition Award winner by the Jefferson County Eco-nomic Development Corporation (Jeffco EDC). The Business Recognition Award shows ap-preciation for a local company who has shown exceptional growth in primary employment, sales and/or capital investments in the last year. Zimmer Biomet Spine is a leader in re-storing mobility, alleviating pain, and improving the quality of life for patients around the world by delivering surgeons a comprehensive port-folio of quality spine technologies and proce-dural innovation. It maintains world-class sci-entific facilities and resources and collaborates with leading clinicians and researchers around the world. Today, it has operations in more than 25 countries and sells products in more than 100 countries. Congratulations to Zimmer Biomet Spine for this well-deserved award, and I thank them for their contribution to our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17AP8.045 E17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D404 Tuesday, April 17, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2191–S2226 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and three reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2681–2691, and S. Res. 470–472.
                                              Page S2218 
Measures Passed: Hack the Department of Homeland Security Act: Senate passed S. 1281, to establish a bug boun-ty pilot program within the Department of Home-land Security, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S2223–25 
McConnell (for Hassan) Amendment No. 2238, of a perfecting nature.
                                                   Page S2224 
Vietnam Veterans Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 471, designating March 29, 2018, as ‘‘Vietnam Vet-erans Day’’.
                                                                   Page S2225 
Gold Star Wives Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 472, designating April 5, 2018, as ‘‘Gold Star Wives Day’’.
                                                                                Page S2225 
Measures Considered: Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance With the Equal Credit Opportunity Act—Agreement: Senate began consideration of S.J. Res. 57, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’, after agreeing to the motion to proceed.
                        Pages S2200–11, S2211–15 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 75), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of the joint resolution.
                                                  Page S2200 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the joint resolu-tion at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, April 18, 2018, with the time until 12 noon, equal-ly divided between the managers, or their designees; that at 12 noon, Senate vote on passage of the joint resolution; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture with respect to the House message to accom-pany S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, occur following disposition of S.J. Res. 57.                                                                                             Page S2225 
Appointments: Migratory Bird Conservation Commission: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 70–770, the appointment of the following individual to the Migratory Bird Con-servation Commission: Senator Boozman.
     Page S2223 
Muniz Nomination—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education.
                                                            Pages S2193–99 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding Rule XXII, if appli-cable, at 1 p.m., on Wednesday, April 18, 2018, Senate continue consideration of the nomination, with one hour of debate remaining, equally divided between Senator Gillibrand, or her designee, and Senator Alexander, or his designee, on the nomina-tion; and that following the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomi-nation under the previous orders of April 9, 2018 and April 16, 2018.
                                               Page S2199 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: David Fabian Black, of North Dakota, to be Dep-uty Commissioner of Social Security for the term ex-piring January 19, 2019. Andrew M. Saul, of New York, to be Commis-sioner of Social Security for the term expiring Janu-ary 19, 2019. Andrew M. Saul, of New York, to be Commis-sioner of Social Security for the term expiring Janu-ary 19, 2025. Alexander Crenshaw, of Florida, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Millennium Chal-lenge Corporation for a term of three years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17AP8.REC D17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D405 April 17, 2018 
Louis DeJoy, of North Carolina, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private In-vestment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2020. Frederick Perpall, of Texas, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2020. Susan M. McCue, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation for a term of two years. Victoria Ann Hughes, of Virginia, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2021. Heather Reynolds, of Texas, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service for a term expiring September 14, 2021. Gina Haspel, of Kentucky, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.
                               Page S2226 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2215 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2215 
Executive Communications:                             Page S2215 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S2215–18 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2218–19 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2219–22 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2223 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2223 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—75)
                                                                   Page S2200 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:24 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, April 18, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2225.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the National Guard and Reserve, after receiving testimony from General Joseph L. Lengyel, Chief, National Guard Bureau, Lieutenant General Charles D. Luckey, Chief, Army Reserve, Lieutenant General Maryanne Miller, Chief, Air Force Reserve, Vice Admiral Luke M. McCollum, Chief, Navy Re-serve, and Lieutenant General Rex C. McMillian, Commander, Marine Corps Forces Reserve, all of the Department of Defense. NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Admiral Philip S. Davidson, USN, for reappointment to the grade of admiral and to be Commander, United States Pacific Command, and General Terrence J. O’Shaughnessy, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States Northern Command, and Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command, both of the Department of Defense, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower concluded a hearing to examine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program, after receiving testi-mony from James F. Geurts, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisi-tion, Vice Admiral William R. Merz, USN, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Warfare Systems (OPNAV N9), and Lieutenant General Robert S. Walsh, USMC, Deputy Commandant for Combat Development and Integration, Commanding General, Marine Corps Combat Development Command, and Commander, Marine Forces Strategic Command, all of the Department of Defense. NOMINATIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Thelma Drake, of Virginia, to be Federal Transit Administrator, Department of Trans-portation, Jeffrey Nadaner, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Commerce, and Seth Daniel Ap-pleton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, after the nomi-nees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Karl L. Schultz, to be Admiral and to be Commandant of the Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17AP8.REC D17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD406 April 17, 2018 
NATIONAL PARK SERVICE OVERSIGHT Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine deferred maintenance and operational needs of the National Park Service, after receiving testimony from Lena McDowall, Deputy Director for Management and Administration, National Park Service, Department of the Interior; Will Shafroth, National Park Foun-dation, Washington, D.C.; Marc Berejka, Rec-reational Equipment, Inc., Kent, Washington; Sarah Leonard, Alaska Travel Industry Association, An-chorage; Shawn Regan, Property and Environment Research Center, Bozeman, Montana; and Richard G. Ring, Coalition to Protect America’s National Parks, Bethesda, Maryland. U.S. POLICY IN YEMEN Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States policy in Yemen, after receiving testimony from David M. Satterfield, Acting Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs; Robert Karem, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Policy; and Robert Jenkins, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, United States Agency for International Development. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5526–5544; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 133 and H. Res. 833 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H3395–96 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H3397 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bishop (UT) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3345 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:52 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H3351 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act: H.R. 4403, amended, to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable information; 
                                                                                    Pages H3359–64 
Requiring notice from the Secretary of the Treasury in the case of any closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center: H.R. 5440, amended, to require notice from the Secretary of the Treasury in the case of any closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center; 
                                                                                    Pages H3364–66 
Amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to restrict the immediate sale of seized property by the Secretary of the Treasury to perishable goods: H.R. 5446, amended, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to restrict the immediate sale of seized property by the Secretary of the Treasury to perishable goods;
                                                Pages H3366–67 Amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow officers and employees of the Department of the Treasury to provide to taxpayers information regarding low-income taxpayer clinics: H.R. 5438, amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow officers and employees of the Depart-ment of the Treasury to provide to taxpayers infor-mation regarding low-income taxpayer clinics; 
                                                                                    Pages H3367–68 
Requiring the Secretary of the Treasury to es-tablish a program for the issuance of identity pro-tection personal identification numbers: H.R. 5437, amended, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a program for the issuance of identity protection personal identification numbers; 
                                                                                    Pages H3369–70 
Providing for a single point of contact at the In-ternal Revenue Service for the taxpayers who are victims of tax-related identity theft: H.R. 5439, amended, to provide for a single point of contact at the Internal Revenue Service for the taxpayers who are victims of tax-related identity theft; 
                                                                                    Pages H3370–71 
Amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require electronic filing of the annual returns of exempt organizations and provide for making such returns available for public inspection: H.R. 5443, amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require electronic filing of the annual re-turns of exempt organizations and provide for mak-ing such returns available for public inspection; 
                                                                                    Pages H3371–72 
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Permanence Act: H.R. 2901, amended, to amend the Internal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17AP8.REC D17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D407 April 17, 2018 
Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the Vol-unteer Income Tax Assistance matching grant pro-gram; and
                                                              Pages H3373–75 
Social Security Child Protection Act of 2018: H.R. 1512, amended, to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide for the reissuance of Social Security account numbers to young children in cases where confidentiality has been compromised. 
                                                                                    Pages H3375–77 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:42 p.m. and recon-vened at 4 p.m.
                                                  Pages H3372–73 
Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act: The House passed H.R. 5192, to authorize the Commis-sioner of Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud protection data to certain permitted entities, by a yea-and-nay vote of 420 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 142.
                                                                          Pages H3377–81 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–68 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill.
    Page H3377 
H. Res. 830, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5192) was agreed to by voice vote, after the previous question was ordered without ob-jection.
                                                                    Pages H3353–56 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 833, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H3381 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 115, author-izing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Na-tional Peace Officers Memorial Service and the Na-tional Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. 
                                                                                            Page H3381 
Providing for a recess of the House for a joint meeting to receive His Excellency Emmanuel Macron, President of the French Republic: Agreed by unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Wednesday, April 25, 2018, for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excellency Emmanuel Macron, Presi-dent of the French Republic.
                              Page H3381 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act: H.R. 2905, amended, to require the At-torney General to establish procedures for expedited review of the case of any person who unlawfully so-licits personal information for purposes of commit-ting identity theft, while purporting to be acting on behalf of the IRS.                                              Pages H3356–59 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H3356. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H3380–81. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:23 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—OFFICE OF PUBLIC AND INDIAN HOUSING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Of-fice of Public and Indian Housing. Testimony was heard from Dominique Blom, General Deputy As-sistant Secretary for Public and Indian Housing, De-partment of Housing and Urban Development. APPROPRIATIONS—U.S. COAST GUARD Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-land Security held a budget hearing on the U.S. Coast Guard. Testimony was heard from Com-mandant Paul F. Zukunft, U.S. Coast Guard. MEMBER DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Dingell, Hill, and Suozzi. APPROPRIATIONS—INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Indian Health Service. Testi-mony was heard from Rear Admiral Michael D. Weahkee, Acting Director, Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services. APPROPRIATIONS—GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a budget hearing on the General Services Administration. Tes-timony was heard from Emily W. Murphy, Admin-istrator, General Services Administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17AP8.REC D17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD408 April 17, 2018 
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AND OUTSIDE WITNESSES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Mem-bers of Congress and Outside Witnesses’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Takano, McGovern, and Hultgren; and public witnesses. MEMBER DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Hill, Moore, and Watson Coleman. MEMBER DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Walz, Tenney, Rutherford, Takano, Hill, and Kuster of New Hampshire. APPROPRIATIONS—FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on the Food and Drug Administration. Testi-mony was heard from Scott Gottlieb, M.D., Com-missioner, Food and Drug Administration. PROMOTING DOD’S CULTURE OF INNOVATION Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting DoD’s Culture of Inno-vation’’. Testimony was heard from Michael D. Grif-fin, Under Secretary of Defense for Research and En-gineering, Department of Defense; and Eric Schmidt, Chairman, Defense Innovation Board, Department of Defense. FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET REQUEST FOR MISSILE DEFENSE AND MISSILE DEFEAT PROGRAMS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for Missile Defense and Mis-sile Defeat Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General James H. Dickinson, Com-manding General, U.S. Army Space and Missile De-fense Command/Army Forces Strategic Command and Joint Functional Component Command for Inte-grated Missile Defense; Lieutenant General Samuel Greaves, Director, Missile Defense Agency; General Lori Robinson, Commander, U.S. Northern Com-mand and North American Aerospace Defense Com-mand; and John Rood, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Department of Defense. FRAUD, MISMANAGEMENT, NON- COMPLIANCE, AND SAFETY: THE HISTORY OF FAILURES OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE Committee on Education and The Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fraud, Mismanage-ment, Non-Compliance, and Safety: The History of Failures of the Corporation for National and Com-munity Service’’. Testimony was heard from Barbara Stewart, Chief Executive Officer, Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION AND THE FY2019 BUDGET Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the FY2019 Budget’’. Testimony was heard from the fol-lowing Federal Energy Regulatory Commission offi-cials: Neil Chatterjee, Commissioner; Richard Glick, Commissioner; Cheryl A. LaFleur, Commissioner; Kevin J. McIntyre, Chairman; and Robert F. Powelson, Commissioner. FROM CORE TO EDGE: PERSPECTIVE ON INTERNET PRIORITIZATION Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘From Core to Edge: Perspective on Internet Prioritization’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SEMI-ANNUAL TESTIMONY ON THE FEDERAL RESERVE’S SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE FINANCIAL SYSTEM Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Semi-Annual Testimony on the Federal Reserve’s Supervision and Regulation of the Financial System’’. Testimony was heard from Randal Quarles, Vice Chairman for Supervision, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. HOUSING CHOICE VOUCHER PROGRAM: AN OVERSIGHT AND REVIEW OF LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Housing Choice Voucher Program: An Oversight and Review of Legislative Proposals’’. Testimony was heard from Lynn Kovich, Deputy Secretary, Office of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services, Penn-sylvania Department of Human Services; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17AP8.REC D17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D409 April 17, 2018 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5040, the ‘‘Export Control Reform Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5129, the ‘‘Global Food Security Reauthorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5480, the ‘‘Women’s and Economic Empowerment Act’’; and H.R. 5274, the ‘‘Global Electoral Exchange Act’’. H.R. 5480, H.R. 5274, H.R. 5129, and H.R. 5040 were ordered reported, as amended. REINFORCING THE U.S.-TAIWAN RELATIONSHIP Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reinforcing the U.S.-Taiwan Relationship’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. STATE SPONSORS OF TERRORISM: AN EXAMINATION OF IRAN’S GLOBAL TERRORISM NETWORK Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence held a hearing en-titled ‘‘State Sponsors of Terrorism: An Examination of Iran’s Global Terrorism Network’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Prisons’’. Testimony was heard from Mark Inch, Director, Federal Bureau of Prisons. SAFEGUARDING TRADE SECRETS IN THE UNITED STATES Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘Safeguarding Trade Secrets in the United States’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 4528, to make technical amendments to certain ma-rine fish conservation statutes, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 5248, the ‘‘Sustainable Shark Fisheries and Trade Act’’; and H.R. 1456, the ‘‘Shark Fin Sales Elimination Act of 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Alan Risenhoover, Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, Department of Commerce; and public wit-nesses. CONTINUED OVERSIGHT OVER THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Continued Oversight Over the Internal Revenue Service’’. Testi-mony was heard from J. David Kautter, Acting Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service; J. Russell George, Inspector General, Treasury Inspector Gen-eral for Tax Administration; and Nina E. Olson, Na-tional Taxpayer Advocate, Internal Revenue Service. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 5509, the ‘‘Innova-tions in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act’’; and H.R. 5503, the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2018’’. H.R. 5509 and H.R. 5503 were ordered reported, as amended. SMALL BUSINESS RETIREMENT PLANS AND THE IRS’ EMPLOYEE PLANS FEE CHANGE Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Small Business Retirement Plans and the IRS’ Employee Plans Fee Change’’. Testimony was heard from Sunita Lough, Project Director, Tax Reform Implementation Office, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury. OVERSIGHT OF THE SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Surface Transportation Board Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Ann D. Begeman, Chairman, Surface Transportation Board; and Deb Miller, Vice Chairman, Surface Transportation Board. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing on H.R. 1506, the ‘‘VA Health Care Provider Education Debt Relief Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2322, the ‘‘Injured and Amputee Vet-erans Bill of Rights’’; H.R. 3832, the ‘‘Veterans Opioid Abuse Prevention Act’’; H.R. 4334, the ‘‘Im-proving Oversight of Women Veterans’ Care Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4635, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to increase the number of peer-to-peer counselors providing counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes; legislation on the VA Medic-inal Cannabis Research Act of 2018; and legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17AP8.REC D17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD410 April 17, 2018 
to make certain improvements in the Family Care-giver Program. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives O’Rourke, Walberg, Dunn, Correa, and Coffman; and public witnesses. JOBS AND OPPORTUNITY: FEDERAL PERSPECTIVES ON THE JOBS GAP Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Jobs and Opportunity: Federal Perspectives on the Jobs Gap’’. Testimony was heard from R. Alexander Acosta, Secretary, Department of Labor. 
Joint Meetings 
FEDERAL BUDGET PROCESS Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Proc-ess Reform: Committee concluded a hearing to exam-ine opportunities to significantly improve the Fed-eral budget process, after receiving testimony from Douglas Holtz-Eakin, American Action Forum, Washington, D.C.; and Martha B. Coven, Princeton University Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, Princeton, New Jersey. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation within the Department of the Interior, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold hearings to examine ac-celerating new technologies to meet emerging threats, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine Air Force modernization in review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 3:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine abusive robocalls and how to stop them, 10 a.m., SR–253. Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine Olympic abuse, focusing on the role of national gov-erning bodies in protecting our athletes, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine the appropriate role of states and the Federal government in protecting groundwater, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Pub-lished Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Im-paired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, done at Marrakesh on June 27, 2013 (Marrakesh Treaty) (Treaty Doc.114–06), 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David Williams, of Illinois, Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, and Calvin R. Tucker, of Pennsylvania, each to be a Gov-ernor of the United States Postal Service, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-ing to examine the 30th anniversary of tribal self-govern-ance, focusing on successes in self-governance and an out-look for the next 30 years, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Patent and Trademark Office, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration, to hold hearings to examine strengthening and reforming America’s immigration court system, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Paul R. Lawrence, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Benefits of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, 12 noon, S–216, Capitol. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine exploitation of older Americans by guardians and others they trust, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2, the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, budget hearing enti-tled ‘‘Member Day’’, 9 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 1 p.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, budget hearing enti-tled ‘‘Member Day’’, 10 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Health and Human Services Biodefense Activities’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, budget hearing on the Office of Management and Budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the Bureau of the Cen-sus, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17AP8.REC D17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D411 April 17, 2018 budget hearing on the Office of the Secretary of Agri-culture, Department of Agriculture, 1:30 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, budget hearing on the Judiciary, 2 p.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the Office of Compliance, 2:30 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing on the Congressional Budget Office, 3:30 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight and Reform of the Department of Defense ‘4th Estate’ ’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Energy, Installations and Environment Budget Request’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Ground Force Modernization Budget Re-quest for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 3 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, markup on H.R. 4606, the ‘‘Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act’’; H.R. 5174, the ‘‘Energy Emergency Leadership Act’’; H.R. 5175, the ‘‘Pipeline and LNG Facility Cybersecurity Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 5239, the ‘‘Cyber Sense Act’’; and H.R. 5240, the ‘‘En-hancing Grid Security through Public-Private Partner-ships Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward a Turbulent Middle East’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘The Dayton Legacy and the Future of Bosnia and the Western Balkans’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Libya Fractured: The Struggle for Unity’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘From Boston to Austin: Lessons Learned on Homeland Threat Information Sharing’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 788, the ‘‘Target Practice and Marksmanship Training Support Act’’; H.R. 1026, the ‘‘North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjustment Act’’; H.R. 1037, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Serv-ices Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes; H.R. 2991, the ‘‘Susquehanna Na-tional Heritage Area Act’’; H.R. 3400, the ‘‘Recreation Not Red-Tape Act’’; H.R. 4069, to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to clarify the treatment of authentic Alaska Native articles of handicraft containing nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes; and H.R. 4645, the ‘‘East Rosebud Wild and Scenic Rivers Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on H.R. 3846, the ‘‘Power Counties Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Top Management and Perform-ance Challenges Identified Government-wide by the In-spector General Community’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing en-titled ‘‘Game Changers: Artificial Intelligence Part III, Artificial Intelligence and Public Policy’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Composite Materials—Strengthening Infrastructure Development’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of the Small Business Adminis-tration’s 7(a) Loans to Poultry Farmers’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: to hold hearings to examine the history and struc-ture of the multiemployer pension system, 2 p.m., SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17AP8.REC D17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD412 April 17, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, April 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S.J. Res. 57, Indirect Auto Lending and Compli-ance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, with a vote on passage of the joint resolution at 12 noon, to be fol-lowed by a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 140, Amending The White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act, with further amend-ment. If cloture is not invoked, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of James Bridenstine, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration. At 2 p.m., Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination of Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, April 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 5444—Taxpayer First Act (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 5445—21st Century IRS Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Mike, Mich., E480, E483, E486, E487, E488, E490 Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E479 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E479 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E483 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E489 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E480 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E489 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E481 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E485 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E482 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E486 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E487 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E485 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E481 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E481 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E489 Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E481, E486 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E483 Garamendi, John, Calif., E479 Graves, Garret, La., E489 Graves, Sam, Mo., E480, E484, E490 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E481 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E481 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E488 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E490 Johnson, Mike, La., E482 Katko, John, N.Y., E479 Keating, William R., Mass., E482 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E480 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E483 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E488 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E483 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E481 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E480, E481, E482, E483, E485, E486, E487, E488, E490, E491 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E479 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E487 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E485 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E486 Taylor, Scott, Va., E484 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E480, E482, E484, E487, E491 Titus, Dina, Nev., E481 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D17AP8.REC D17APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST