Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5227 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 2018 No. 102 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ILL). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 19, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable J. F
RENCH  H
ILLto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE SCHOOL MEALS PARITY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the Federal School Meals Parity Act with my colleague Con-gresswoman S
TACEY PLASKETT of the U.S. Virgin Islands as the original co-sponsor. Our bill would ensure that Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands are reimbursed fairly under the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s in-school meal and child nutrition programs. These USDA programs provide nutri-tionally balanced meals to needy K–12 students each school day, including a breakfast, a lunch, and an after-school snack. For many needy school children, these USDA programs often provide their only well-balanced or full meal of the day. These important Federal nutrition programs serve millions—millions—of American schoolchildren nationally, including some 18,000 Guam students and more than 10,000 students from the Virgin Islands. However, current USDA regulations reimburse Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands at the rate for the continental United States. At the same time, our peer outlying jurisdictions—Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico—receive a much higher reimbursement rate. According to USDA, the higher reim-bursement rates for these States and territory reflect higher costs of deliv-ering these programs in those outlying jurisdictions. Well, we agree wholeheartedly that all outlying jurisdictions should be re-imbursed at higher rates than the mainland United States because of these higher costs. All five territories and both States outside the continental United States share the challenges of higher costs of living, fewer locally available re-sources, and greater percentages of schoolchildren from underserved households. Indeed, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands both have higher costs of living, lower median household incomes, and greater unemployment than the main-land United States. Both territories face much higher costs for imported food, transportation, fuel, refrigera-tion, and other everyday necessities than the mainland. Certainly, Guam is the furthest of the territories. To address these inadequacies, our bill would require that the USDA reim-burse Guam at the same rate as its peer jurisdictions, Alaska and Hawaii; and the USDA reimburse the U.S. Vir-gin Islands at the same rate as neigh-boring Puerto Rico. Under the Federal School Meals Par-ity Act, public, Department of Defense, and private schools on Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands would receive addi-tional Federal funding to provide more in-school nutritious meals to our needy students. Lastly, our bill directs USDA to com-plete a report comparing the costs of providing in-school meals to students in all five U.S. territories with the mainland 48 States and the outlying States of Alaska and Hawaii. I continue working in partnership with Congresswoman PLASKETT to en-sure that parity for Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands under USDA’s in-school meal and child nutrition programs. So as Congress works to finalize the 2018 farm bill, I hope that our col-leagues will provide equitable reim-bursement for Guam and the U.S. Vir-gin Islands. For me and Congresswoman P
LASKETT , this is an issue of funda-mental fairness for the territories and our students. It must be a priority for our House and Senate colleagues as well. 
f 
LET US DEBATE THE WAR IN AFGHANISTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, with the multitude of serious issues and prob-lems facing our Nation, one important issue has been forgotten: Afghanistan. That brings me to a moving Wash-ington Post feature written by Greg Jaffe on May 27 titled ‘‘Imperfect An-swers—A Son Was Killed in Action and His Parents Ask Why.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.000 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5228 June 19, 2018 
I would like to share an excerpt from the article: ‘‘Ten days since Gabe was killed. Bob and Donna Conde were sit-ting on a couch in their basement sur-rounded by relatives, close friends, and 16 of the soldiers who fought alongside their son in Afghanistan. ‘‘The soldiers had been back in the United States for just a few days—ex-hausted from their 9-month deploy-ment and relieved to be home. They had come to this small farming town an hour’s drive from Denver to help bury Spec. Gabriel Conde. . . . ‘‘By the time Gabe deployed in Sep-tember, the war had fallen so far out of the headlines that Bob found it hard to figure out why the U.S. military was still in Afghanistan. He tried to read up on the war, but the news accounts of suicide bombings, civilian deaths, and political infighting never really made sense. They didn’t explain what Gabe was fighting for.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is why so many of us in the United States House of Rep-resentatives are disappointed, frus-trated. We have written numerous let-ters from Members of both parties ask-ing for a debate, and to this day, Mr. R
YAN, the Speaker, has not allowed the House to meet its constitutional re-sponsibility to debate and vote on a 17- year-old war. And as the Washington Post article notes, that is why the Conde family is so hurt. U.S. military members and their families deserve a debate on the future involvement in Afghanistan and committing our troops to other coun-tries around the world. Mr. Speaker, allow me to share with this body that the Commandant of the Marine Corps, the 31st Commandant, is a friend of mine, Chuck Krulak. He and I have communicated for 5 years on Af-ghanistan. He agrees with me there is nothing we are going to do to change it. And he said to me one time in an email: 
Let me say, no one has ever conquered Af-ghanistan, and many have tried. We will join the list of nations that have tried and failed. 
Again, this is the 31st Commandant of the Marine Corps, Chuck Krulak, who is now retired. Mr. Speaker, it makes no sense that our men and women in uniform have been there for 17 years. The Afghan Government will never change. History has proven that Afghanistan is a grave-yard of empires, and yet we in Congress who take an oath of office, and that oath says that we are responsible for voting to go to war, we can’t even get a debate. Speaker R
YAN, I know you have a lot to do, but for goodness’ sake, before you leave in January, let us have a de-bate on the future of Afghanistan. Let Members vote ‘‘yea’’ or ‘‘nay,’’ but at least give us a debate. It is very disappointing, Mr. Speaker, that you will not allow us to meet our constitutional responsibility. WE NEED TO COME TOGETHER TODAY ON IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) for 5 minutes. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I stand to address this Chamber at the start of this legislative week in a slightly dif-ferent mode of thinking than I usually do, because as we have become aware in the last couple of days, this country is in the midst of a moral and ethical emergency. Mr. Speaker, we debate lots of things on this floor, and that is a good thing. We argue about taxes. We argue about our budget. We argue about the best way to take care of our children, regu-lations, all sorts of things where the debate in this Chamber is constructive, sometimes to a good solution. What we have become aware of on our southern border is not a debatable thing. It transcends ideology. It tran-scends political party. It gets to the very moral core of all of us as individ-uals and at the very thing that makes this country truly exceptional. We are exceptional for a bunch of reasons. We are a very powerful coun-try. We are a very wealthy country. But there are other powerful and wealthy countries. What makes this country exceptional is that we stand up for values and mor-als and ethics. And there is no ethical or moral way to look at an agent of the United States Government removing a small child from the arms of his or her mother and to in any way say that that is a moral act consistent with the val-ues that make this country excep-tional. There is no debate. There is no ide-ology. There is no deterrent effect that would make that okay. Since our President is uninterested in doing what we all know he could do, which is to stop this immoral action right now, it is time for the Congress of the United States, the Representatives of the people of the United States, of the good people of the United States, to stand up today and say: That act will not be done in my name. We should have debates about immi-gration. We should solve the immigra-tion challenges that face us. But never ever, ever should we go to where we are today where the lives of young children are being used for a deterrent, are being used as legislative leverage. My colleagues, we have been here be-fore. We interned American citizens of Japanese descent, because at the time in World War II, we thought that they might be a threat. The President promulgates the no-tion that immigrants are a threat. To him, immigrants are MS–13. We are all immigrants. This country is great be-cause we are a Nation of immigrants. So it is time for us to set aside what-ever calculations, whatever ideology, whatever arguments might be made around the vexing problem of immigra-tion, and to stop the separation of ba-bies from their parents in our Nation today. If we don’t do that today, we will be complicit. The Representatives of the people will be complicit in a moral act that resonates with the internment of American citizens of Japanese descent. And I don’t think any Democrat or Re-publican in this Chamber wants their legacy to be that act. The President could fix this problem right now. It will take us a little longer, but because it will take us a lit-tle longer and because I do believe for all the arguments and dysfunction in this Chamber that we are fundamen-tally a moral group of people, reflec-tive of the ethical aspect of our con-stituents and of our country, that this afternoon is the time to come together to stop babies being taken from the arms of their parents in our country and in our name. 
f 
b1215 100 YEARS AFTER WORLD WAR I The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 100 years ago this month, American ma-rines forged their legend as the world’s most effective fighting force as they halted the German advance in France at the Battle of Belleau Wood. Less than 6 months later, World War I came to an end, and this year we mark the centennial anniversary of the conclu-sion of the planet’s first global con-flict. There was nothing like it before its time. It was the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month that all of the guns fell silent. After 4 years of war, 18 million people laid dead, 23 million others were wounded, and many of the old empires of Europe crumbled. Often called the War to End All Wars or the Great War, the First World War left a long shadow over history which we can still feel today. But none expe-rienced the horror of this war more than the 4 million Americans sent to fight over there in Europe and the fam-ilies they left behind. Their lives were immediately changed forever. The United States came late to the war, but when we arrived and restored hope to our European allies, we reached a defining moment in our his-tory and world history. Until that time, America was not a great power as we are today, but with the arrival of our doughboys, they ushered in a new era of freedom in Europe. This was the beginning of the American century, the New World superpower, the United States. Our military saw that it was their duty as champions of liberty to help our allies in need and to make the world safe for democracy. They went to liberate, not to conquer. Our enemy was shocked. Our allies were stunned by the tenacious doughboys. The Amer-ican doughboys changed the course of the war forever. Here in this photograph, we have Americans going over the top, as they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.002 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5229 June 19, 2018 
say, over the top of the trench, charg-ing into the guns of the Germans. When the Americans arrived, the Axis powers were slowly gaining power. With Russia’s premature exit from the war, German troops from the Eastern Front were able to be redeployed to the Western Front. In the Spring Offensive of 1918, the Germans threw everything they had at our British and French allies, hoping to end the war before the Americans entered that war. But they were too late. The U.S. troops rushed to the front, relieving their battle-weary comrades and stunning the Germans with the American fighting spirit. World War I is often considered the first modern war. Military technology made rapid advances, making the bat-tlefield more dangerous than ever in history. The trench warfare was horri-fying and brutal. Despite the dangers, our boys were eager to get into the fight. In June of 1918, the feared German Army was ap-proaching Paris, France, but then they met the United States Marines at Bel-leau Wood. Mr. Speaker, when the Americans, the Marines, arrived on the battlefield, they encountered retreating French troops. A French colonel ordered the Marines to retreat as well, but the American captain commanding the 51st Company, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment made it clear they weren’t there to experience defeat. He re-sponded: ‘‘Retreat, hell. We just got here.’’ The battle was costly for our Ma-rines, but it broke the German Army’s advance and its will to fight. From then on, the Germans only lost. The Allies quickly mounted a successful counteroffensive to push the Germans back into Germany, and the war was over, 100 years ago this year. We must not forget those who sac-rificed so much to make the world a better place. During the war, 116,516 Americans were killed. Another 200,000 were wounded. Thousands more died when they returned to the United States with the Spanish flu that they contracted when they were over there. While none of the 4 million coura-geous Americans who answered the call are with us today, their legacy lives on. I am pleased that last year we fi-nally—finally, after 100 years—broke ground on a new memorial here in the Nation’s Capital to honor all of those who served in the great World War I. Mr. Speaker, I commend the World War I Centennial Commission on which I once served for their highlighting of our World War I troops. Now, after 100 years, the memorial will be built in D.C. for those who served, those who returned, those who returned with the wounds of war, and those who did not return. We are giving these great Americans the honor they rightfully deserve here in Washington, D.C. There are no more of the battlefield- weary troops that served in the great World War I. The last one was Frank Buckles, who died at 110, a friend of mine, and it was his desire to see a me-morial built here in Washington for all of those friends of his who served in World War I. So, finally, we are doing that, and the sacrifice of those Americans for this Nation will be preserved in bronze and stone in the heart of this city; for the worst casualty of war, Mr. Speaker, is to be forgotten. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CARIBBEAN IMMIGRANTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) for 5 minutes. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, as part of the Immigration Act of 1990, the di-versity visa lottery was established as a way to diversify the United States. Over the past 28 years, the visa lottery has helped to fortify the image of our country and enlarge the greatness of America through the immigrant popu-lation. The Diversity Immigrant Visa Program awards up to 50,000 visas each year that presents permanent resi-dency in the U.S. and serves as a path-way to citizenship. The lottery has been imperative in creating new opportunities for African and Caribbean individuals seeking citi-zenship in the U.S. The proposed immi-gration bills today that will be coming to the floor aim to limit refugee admis-sions, eliminate the diversity lottery, and reduce the number of employment- based visas distributed each year. As Americans begin many of the pas-times of summer that are quintessentially American—baseball, backyard barbecues, and family road trips—Caribbean Americans reflect on our contributions and the melded cul-ture in the United States through Car-ibbean American Heritage Month. Iron-ically, the bills that are coming on the floor this same month will end the Di-versity Visa Lottery Program, which has allowed many Caribbean people to come and be part of the American expe-rience. In a month of polarized politics and the Trump administration’s assault on increasing diversity in this Nation, Caribbean American Heritage Month serves as a perfect counterpoint exam-ple to support the doctrine of Ameri-canism. Congress and President George W. Bush adopted Caribbean American Her-itage Month in 2006. While the act es-tablishing Caribbean American Herit-age Month emphasized the present in-fluence of Caribbean Americans, Amer-ican history would not be complete without the integration and support of the Caribbean people. From America’s founding to the present, Caribbean people have sup-ported and assisted in the creation of a collective American identity: the ar-ticulation of this Nation’s rightful place in the world, its traditions, its language, and its cultural style. From Alexander Hamilton, to Amer-ican Revolution Haitian gens de couleur libre—free men of color—fight-ing troops, to slave revolt leader Den-mark Vessey, to Colin Powell’s shock and awe doctrine, the Caribbean em-phasis on revolutionary and righteous ideals enforced through martial action have supported American ideals both at home and abroad. In today’s culture, many are sur-prised by the placement of Americans of Caribbean descent. They include former Attorney General Eric Holder to iconic personalities like Lenny Kravitz and Beyonce; economic minds such as Federal Reserve Bank of At-lanta President Raphael Bostic; to ac-tors Kerry Washington and Jada Pinkett Smith; to athletes Tim Dun-can, Mariano Rivera, and Carmelo An-thony; to journalist Joy Reid and U.S. Senator K
AMALA HARRIS . These scions of the Caribbean region are completely American, yet, in many ways, their Caribbean heritage informs and accounts for the attributes which have assisted them in their advance-ment and supported American great-ness. That philosophy is borne out with re-cent immigrants and naturalized Carib-bean people. According to the Migra-tion Policy Institute, Latin American and Caribbean people account for the largest percent of foreign-born mili-tary personnel, and that group con-stitutes 38 percent of all foreign born that are in the Armed Forces. Additionally, according to the 2014 U.S. Census Bureau Report, about 66 percent of Caribbean immigrants and immigrants overall were in the civilian labor force, compared to 62 percent of the native born. According to the Caribbean Policy Institute, Caribbean Blacks have labor force participation rates that exceed the averages for U.S. natives and all immigrants combined. The study from this institute has shown that, collec-tively, Caribbean people have higher median income earnings than all the immigrants in the U.S. The proposed zero-tolerance immi-gration policy has resulted, as we have seen, in thousands of children being torn apart from their families. Chil-dren are being held in prolonged family detention centers, and this bill elimi-nates protections that are in place to ensure safe and basic living needs. It is our duty to stop the separation of children. It is our duty to see that America remains great through the di-versity that it entails. We cannot allow this bill to go forward, which would eliminate the diversity lottery that has created the diverse American cul-ture that we have. Through service, through ideals, and even through protests, immigrants have made this a great nation. President Trump issued a proclama-tion on May 31, 2018, which stated that Caribbean American Heritage Month is a time in which America will honor America’s long-shared history with our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.006 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5230 June 19, 2018 
neighbors, but he would appear to be ignorant of the fact that it is not a shared history. Our neighbor’s history is our American history. 
f 
OPIOID CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the opioid crisis. Opioid addiction is sweeping the Na-tion. It is an epidemic that knows no race, gender, income, or marital status, and certainly no political party. As we continue to work together here in Washington to combat that crisis, I met with the physicians in Hutchinson, Kansas, who have taken responsibility and ownership of this issue. They have developed their own scientific and com-passionate approach to curb addiction in their community. The Hutchinson Clinic has created an office-wide task force, working with nurses, pharmacists, physicians, and social workers, that outlines steps and procedures to reduce the number of narcotics prescribed in their medical practice. When I met with the staff and physi-cians yesterday, they explained that these new steps will not only reduce the number of people unnecessarily ex-posed to narcotics, but identify pa-tients at risk for addiction. They will use clinical-wide protocols and best practices, which will eliminate doctors shopping for narcotics and manage chronic pain and acute pain more uni-formly. I was heartened to hear the success stories of many of their patients being fully removed from narcotic prescrip-tions after years of narcotic use. They have carefully tried to sit down with all of their patients on chronic nar-cotics, and, in many cases, they uncov-ered some type of an underlying de-pression or psychosomatic issue that could be resolved with counseling and other medications. In some instances, they found out that the patient was not taking the narcotics but, rather, a family member was selling them. In either case, they are trying to use a compassionate approach to deal with this growing problem. This is a great prevention and awareness approach. As a physician of 30 years, we must make sure that prescribers understand the risks involved with these highly ad-dictive drugs and minimize addiction. While we continue to look at solu-tions here in Washington, I am proud that physicians, nurses, and phar-macists in Kansas are also finding solu-tions by looking in the mirror and rec-ognizing there are steps that commu-nities, physicians, nurses, social work-ers, and pharmacists working together can take to prevent addiction before it ever starts. This month, as the House continues approaching dozens of bills that work on this epidemic from every angle, I want to take time to applaud the Hutchinson Clinic—the physicians, the nurses, the pharmacists, the social workers, and their staff—for the action that they are taking in implementing solutions that are working, for those closest to the problem will have the best solutions. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER Dr. Ron Bracy, Geneva Classical Christian School, Fair Oaks Ranch, Texas, offered the following prayer: Almighty, sovereign, creator and eternal holy God, You have shown great kindness and mercy to all Your people. Let Your ears be attentive and Your eyes open to this prayer for Your servants, these men and women of Con-gress, who are Your representatives of the people of this Nation. May we remember that in the begin-ning You gave us this Nation and the freedoms and abundant blessings we enjoy. But O, Lord God, we confess our sins toward You. We have not obeyed the simplest of Your commandments: ‘‘To love the Lord God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your strength, with all your mind, and to love your neighbor as yourself.’’ We ask that You grant us forgiveness and give us wisdom, understanding, and compassion to these Your servants. In the name of God, our heavenly fa-ther, Jesus Christ the Son, and the holy spirit. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. M
CCOLLUM led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING DR. RON BRACY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome Dr. Ron Bracy as our guest chaplain. Dr. Bracy has served our Nation in uniform and through his faith. He en-tered the Air Force Academy after high school and served in the U.S. Air Force for 42 years. Dr. Bracy is a veteran of the Vietnam war, where he flew 183 combat missions and was on duty in the Pentagon dur-ing the 9/11 terrorist attack. He is a retired minister and author of ‘‘Walk On: From the Valley of Despair to the Mountaintop of Praise.’’ He has taught at all levels of edu-cation, and currently teaches at the Geneva Classical Christian School in Texas. Dr. Bracy was my family pastor for many years. He and his wife, Judith, are truly loved. We are incredibly blessed to have Dr. Bracy here with us today. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PRESIDENT- ELECT IVAN DUQUE OF COLOMBIA (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, congratulations to President- elect Ivan Duque on being elected the new president of Colombia on Sunday, achieving 10 million votes, with one of the largest voter turnouts in the his-tory of Colombia. At 41, President-elect Duque will be one of the youngest presidents in the country’s history. The father of three is married to Maria Juliana Ruiz. I know firsthand of the talented peo-ple of Colombia, as former co-chairman of the Partners of Americas program, hosting students from Colombia with two of my sons as exchange students to Colombia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.004 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5231 June 19, 2018 
The South Carolina National Guard, headed by General Bob Livingston, is grateful to be training with Colombia’s military and the State Partnership Program. This election was the first to be held since a peace deal was reached that ended the murderous, leftist insur-gency in Colombia. I am grateful that President-elect Ivan Duque plans to work closely with the United States in the tradition of former President Alvaro Uribe. He will be successful in creating jobs, increas-ing security for the population, and leading Colombia to a more prosperous future. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. We will remember Otto Warmbier on the anniversary of his death. 
f 
OPPOSING PRESIDENT TRUMP’S IMMIGRATION POLICY (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I op-pose President Trump’s outrageous pol-icy of separating families on our south-ern border. Tearing children from the arms of their parents, confining them in cages with children caring for one another, should never happen anywhere in the world, let alone in America. The National Association of School Psychologists calls this emotional vio-lence. They go on to say, ‘‘Such trau-ma can have lifelong consequences with respect to children’s mental health and behavioral health.’’ This is a human rights violation committed by the Trump administra-tion. Make no mistake. President Trump has the power to end this today. When the President says he is re-quired by law to enact this policy or when he blames Democrats for the cri-sis he has created, I say: Mr. President, you are not telling the truth. So to-morrow, you don’t need to go to Min-nesota. You need to stay here in Wash-ington, stop this heartless policy. The American people demand that these children be given back to their parents and to end this crisis now. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President and are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MAJOR GENERAL PATRICK D. SARGENT (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Panama City, Florida, native Major General Patrick D. Sar-gent for assuming command of the U.S. Army Health Readiness Center of Ex-cellence at Fort Sam Houston. I had the pleasure of meeting General Sargent last year in Washington. He has had a decorated Army career, serv-ing our country for more than three decades. He grew up in Bay County and at-tended Florida State University before joining the Army in 1985. General Sargent is board certified in healthcare administration, and he is a medevac pilot. He has been a leader in providing healthcare to our troops for many years. He was in charge of all medical care in Iraq as the Commander of the Med-ical Task Force Iraq. In his own words, he has worked to bring humanity to the battlefield, and I believe he will brilliantly continue that work in his new post. Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-gratulating Major General Patrick Sar-gent on his new posting. f 
NATIONAL PTSD AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during National PTSD Awareness Month to call attention to this topic that is so important to the lives of our veterans and their families. Nowhere is the connection between PTSD and suicide felt more strongly than in the veteran community. Suicide is the tenth leading cause of death in the United States, and on av-erage, we lose 20 veterans per day to suicide. Far too many of our veterans are left with the difficulties of overcoming PTSD and addiction on their own. Our Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System, led by Dr. Margie Scott, is one of nine systems nationwide that is cur-rently involved in the Clay Hunt SAV Act pilot program in our Nation. This program gives our VA employ-ees the necessary tools to reach out to high-risk veterans and offer guidance, while providing essential suicide pre-vention services. I have got three wounded warriors on my district staff, Mr. Speaker, and we are together dedicated to our veterans. I am grateful to our veteran service organizations and our work together to spread the word on how we need to help our veterans avoid the crisis that comes with the risk of suicide. To our vets, you are not alone. All vets believe in the buddy system, and the Veteran Crisis Line keeps that bond. Please call 1–800–273–8255 if you are having a crisis or you know a veteran in crisis. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 15, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 15, 2018, at 2:03 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2652. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 19, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 19, 2018, at 11:28 a.m.: That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 5515. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 11 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1434 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania) at 2 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
CHIP MENTAL HEALTH PARITY ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3192) to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to ensure access to mental health services for children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.008 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5232 June 19, 2018 
under the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3192 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CHIP Men-tal Health Parity Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ENSURING ACCESS TO MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER SERVICES FOR CHILDREN AND PREGNANT WOMEN UNDER THE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2103(c)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397cc(c)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) Mental health and substance use dis-order services (as defined in paragraph (5)).’’. (b) M
ENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE D
ISORDER SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2103(c) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397cc(c)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), (7), and (8) as paragraphs (6), (7), (8), and (9), re-spectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) M
ENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE  
DISORDER SERVICES .—Regardless of the type of coverage elected by a State under sub-section (a), child health assistance provided under such coverage for targeted low-income children and, in the case that the State elects to provide pregnancy-related assist-ance under such coverage pursuant to sec-tion 2112, such pregnancy-related assistance for targeted low-income women (as defined in section 2112(d)) shall— ‘‘(A) include coverage of mental health services (including behavioral health treat-ment) necessary to prevent, diagnose, and treat a broad range of mental health symp-toms and disorders, including substance use disorders; and ‘‘(B) be delivered in a culturally and lin-guistically appropriate manner.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 2103(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397cc(a)) is amended, in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (5), (6), and (7)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5), (6), (7), and (8)’’. (B) Section 2110(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397jj(a)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘sub-stance abuse’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘substance use’’; and (ii) in paragraph (19), by striking ‘‘sub-stance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance use’’. (C) Section 2110(b)(5)(A)(i) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1397jj(b)(5)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(6)’’. (c) A
SSURING ACCESS TO CARE.—Section 2102(a)(7)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397bb(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103(c)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (5) and (6) of section 2103(c)’’. (d) M
ENTAL HEALTH SERVICES PARITY .— Subparagraph (A) of paragraph (7) of section 2103(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397cc(c)) (as redesignated by subsection (b)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State child health plan shall ensure that the financial require-ments and treatment limitations applicable to mental health and substance use disorder services (as described in paragraph (5)) pro-vided under such plan comply with the re-quirements of section 2726(a) of the Public Health Service Act in the same manner as such requirements or limitations apply to a group health plan under such section.’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall take effect with respect to child health as-sistance provided on or after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR STATE LEGISLATION .—In the case of a State child health plan under title XXI of the Social Security Act (or a waiver of such plan), which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines re-quires State legislation in order for the re-spective plan (or waiver) to meet any re-quirement imposed by the amendments made by this section, the respective plan (or waiv-er) shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of such title solely on the basis of its failure to meet such an addi-tional requirement before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of en-actment of this section. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session shall be considered to be a sepa-rate regular session of the State legislature. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, last week the House ad-vanced dozens of bills to help save lives and stem the tide of the opioid crisis that has struck at the health of our people wherever they live. We are back here again this week to consider addi-tional legislation that can help our communities fight back against this epidemic. We have all read the headlines about this tragedy, and we have heard the stories firsthand across our respective districts. We are confronting an addic-tion that mercilessly seizes control and then destroys. This killer does not dis-criminate—not by age, not by race, not by where you live or by what you be-lieve. Opioid addiction continues to take the lives of more than 100 Americans every single day. But it is what is be-hind the numbers that really matters. These are real people. Their stories are real. They tragically have lost their bright futures and left loved ones sadly behind. So we have come together to advance legislation that will help put a stop to this unprecedented crisis that has left a mark on just about every family across America. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation before the House today—we have various bills— and throughout the course of this week. We have an opportunity to save lives, and we have a responsibility to our families, our friends, our commu-nities, and our Nation to lift people out of addiction and get America on a bet-ter path. The first bill up this afternoon, Mr. Speaker, is sponsored by our colleague from Massachusetts, Representative KENNEDY . It requires the Children’s Health Insurance Programs to cover comprehensive mental health and sub-stance use disorder services for preg-nant women and children. State CHIP programs may be offered by expanding Medicaid, separate pro-grams that stand alone from Medicaid, or CHIP may be offered through a com-bination of both approaches. Each of these types of Children’s Health Insur-ance Programs covers some mental health services, but not all cover sub-stance use disorder services. So there is a gap. This bill requires the Children’s Health Insurance Programs, regardless of type, to cover mental health serv-ices, including substance use disorder services. The bill requires States with separate CHIP programs to monitor ac-cess to mental health and substance use disorder services. Finally, the bill requires States with separate CHIP programs to ensure that mental health parity with group health plans is met. Most CHIP programs already meet the standards in the bill. This is simply a codification of current practices and does so without additional costs. So it is important. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to be able to bring this bill to the floor, and I congratulate my colleague from Massa-chusetts who brought this issue to our attention. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3192. I want to begin by thanking the chairman of our committee, Mr. W
AL-
DEN, for giving us a hearing on this bill and for moving the process forward. I thank the gentleman along with Dr. B
URGESS ; Ranking Member P ALLONE ; Ranking Member G
REEN ; and our co-sponsor, Democratic colead Mrs. N
APOLITANO as well. Mr. Speaker, a couple of decades ago, my uncle, Senator Edward Kennedy, and Senator O
RRIN HATCH created the CHIP program because of a consensus that children should never be caught in the midst of our debates over healthcare. It has been a successful, bi-partisan program that has saved lived lives and has helped families facing their deepest despair. But just like any program, Mr. Speaker, it has been a work in progress. This bill offers a simple fix to a trou-bling problem. According to some esti-mates, nearly 500,000 children and preg-nant mothers covered by CHIP are not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.012 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5233 June 19, 2018 
guaranteed mental health care or sub-stance use disorder treatment. We have guaranteed that treatment for Ameri-cans covered by Medicaid, private in-surance, and employer-sponsored insur-ance. It is time we do so for low-income families and babies as well. In our efforts to confront an opioid epidemic that cares for no age, no in-come, no race—nothing at all—this bill is a crucial piece of our response. With that, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank everyone at the Legislative Counsel’s Office, at CMS, and the staff on both sides of the aisle from the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, and, in particular, Rachel Pryor, for putting up with my relentless and sometimes misguided questions. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers on this matter. I know the gentleman has yielded back. I will do the same after calling on our col-leagues to support this important and meaningful legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3192, the ‘‘CHIP Mental Health Parity Act.’’ H.R. 3192 would ensure access to mental health and substance use disorder prevention and treatment services for children under the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP). Beginning in infancy and continuing through adolescence, children need access to mental health screening and assessment and a com-plete array of evidence-based therapeutic services. Around 1 in 5 children in the U.S. suffers from a diagnosable mental disorder, but only 20 to 25 percent of affected children will re-ceive treatment. Untreated mental health and substance use disorders are associated with family dysfunc-tion, school expulsion, poor school perform-ance, juvenile incarceration, unemployment, and suicide. CHIP has been an essential source of chil-dren’s health coverage, ensuring that families have access to high quality, affordable, pedi-atric health care for children in working fami-lies whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but too little to purchase private health insurance on their own. Given the prevalence of mental health and substance use disorders in children and the nationwide opioid epidemic, it is essential now more than ever that all children and adoles-cents enrolled in CHIP have access to mental health and substance use disorder screening and treatment. There are currently over 400,000 CHIP re-cipients in Texas. This figure is significantly less than in 2014, when nearly half of all children in Texas were enrolled in CHIP or Medicaid. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 3192 and the estimated 8.9 million children across the United States who rely on CHIP for their necessary health services. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3192, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
MEDICAID REENTRY ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4005) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for med-ical assistance under Medicaid for in-mates during the 30-day period pre-ceding release from a public institu-tion, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4005 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicaid Re-entry Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROMOTING STATE INNOVATIONS TO EASE TRANSITIONS INTEGRATION TO THE COMMUNITY FOR CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) S TAKEHOLDER GROUP DEVELOPMENT OF  B
ESTPRACTICES ; MEDICAID INNOVATION ACCEL-
ERATOR PROGRAM .— (1) S
TAKEHOLDER GROUP BEST PRACTICES .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall convene a stakeholder group of representatives of managed care orga-nizations, Medicaid beneficiaries, health care providers, the National Association of Medicaid Directors, and other relevant representatives from local, State, and Federal jail and prison systems to develop best practices (and submit to the Secretary and Congress a report on such best practices) for States— (A) to ease the health care-related transition of an individual who is an inmate of a public institution from the public institution to the community, including best practices for ensur-ing continuity of health insurance coverage or coverage under the State Medicaid plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act, as applica-ble, and relevant social services; and (B) to carry out, with respect to such an indi-vidual, such health care-related transition not later than 30 days after such individual is re-leased from the public institution. (2) S
TATE MEDICAID PROGRAM INNOVATION .— The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall work with States on innovative strategies to help individuals who are inmates of public in-stitutions and otherwise eligible for medical as-sistance under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act transition, with respect to enrollment for medical assistance under such program, seamlessly to the commu-nity. (b) G
UIDANCE ON INNOVATIVE SERVICE DELIV-
ERYSYSTEMS DEMONSTRATION PROJECT OPPOR-
TUNITIES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, through the Ad-ministrator of the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services, shall issue a State Medicaid Di-rector letter, based on best practices developed under subsection (a)(1), regarding opportunities to design demonstration projects under section 1115 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315) to improve care transitions for certain individ-uals who are soon-to-be former inmates of a public institution and who are otherwise eligible to receive medical assistance under title XIX of such Act, including systems for, with respect to a period (not to exceed 30 days) immediately prior to the day on which such individuals are expected to be released from such institution— (1) providing assistance and education for en-rollment under a State plan under the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act for such in-dividuals during such period; and (2) providing health care services for such in-dividuals during such period. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing under title XIX of the Social Security Act or any other provision of law precludes a State from reclassi-fying or suspending (rather than terminating) eligibility of an individual for medical assist-ance under title XIX of the Social Security Act while such individual is an inmate of a public institution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, sponsored by Representative T
ONKO of New York, Representative T
URNER of Ohio, and myself, requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to convene a stakeholder group that will publish a report on best practices for how States can address the health considerations of incarcerated individuals as they transition back in our communities. Mr. Speaker, the Kaiser Family Foundation reports that, in States such as Connecticut and Massachu-setts, 60 to 70 percent of inmates are el-igible for enrollment in Medicaid upon release. According to 2002 data from the De-partment of Justice, about 68 percent of incarcerated individuals met the cri-teria for substance dependence or abuse. This bill requires CMS to issue best practices for improving transitions back to the community, including sys-tems for enrollment support, substance use treatment, and related services for individuals who are inmates of a public institution and who are eligible for Medicaid, and CMS has to do that with-in a year after this bill is enacted. These best practices should help both Congress and the States get a handle on how to help these incarcerated indi-viduals get back on their feet. That is our goal. Mr. Speaker, my thanks to Mr. T
ONKO for his leadership on this issue, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.013 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5234 June 19, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Medicaid Reentry Act, and I urge all Members to support its swift passage in the House. This bill is about saving lives, pure and simple. 64,000 Americans died of a drug overdose in 2016, more than were lost at the peak of the HIV/AIDS crisis. Based on data from the States, we can estimate that as many as 10,000 of those deaths annually are individuals who have had some interaction with the criminal justice system in the pre-vious year. This is a national emer-gency that demands immediate action. Individuals who are returning to so-ciety after a stay in a corrections facil-ity are particularly vulnerable to over-dose deaths. Research has found that formerly incarcerated individuals reen-tering society are 129 times more likely to die of an overdose during their first 2 weeks back into the community than the general population. The risk of overdose is elevated dur-ing this period due to reduced physio-logical tolerance for opioids among the incarcerated population, a lack of ef-fective addiction treatment options while incarcerated, and perhaps poor care transitions back into their given community. According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, roughly 60 percent of our in-carcerated population has a substance use disorder, yet only around one-quar-ter of those are receiving any type of treatment. Even for those receiving treatment, out of the roughly 5,000 jails and pris-ons in our country, fewer than 40 pro-vide medication-assisted addiction treatment using methadone or buprenorphine, which, along with naltrexone, is considered the gold standard in treating opioid use dis-order. b1445 Those that do offer full-scale MAT services are seeing results. I have seen firsthand the success of a MAT pro-gram called SHARP at the Albany County Correctional Facility in up-state New York where individuals shared anecdotes with me about how access to treatment has transformed their lives for the better. We have seen even more compelling data from the State of Rhode Island, where a comprehensive addiction treat-ment program offering access to all FDA-approved forms of medication-as-sisted treatment in State corrections facilities was able to lower deaths in the first year post-release by a stag-gering 61 percent. My legislation would open the door to more of these success stories and is designed to increase State flexibility in the Medicaid program to address the vulnerable population during the 30 days prior to an individual’s release. As amended, the Medicaid Reentry Act would require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to release guidance to State Medicaid Directors on demonstration opportunities that would allow States to waive the cur-rent Medicaid inmate payment restric-tion during this prerelease period so that individuals could better access mental health and addiction care and have an improved care transition back into the community. By passing this bill, we can allow States to expand innovative ap-proaches to reentry that are already underway in places such as New York, Ohio, New Mexico, and Rhode Island. I thank Energy and Commerce Chair G
REG WALDEN and Ranking Member P
ALLONE and their staffs for the con-structive collaboration on this bill. I also thank my Republican colleague Representative M
IKETURNER for his ef-forts to help shine a light on this vul-nerable population. In closing, Mr. Speaker, while I would have liked to have gone even fur-ther with this effort, I believe that this smart-on-crime legislation will plant the seeds for meaningful change and will help to give individuals reentering society a fighting chance to live a healthier, drug-free life. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I also endorse H.R. 4005, the Medicaid Reentry Act. One particularly vulnerable popu-lation for overdose is individuals reen-tering society post-incarceration. In-carcerated individuals, as my col-league, Mr. T
ONKO , indicated, are far more likely to suffer from substance use disorder. And without proper tran-sition planning and treatment, former inmates are at extremely high risk of dying from an overdose after release. This legislation seeks to get at that problem. Mr. Speaker, over the course of the hearings we have had on all of these bills, there has not been a more dedi-cated, poignant, or powerful speaker than Mr. T
ONKO . This is an issue that he cares passionately about and that he has dedicated much of his time in Congress addressing. He has put that effort into text in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to adopt it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this bill. I support it and encourage our colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4005, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to promote State in-novations to ease transitions to the community for individuals who are in-mates of a public institution and eligi-ble for medical assistance under the Medicaid program.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
SECURING OPIOIDS AND UNUSED NARCOTICS WITH DELIBERATE DISPOSAL AND PACKAGING ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5687) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require im-proved packaging and disposal methods with respect to certain drugs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5687 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Opioids and Unused Narcotics with Delib-erate Disposal and Packaging Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SOUND Disposal and Packaging Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPROVED TECHNOLOGIES, CONTROLS, OR MEASURES WITH RESPECT TO THE PACKAGING OR DISPOSAL OF CERTAIN DRUGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 505–1 (21 U.S.C. 355–1) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 505–2. SAFETY-ENHANCING PACKAGING AND DISPOSAL FEATURES. 
‘‘(a) O RDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may issue an order requiring the holder of a covered ap-plication to implement or modify one or more technologies, controls, or measures with respect to the packaging or disposal of one or more drugs identified in the covered application, if the Secretary determines such technologies, controls, or measures to be ap-propriate to help mitigate the risk of abuse or misuse of such drug or drugs, which may include by reducing the availability of un-used drugs. ‘‘(2) P
RIOR CONSULTATION .—The Secretary may not issue an order under paragraph (1) unless the Secretary has consulted with rel-evant stakeholders, through a public meet-ing, workshop, or otherwise, about matters that are relevant to the subject of the order. ‘‘(3) A
SSURING ACCESS AND MINIMIZING BUR -
DEN.—Technologies, controls, or measures required under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be commensurate with the specific risk of abuse or misuse of the drug listed in the covered application; ‘‘(B) considering such risk, not be unduly burdensome on patient access to the drug, considering in particular any available evi-dence regarding the expected or dem-onstrated public health impact of such tech-nologies, controls, or measures; and ‘‘(C) reduce the risk of abuse or misuse of such drug. ‘‘(4) O
RDER CONTENTS .—An order issued under paragraph (1) may— ‘‘(A) provide for a range of options for im-plementing or modifying the technologies, controls, or measures required to be imple-mented by such order; and ‘‘(B) incorporate by reference standards re-garding packaging or disposal set forth in an official compendium, established by a na-tionally or internationally recognized stand-ard development organization, or described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.015 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5235 June 19, 2018 
on the public website of the Food and Drug Administration, so long as the order includes the rationale for incorporation of such standard. ‘‘(5) O
RDERS APPLICABLE TO DRUG CLASS .— When a concern about the risk of abuse or misuse of a drug relates to a pharma-cological class, the Secretary may, after consultation with relevant stakeholders, issue an order under paragraph (1) which ap-plies to the pharmacological class. ‘‘(b) C
OMPLIANCE .—The holder of a covered application shall— ‘‘(1) submit a supplement containing pro-posed changes to the covered application to comply with an order issued under sub-section (a) not later than— ‘‘(A) 180 calendar days after the date on which the order is issued; or ‘‘(B)(i) such longer time period as specified by the Secretary in such order; or ‘‘(ii) if a request for an alternative date is submitted by the holder of such application not later than 60 calendar days after the date on which such order is issued— ‘‘(I) such requested alternative date if agreed to by the Secretary; or ‘‘(II) another date as specified by the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(2) implement the changes approved pur-suant to such supplement not later than the later of— ‘‘(A) 90 calendar days after the date on which the supplement is approved; or ‘‘(B) the end of such longer period as is— ‘‘(i) determined to be appropriate by the Secretary; or ‘‘(ii) approved by the Secretary pursuant to a request by the holder of the covered ap-plication that explains why such longer pe-riod is needed, including to satisfy any other applicable Federal statutory or regulatory requirements. ‘‘(c) A
LTERNATIVE MEASURES .—The holder of the covered application may propose, and the Secretary shall approve, technologies, controls, or measures regarding packaging, storage, or disposal other than those speci-fied in the applicable order issued under sub-section (a), if such technologies, controls, or measures are supported by data and informa-tion demonstrating that such alternative technologies, controls, or measures can be expected to mitigate the risk of abuse or misuse of the drug or drugs involved, includ-ing by reducing the availability of unused drugs, to at least the same extent as the technologies, controls, or measures specified in such order. ‘‘(d) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If a dispute arises in connection with a supplement sub-mitted under subsection (b), the holder of the covered application may appeal a deter-mination made with respect to such supple-ment using applicable dispute resolution procedures specified by the Secretary in reg-ulations or guidance. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered application’ means an application submitted under subsection (b) or (j) of section 505 for approval under such section or an application submitted under section 351 of Public Health Service Act for approval under such section, with re-spect to a drug that is or contains an opioid for which a listing in schedule II or III (on a temporary or permanent basis) is in effect under section 202 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘relevant stakeholders’ may include scientific experts within the drug manufacturing industry; brand and generic drug manufacturers; standard development organizations; wholesalers and distributors; payers; health care providers; pharmacists; pharmacies; manufacturers; poison centers; and representatives of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services, the Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion, individuals who specialize in treating addiction, and patient and caregiver groups.’’. (b) PROHIBITED ACTS.—Section 501 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 351) is amended by inserting after paragraph (j) the following: ‘‘(k) If it is a drug approved under a cov-ered application (as defined in section 505– 2(e)), the holder of which does not meet the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (b) of such section.’’. (c) R
EQUIRED CONTENT OF AN ABBREVIATED  N
EWDRUGAPPLICATION .—Section 505(j)(2)(A) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(j)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (vii)(IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (viii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ix) if the drug is or contains an opioid for which a listing in schedule II or III (on a temporary or permanent basis) is in effect under section 202 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act, information to show that the applicant has proposed technologies, con-trols, or measures related to the packaging or disposal of the drug that provide protec-tions comparable to those provided by the technologies, controls, or measures required for the applicable listed drug under section 505–2, if applicable.’’. (d) G
ROUNDS FOR REFUSING TOAPPROVE AN  A
BBREVIATED NEWDRUG APPLICATION .—Sec- tion 505(j)(4) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(j)(4)), is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (K), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(L) if the drug is a drug described in para-graph (2)(A)(ix) and the applicant has not proposed technologies, controls, or measures related to the packaging or disposal of such drug that the Secretary determines provide protections comparable to those provided by the technologies, controls, or measures re-quired for the applicable listed drug under section 505–2.’’. (e) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) Any labeling describing technologies, controls, or measures related to packaging or disposal intended to mitigate the risk of abuse or misuse of a drug product that is subject to an abbreviated new drug applica-tion, including labeling describing dif-ferences from the reference listed drug re-sulting from the application of section 505–2 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (a), shall not be con-strued— (A) as changes to labeling not permissible under clause (v) of section 505(j)(2)(A) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355(j)(2)(A)), or a change in the conditions of use prescribed, recommended, or suggested in the labeling proposed for the new drug under clause (i) of such section; or (B) to preclude approval of an abbreviated new drug application under subparagraph (B) or (G) of section 505(j)(4) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355(j)(4)). (2) For a covered application that is an ap-plication submitted under subsection (j) of section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355), subsection (j)(2)(A) of such section 505 shall not be con-strued to limit the type of data or informa-tion the Secretary of Health and Human Services may request or consider in connec-tion with making any determination under section 505–2. (f) GAO REPORT .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to the Congress a report containing— (1) a description of available evidence, if any, on the effectiveness of site-of-use, in- home controlled substance disposal products and packaging technologies; (2) identification of ways in which such dis-posal products intended for use by patients, consumers, and other end users that are not registrants under the Controlled Substances Act, are made available to the public and barriers to the use of such disposal products; (3) identification of ways in which pack-aging technologies are made available to the public and barriers to the use of such tech-nologies; (4) a description of Federal oversight, if any, of site-of-use, in-home controlled sub-stance disposal products, including— (A) identification of the Federal agencies that oversee such products; (B) identification of the methods of dis-posal of controlled substances recommended by these agencies for site-of-use, in-home disposal; and (C) a description of the effectiveness of such recommendations at preventing the di-version of legally prescribed controlled sub-stances; (5) a description of Federal oversight, if any, of controlled substance packaging tech-nologies, including— (A) identification of the Federal agencies that oversee such technologies; (B) identification of the technologies rec-ommended by these agencies, including unit dose packaging, packaging that provides a set duration, or other packaging systems that may mitigate abuse or misuse; and (C) a description of the effectiveness of such recommendations at preventing the di-version of legally prescribed controlled sub-stances; and (6) recommendations on— (A) whether site-of-use, in-home controlled substance disposal products and packaging technologies require Federal oversight and, if so, which agencies should be responsible for such oversight and, as applicable, ap-proval of such products or technologies; and (B) the potential role of the Federal Gov-ernment in evaluating such products to en-sure product efficacy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan legislation, and I want to thank Representatives H
UDSON  and B
UTTERFIELD , both of North Caro-lina, for their hard work on it. Opioids are often prescribed in higher volumes than necessary and not prop-erly disposed of after patients no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.010 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5236 June 19, 2018 
longer need them. That leads to an oversupply of unneeded drugs that can be subject to abuse by family members and others. In order to reduce the volume of un-used opioids in the market, this bill will direct the Food and Drug Adminis-tration to work with manufacturers to establish programs for the efficient re-turn or destruction of unused schedule II or III opioid analgesics. In addition, this bill will facilitate utilization of packaging that may re-duce overprescribing, diversion, or abuse of opioids. Finally, the bill will require the GAO to study new and innovative tech-nologies that claim to be able to dis-pose of opioids and other unused medi-cations safely. This bill takes several targeted steps to minimize the amount of unused opioids on the market, and I encourage my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ), one of the au-thors of this important legislation. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, in 2018, more than 2 million Americans will suffer from addiction to prescription opioids. As I have traveled across my district, I have seen firsthand the devastating effects these drugs can have on fami-lies, friends, and loved ones. There is no barrier for these drugs. They strike at every level of society and across every geographic region. It touches all of us. In North Carolina, we have 4 of the top 25 worst cities for opioid abuse in the country. This truly is the crisis next door, and I am proud of the collec-tive effort the House of Representa-tives has undertaken in a bipartisan way to address this epidemic. One important piece of this effort is a bipartisan bill I worked on with my colleague G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , the SOUND Disposal and Packaging Act, which will direct the FDA to work with manufacturers to help reduce diver-sion, overprescribing, and abuse of schedule II or III opioids. I focused on packaging and disposal because it seemed everyone I talked to had sort of a lightbulb go off. So many of us have unused opioids in our medi-cine cabinets from surgeries, accidents, or hospital visits. With 70 percent of heroin addictions beginning in the medicine cabinet, at-tacking this oversupply with pack-aging on the front end and disposal on the back end was a logical place to start. We need to reduce the supply of opioids that find their way out of the medicine cabinet, and this legislation is the first step. I appreciate the leadership of my friend, G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , for working with me in a bipartisan manner in au-thoring this bill. I want to thank the leadership of the Energy and Com-merce Committee and Health Sub-committee, Chairman W
ALDEN and Chairman B
URGESS , and Ranking Mem-bers PALLONE and G REEN for their part-nership and help to ensure this could be a reality today. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from DisposeRx in support of H.R. 5687, the SOUND Disposal and Packaging Act. 
DISPOSE RX, June 18, 2018. Hon. R
ICHARD HUDSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE HUDSON : As our country continues to combat the opioid epi-demic, we commend the United States House of Representative for voting on your legisla-tion, H.R. 5687, the ‘‘the ‘‘SOUND’‘ Disposal and Packaging Act.’’ Opioid overdoses kill tens of thousands of people each year, and this landmark legislation is pivotal to sav-ing lives and overcoming the opioid crisis. Our mission at DisposeRx is to empower the consumer to safely and permanently dis-pose of unused medications, including opioids and drugs with abuse liabilities, with at-home solutions that render drugs non-re-trievable. Research has shown that take- back and kiosk strategies are inconvenient and encourage diversion, whereas at-home solutions that empower consumers to de-stroy their drugs in an environmentally friendly manner are a better solution to pre-venting opioid abuse, overdoses and deaths that begin in the medicine cabinet. For years, the federal government has rec-ommended substandard methods of disposal for controlled substances, such as placing them in coffee grounds or kitty litter, and even flushing them down the toilet for even-tual transport to our nation’s waterways. With the passage of H.R. 5687, Congress will be taking a crucial leap to change how we deal with drug disposal. In particular, sec-tion 2(f) of H.R. 5687 will require the General Accounting Office (GAO) to provide an inde-pendent report to Congress on the benefits of in-home disposal of controlled substances. We believe that the bill represents a clear recognition that immediate disposal of pre-scription medications within the home will reduce the number of new addictions and deaths. We are grateful for your leadership, and that of your cosponsors, including Rep-resentative G.K. Butterfield, in this critical area and we congratulate you on this pio-neering legislation. We thank your staff and that of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, especially Preston Bell, who has tirelessly championed deterrent solutions to prevent abuse before it begins. We are passionate about providing a solu-tion to our country’s epidemic of overdose and death brought about by the misuse and abuse of opioids. Thank you for your consid-eration, and we look forward to working with you and your colleagues to confront and reverse this crisis. Sincerely, W
M. SIMPSON , President. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to please support this legislation. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to voice my support for H.R. 5687, legislation authored by my col-leagues, Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , to provide the FDA with authority to employ the use of pack-aging and disposal technologies to help mitigate the risk of abuse and misuse of opioids. As a part of FDA’s efforts to help prevent misuse of opioids, Commis-sioner Gottlieb has been actively ex-ploring how packaging and disposal in-novations can deter abuse and reduce the supply of opioids in the market. This included hosting a public work-shop in December to explore how we can harness these technologies in the fight against opioid addiction and how to improve the safety of these products for those patients who rely on them to manage chronic pain every day. Commissioner Gottlieb also noted, Mr. Speaker, that the use of these technologies, such as packaging, mer-its consideration through a careful, science-based process, one that I hope will continue. The legislation we are considering today builds on this work and grants FDA authority to require packaging and disposal technologies for schedule II and schedule III controlled sub-stances that reflect a level of risk asso-ciated with that substance. FDA is provided with the flexibility to permit a range of options for pack-aging or disposal technologies, as long as such technologies demonstrate com-parable effectiveness. This flexibility will be crucial to reduce barriers to ge-neric entry, one of the concerns that was raised during our committee con-sideration, and to maintain appro-priate patient access to these sub-stances. H.R. 5687 also clarifies that labeling related to the inclusion of packaging or disposal technologies cannot be used as a blocking strategy by brand manufac-turers. If enacted, it is my hope that the FDA will continue to work with stake-holders, including manufacturers, to ensure that generic entry is not im-peded by the requirement of packaging or disposal technologies. Both brand and generic manufacturers should be held to the same performance outcome of mitigating risk and abuse; however, at a time of rising drug costs, I believe manufacturers should be afforded enough flexibility to pursue cost-effec-tive technologies that will also meet the shared goals of the FDA and pa-tient community. I also hope that any costs associated with the adoption of packaging or dis-posal technologies will not be borne by the patients who rely on these medica-tions to manage their diseases or con-ditions. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. HUDSON and Mr. B UTTERFIELD for their work on this issue as well as the FDA for their guidance through the process. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5687, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers on this legislation. I en-courage my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5687, as amend-ed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.018 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5237 June 19, 2018 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RESPONSIBLE EDUCATION ACHIEVES CARE AND HEALTHY OUTCOMES FOR USERS’ TREAT-MENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5796) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible entities to provide technical assistance to outlier pre-scribers of opioids, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5796 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Out-comes for Users’ Treatment Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘REACH OUT Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. GRANTS TO PROVIDE TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE TO OUTLIER PRESCRIBERS OF OPIOIDS. 
(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall, through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, award grants, contracts, or cooper-ative agreements to eligible entities for the purposes described in subsection (b). (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements awarded under sub-section (a) shall be used to support eligible entities through technical assistance— (1) to educate and provide outreach to outlier prescribers of opioids about best practices for prescribing opioids; (2) to educate and provide outreach to outlier prescribers of opioids about non- opioid pain management therapies; and (3) to reduce the amount of opioid prescrip-tions prescribed by outlier prescribers of opioids. (c) A
PPLICATION .—Each eligible entity seeking to receive a grant, contract, or coop-erative agreement under subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary an application, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire. (d) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In awarding grants, contracts, and cooperative agree-ments under this section, the Secretary shall prioritize establishing technical assistance resources in each State. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (A) an organization— (i) that has demonstrated experience pro-viding technical assistance to health care professionals on a State or regional basis; and (ii) that has at least— (I) one individual who is a representative of consumers on its governing body; and (II) one individual who is a representative of health care providers on its governing body; or (B) an entity that is a quality improve-ment entity with a contract under part B of title XI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320c et seq.). (2) OUTLIER PRESCRIBER OF OPIOIDS .—The term ‘‘outlier prescriber of opioids’’ means a prescriber, identified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (through use of prescriber information provided by pre-scriber National Provider Identifiers in-cluded pursuant to section 1860D–4(c)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 104(c)(4)(A)) on claims for covered part D drugs for part D eligible individuals enrolled in prescription drug plans under part D of title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–101 et seq.) and MA–PD plans under part C of such title (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21 et seq.)) as pre-scribing, as compared to other prescribers in the specialty of the prescriber and geo-graphic area, amounts of opioids in excess of a threshold (and other criteria) specified by the Secretary, after consultation with stake-holders. (3) P
RESCRIBERS .—The term ‘‘prescriber’’ means any health care professional, includ-ing a nurse practitioner or physician assist-ant, who is licensed to prescribe opioids by the State or territory in which such profes-sional practices. (f) F
UNDING .—For purposes of imple-menting this section, $75,000,000 shall be available from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395t), to remain available until expended. 
SEC. 3. PROMOTING VALUE IN MEDICAID MAN-AGED CARE. 
Section 1903(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7)(A) With respect to expenditures de-scribed in subparagraph (B) that are incurred by a State for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2025 (and before fiscal year 2029), in de-termining the pro rata share to which the United States is equitably entitled under subsection (d)(3), the Secretary shall sub-stitute the Federal medical assistance per-centage that applies for such fiscal year to the State under section 1905(b) (without re-gard to any adjustments to such percentage applicable under such section or any other provision of law) for the percentage that ap-plies to such expenditures under section 1905(y). ‘‘(B) Expenditures described in this sub-paragraph, with respect to a fiscal year to which subparagraph (A) applies, are expendi-tures incurred by a State for payment for medical assistance provided to individuals described in subclause (VIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i) by a managed care entity, or other specified entity (as defined in subpara-graph (D)(iii)), that are treated as remit-tances because the State— ‘‘(i) has satisfied the requirement of sec-tion 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulation), by elect-ing— ‘‘(I) in the case of a State described in sub-paragraph (C), to apply a minimum medical loss ratio (as defined in subparagraph (D)(ii)) that is at least 85 percent but not greater than the minimum medical loss ratio (as so defined) that such State applied as of May 31, 2018; or ‘‘(II) in the case of a State not described in subparagraph (C), to apply a minimum med-ical loss ratio that is equal to 85 percent; and ‘‘(ii) recovered all or a portion of the ex-penditures as a result of the entity’s failure to meet such ratio. ‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (B), a State described in this subparagraph is a State that as of May 31, 2018, applied a min-imum medical loss ratio (as calculated under subsection (d) of section 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on June 1, 2018)) for payment for services provided by entities described in such subparagraph under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan) that is equal to or great-er than 85 percent. ‘‘(D) For purposes of this paragraph: ‘‘(i) The term ‘managed care entity’ means a medicaid managed care organization de-scribed in section 1932(a)(1)(B)(i). ‘‘(ii) The term ‘minimum medical loss ratio’ means, with respect to a State, a min-imum medical loss ratio (as calculated under subsection (d) of section 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on June 1, 2018)) for payment for services provided by entities described in subparagraph (B) under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan). ‘‘(iii) The term ‘other specified entity’ means— ‘‘(I) a prepaid inpatient health plan, as de-fined in section 438.2 of title 42, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tion); and ‘‘(II) a prepaid ambulatory health plan, as defined in such section (or any successor reg-ulation).’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend my colleague Representative F
ITZPATRICK , who is here on the floor with us today, as well as Representative C
URBELO and Representative T
HOMPSON . They all worked very hard to make this bipar-tisan legislation a success. H.R. 5796 would establish technical assistance grants to make best prac-tices available to those providers who are identified as opioid-prescribing outliers. This bill would establish a means of identifying statistical outliers and then notifying providers if they are an outlier. In addition, the bill authorizes qual-ity improvement organizations and other grant recipients to review pre-scribing patterns and to share edu-cational materials and best practices. This legislation will ensure that best prescribing practices are clinically ap-propriate for patients and are imple-mented throughout the Medicare pro-gram. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : On May 9 and 17, 2018, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce ordered favorably reported over 50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.020 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5238 June 19, 2018 
bills to address the opioid epidemic facing communities across our nation. Several of the bills were also referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that the Committee on Ways and Means not insist on its referral of the fol-lowing bills so that they may be scheduled for consideration by the Majority Leader: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. This concession in no way affects your ju-risdiction over the subject matter of these bills, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bills be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and your response in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter concerning several bills favor-ably reported out of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce to address the opioid epidemic and which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional refer-ral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within these bills that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may move expeditiously to the floor: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation and re-quests your support for such a request. Finally, I would appreciate your commit-ment to include this exchange of letters in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), one of the authors of this important legislation. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, the opioid epidemic is devastating my com-munity in Bucks and Montgomery Counties. I talk to these families every day. As our Nation continues to grapple with the deadly effects of the opioid epidemic, it is crucial we take every step possible to stop prescription medi-cation from falling into the wrong hands. We need to ensure that our med-ical professionals possess the latest best practices for preventing prescrip-tion medication abuse, including nonopioid pain management. This is why I am proud the House is consid-ering my REACH OUT Act, H.R. 5796. By facilitating outreach to outlier opioid prescribers, the REACH OUT Act seeks to educate physicians on their prescribing behaviors without limiting their ability to deliver patient care. It will be an effective step toward reducing the amount of unnecessary prescription opioids in communities across the Nation. The Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treatment Act, the REACH OUT Act, H.R. 5796, will direct the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to work with eligible entities, including quality improvement organizations, to engage in outreach with prescribers identified as clinical outliers to share best practices to evaluate their pre-scribing behavior. b1500 H.R. 5796 would build on the lessons learned from CMS special innovation projects, by spreading best practices for preventing prescription drug abuse, providing outreach and education about nonopioid pain management, and reducing the number of opioids pre-scribed by outlier prescribers. An outlier prescriber is identified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with profes-sional stakeholders, as one who pre-scribes an excessive number of opioids as compared to other prescribers in their medical specialty or geographic area. Our Nation’s drug epidemic is a com-plicated issue, and our response must be multifaceted. This means giving providers the tools they need to pre-vent opioid abuse. I want to thank my colleagues CAR-
LOSCURBELO and M IKETHOMPSON for their support in authoring this bill. And I want to thank our chairman, G
REG WALDEN , and his Energy and Commerce Committee for their relent-less effort to combat the opioid epi-demic across the country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, Democrat and Republican alike, to sup-port the passage of our REACH OUT Act. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5796, the REACH OUT Act. This bill creates grants for technical assistance education for outlier pre-scribers of opioids. The recipients of these grants, Mr. Speaker, will educate outlier prescribers on best practices for prescribing opioids and provide instruc-tion on how to reduce the number of opioids prescribed in the future. Coupled with legislation we will also consider today that would require noti-fication of outlier prescribers of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.016 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5239 June 19, 2018 
opioids, this bill will further provide outlier prescribers with the tools to re-turn to the appropriate prescribing range for their specialty to help reduce overprescribing. Mr. Speaker, I have to say that we have just been informed that there will be a last-minute change to two of the suspension prints under consideration today in order to accommodate a re-quest from the Appropriations Com-mittee. The minority only received notice of these changes within the last hour. While they appear to be changes that are technical in nature to address the jurisdictional issues, we want to high-light our concerns with the last-minute changes being made to legislative text that are being considered on the floor with such short notice. It is not the best way to legislate, especially on bi-partisan bills on such an important topic. My colleagues and I have expressed some concern about this process, and this latest issue reinforces those con-cerns. We urge the Speaker to commit to continuing to work with us on a bi-partisan basis to avoid some of these changes in the future. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill. I hope the House will support it as well, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their bipartisan sup-port of this legislation. We also were just notified not long ago about the appropriations flag, and we are working out those matters at a higher pay level. So, we appreciate and understand. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5796, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible entities to provide technical assistance to outlier prescribers of opioids, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADVANCING HIGH QUALITY TREATMENT FOR OPIOID USE DISORDERS IN MEDICARE ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5605) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an opioid use disorder treatment dem-onstration program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5605 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Dis-orders in Medicare Act’’. 
SEC. 2. OPIOID USE DISORDER TREATMENT DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
Title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1866E (42 U.S.C. 1395cc–5) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1866F. OPIOID USE DISORDER TREATMENT DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF 4-YEAR DEM-
ONSTRATION PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Secretary shall implement a 4- year demonstration program under this title (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’) to increase access of applicable beneficiaries to opioid use disorder treatment services, improve physical and mental health out-comes for such beneficiaries, and to the ex-tent possible, reduce expenditures under this title. Under the Program, the Secretary shall make payments under subsection (e) to participants (as defined in subsection (c)(1)(A)) for furnishing opioid use disorder treatment services delivered through opioid use disorder care teams, or arranging for such service to be furnished, to applicable beneficiaries participating in the Program. ‘‘(2) O
PIOID USE DISORDER TREATMENT SERV -
ICES.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘opioid use disorder treatment services’— ‘‘(A) means, with respect to an applicable beneficiary, services that are furnished for the treatment of opioid use disorders and that utilize drugs approved under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for the treatment of opioid use disorders in an outpatient setting; and ‘‘(B) includes— ‘‘(i) medication assisted treatment; ‘‘(ii) treatment planning; ‘‘(iii) psychiatric, psychological, or coun-seling services (or any combination of such services), as appropriate; ‘‘(iv) social support services, as appro-priate; and ‘‘(v) care management and care coordina-tion services, including coordination with other providers of services and suppliers not on an opioid use disorder care team. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM DESIGN .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-sign the Program in such a manner to allow for the evaluation of the extent to which the Program accomplishes the following pur-poses: ‘‘(A) Reduces hospitalizations and emer-gency department visits. ‘‘(B) Increases use of medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders. ‘‘(C) Improves health outcomes of individ-uals with opioid use disorders, including by reducing the incidence of infectious diseases (such as hepatitis C and HIV). ‘‘(D) Does not increase the total spending on items and services under this title. ‘‘(E) Reduces deaths from opioid overdose. ‘‘(F) Reduces the utilization of inpatient residential treatment. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—In designing the Pro-gram, including the criteria under sub-section (e)(2)(A), the Secretary shall, not later than 3 months after the date of the en-actment of this section, consult with special-ists in the field of addiction, clinicians in the primary care community, and beneficiary groups. ‘‘(c) P
ARTICIPANTS ; OPIOID USEDISORDER  C
ARETEAMS .— ‘‘(1) P
ARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(A) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘participant’ means an entity or individual— ‘‘(i) that is otherwise enrolled under this title and that is— ‘‘(I) a physician (as defined in section 1861(r)(1)); ‘‘(II) a group practice comprised of at least one physician described in subclause (I); ‘‘(III) a hospital outpatient department; ‘‘(IV) a federally qualified health center (as defined in section 1861(aa)(4)); ‘‘(V) a rural health clinic (as defined in sec-tion 1861(aa)(2)); ‘‘(VI) a community mental health center (as defined in section 1861(ff)(3)(B)); ‘‘(VII) a clinic certified as a certified com-munity behavioral health clinic pursuant to section 223 of the Protecting Access to Medi-care Act of 2014; or ‘‘(VIII) any other individual or entity spec-ified by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) that applied for and was selected to participate in the Program pursuant to an application and selection process established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) that establishes an opioid use dis-order care team (as defined in paragraph (2)) through employing or contracting with health care practitioners described in para-graph (2)(A), and uses such team to furnish or arrange for opioid use disorder treatment services in the outpatient setting under the Program ‘‘(B) P
REFERENCE .—In selecting partici-pants for the Program, the Secretary shall give preference to individuals and entities that are located in areas with a prevalence of opioid use disorders that is higher than the national average prevalence. ‘‘(2) O
PIOID USE DISORDER CARE TEAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘opioid use disorder care team’ means a team of health care practitioners es-tablished by a participant described in para-graph (1)(A) that— ‘‘(i) shall include— ‘‘(I) at least one physician (as defined in section 1861(r)(1)) furnishing primary care services or addiction treatment services to an applicable beneficiary; and ‘‘(II) at least one eligible practitioner (as defined in paragraph (3)(A)), who may be a physician who meets the criterion in sub-clause (I); and ‘‘(ii) may include other practitioners li-censed under State law to furnish psy-chiatric, psychological, counseling, and so-cial services to applicable beneficiaries. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR RECEIPT OF PAY -
MENT UNDER PROGRAM .—In order to receive payments under subsection (e), each partici-pant in the Program shall— ‘‘(i) furnish opioid use disorder treatment services through opioid use disorder care teams to applicable beneficiaries who agree to receive the services; ‘‘(ii) meet minimum criteria, as estab-lished by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) submit to the Secretary, in such form, manner, and frequency as specified by the Secretary, with respect to each applica-ble beneficiary for whom opioid use disorder treatment services are furnished by the opioid use disorder care team, data and such other information as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate to— ‘‘(I) monitor and evaluate the Program; ‘‘(II) determine if minimum criteria are met under clause (ii); and ‘‘(III) determine the incentive payment under subsection (e). ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE PRACTITIONERS ; OTHER PRO -
VIDER -RELATED DEFINITIONS AND APPLICATION  
PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE PRACTITIONERS .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘eligible prac-titioner’ means a physician or other health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.023 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5240 June 19, 2018 
care practitioner, such as a nurse practi-tioner, that— ‘‘(i) is enrolled under section 1866(j)(1); ‘‘(ii) is authorized to prescribe or dispense narcotic drugs to individuals for mainte-nance treatment or detoxification treat-ment; and ‘‘(iii) has in effect a waiver in accordance with section 303(g) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act for such purpose and is otherwise in compliance with regulations promulgated by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration to carry out such section. ‘‘(B) A
DDICTION SPECIALISTS .—For purposes of subsection (e)(1)(B)(iv), the term ‘addic-tion specialist’ means a physician that pos-sesses expert knowledge and skills in addic-tion medicine, as evidenced by appropriate certification from a specialty body, a certifi-cate of advanced qualification in addiction medicine, or completion of an accredited residency or fellowship in addiction medicine or addiction psychiatry, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) P
ARTICIPATION OF APPLICABLE BENE-
FICIARIES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE BENEFICIARY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘applicable bene-ficiary’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) is entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A and enrolled for benefits under part B; ‘‘(B) is not enrolled in a Medicare Advan-tage plan under part C; ‘‘(C) has a current diagnosis for an opioid use disorder; and ‘‘(D) meets such other criteria as the Sec-retary determines appropriate. Such term shall include an individual who is dually eligible for benefits under this title and title XIX if such individual satisfies the criteria described in subparagraphs (A) through (D). ‘‘(2) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION ; LIMITATION  
ON NUMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—An applicable beneficiary may participate in the Program on a voluntary basis and may terminate par-ticipation in the Program at any time. Not more than 20,000 applicable beneficiaries may participate in the Program at any time. ‘‘(3) S
ERVICES .—In order to participate in the Program, an applicable beneficiary shall agree to receive opioid use disorder treat-ment services from a participant. Participa-tion under the Program shall not affect cov-erage of or payment for any other item or service under this title for the applicable beneficiary. ‘‘(4) B
ENEFICIARY ACCESS TO SERVICES .— Nothing in this section shall be construed as encouraging providers to limit applicable beneficiary access to services covered under this title and applicable beneficiaries shall not be required to relinquish access to any benefit under this title as a condition of re-ceiving services from a participant in the Program. ‘‘(e) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) P
ER APPLICABLE BENEFICIARY PER  
MONTH CARE MANAGEMENT FEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a schedule of per applicable bene-ficiary per month care management fees. Such a per applicable beneficiary per month care management fee shall be paid to a par-ticipant in addition to any other amount otherwise payable under this title to the health care practitioners in the participant’s opioid use disorder care team or, if applica-ble, to the participant. A participant may use such per applicable beneficiary per month care management fee to deliver addi-tional services to applicable beneficiaries, including services not otherwise eligible for payment under this title. ‘‘(B) P
AYMENT AMOUNTS .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) consider payments otherwise payable under this title for opioid use disorder treat-ment services and the needs of applicable beneficiaries; ‘‘(ii) pay a higher per applicable bene-ficiary per month care management fee for an applicable beneficiary who receives more intensive treatment services from a partici-pant and for whom those services are appro-priate based on clinical guidelines for opioid use disorder care; ‘‘(iii) pay a higher per applicable bene-ficiary per month care management fee for the month in which the applicable bene-ficiary begins treatment with a participant than in subsequent months, to reflect the greater time and costs required for the plan-ning and initiation of treatment, as com-pared to maintenance of treatment; ‘‘(iv) pay higher per applicable beneficiary per month care management fees for partici-pants that have established opioid use dis-order care teams that include an addiction specialist (as defined in subsection (c)(3)(B)); and ‘‘(v) take into account whether a partici-pant’s opioid use disorder care team refers applicable beneficiaries to other suppliers or providers for any opioid use disorder treat-ment services. ‘‘(C) NO DUPLICATE PAYMENT .—The Sec- retary shall make payments under this para-graph to only one participant for services furnished to an applicable beneficiary during a calendar month. ‘‘(2) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Under the Program, the Secretary shall establish a performance- based incentive payment, which shall be paid (using a methodology established and at a time determined appropriate by the Sec-retary) to participants based on the perform-ance of participants with respect to criteria, as determined appropriate by the Secretary, in accordance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Criteria described in sub-paragraph (A) may include consideration of the following: ‘‘(I) Patient engagement and retention in treatment. ‘‘(II) Evidence-based medication-assisted treatment. ‘‘(III) Other criteria established by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIRED CONSULTATION AND CONSID -
ERATION .—In determining criteria described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) consult with stakeholders, including clinicians in the primary care community and in the field of addiction medicine; and ‘‘(II) consider existing clinical guidelines for the treatment of opioid use disorders. ‘‘(C) N
O DUPLICATE PAYMENT .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that no duplicate pay-ments under this paragraph are made with respect to an applicable beneficiary. ‘‘(f) M
ULTIPAYER STRATEGY .—In carrying out the Program, the Secretary shall encour-age other payers to provide similar pay-ments and to use similar criteria as applied under the Program under subsection (e)(2)(C). The Secretary may enter into a memorandum of understanding with other payers to align the methodology for payment provided by such a payer related to opioid use disorder treatment services with such methodology for payment under the Pro-gram. ‘‘(g) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct an intermediate and final evaluation of the program. Each such evaluation shall de-termine the extent to which each of the pur-poses described in subsection (b) have been accomplished under the Program. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary shall submit to the Secretary and Congress— ‘‘(A) a report with respect to the inter-mediate evaluation under paragraph (1) not later than 3 years after the date of the im-plementation of the Program; and ‘‘(B) a report with respect to the final eval-uation under paragraph (1) not later than 6 years after such date. ‘‘(h) FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATIVE FUNDING .—For the purposes of implementing, administering, and carrying out the Program (other than for purposes described in paragraph (2)), $5,000,000 shall be available from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841. ‘‘(2) C
ARE MANAGEMENT FEES AND INCEN -
TIVES .—For the purposes of making pay-ments under subsection (e), $10,000,000 shall be available from the Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841 for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2024. ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts transferred under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be available until expended. ‘‘(i) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive any provision of this title as may be nec-essary to carry out the Program under this section.’’. 
SEC. 3. REQUIRING E-PRESCRIBING FOR COV-ERAGE OF COVERED PART D CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1860D–4(e) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) R
EQUIREMENT OF E -PRESCRIBING FOR  
CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), a prescription for a covered part D drug under a prescription drug plan (or under an MA–PD plan) for a schedule II, III, IV, or V controlled substance shall be transmitted by a health care practitioner electronically in accordance with an electronic prescription drug program that meets the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN CIR -
CUMSTANCES .—The Secretary shall, pursuant to rulemaking, specify circumstances with respect to which the Secretary may waive the requirement under subparagraph (A), with respect to a covered part D drug, in-cluding in the case of— ‘‘(i) a prescription issued when the practi-tioner and dispenser are the same entity; ‘‘(ii) a prescription issued that cannot be transmitted electronically under the most recently implemented version of the Na-tional Council for Prescription Drug Pro-grams SCRIPT Standard; ‘‘(iii) a prescription issued by a practi-tioner who has received a waiver or a re-newal thereof for a specified period deter-mined by the Secretary, not to exceed one year, from the requirement to use electronic prescribing, pursuant to a process estab-lished by regulation by the Secretary, due to demonstrated economic hardship, techno-logical limitations that are not reasonably within the control of the practitioner, or other exceptional circumstance dem-onstrated by the practitioner; ‘‘(iv) a prescription issued by a practi-tioner under circumstances in which, not-withstanding the practitioner’s ability to submit a prescription electronically as re-quired by this subsection, such practitioner reasonably determines that it would be im-practical for the individual involved to ob-tain substances prescribed by electronic pre-scription in a timely manner, and such delay would adversely impact the individual’s medical condition involved; ‘‘(v) a prescription issued by a practitioner allowing for the dispensing of a non-patient specific prescription pursuant to a standing order, approved protocol for drug therapy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.005 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5241 June 19, 2018 
collaborative drug management, or com-prehensive medication management, in re-sponse to a public health emergency, or other circumstances where the practitioner may issue a non-patient specific prescrip-tion; ‘‘(vi) a prescription issued by a practi-tioner prescribing a drug under a research protocol; ‘‘(vii) a prescription issued by a practi-tioner for a drug for which the Food and Drug Administration requires a prescription to contain elements that are not able to be included in electronic prescribing, such as a drug with risk evaluation and mitigation strategies that include elements to assure safe use; and ‘‘(viii) a prescription issued by a practi-tioner for an individual who— ‘‘(I) receives hospice care under this title; or ‘‘(II) is a resident of a skilled nursing facil-ity (as defined in section 1819(a)), or a med-ical institution or nursing facility for which payment is made for an institutionalized in-dividual under section 1902(q)(1)(B), for which frequently abused drugs are dispensed for residents through a contract with a sin-gle pharmacy, as determined by the Sec-retary in accordance with this paragraph. ‘‘(C) D
ISPENSING .—Nothing in this para-graph shall be construed as requiring a spon-sor of a prescription drug plan under this part, MA organization offering an MA–PD plan under part C, or a pharmacist to verify that a practitioner, with respect to a pre-scription for a covered part D drug, has a waiver (or is otherwise exempt) under sub-paragraph (B) from the requirement under subparagraph (A). Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as affecting the ability of the plan to cover or the pharmacists’ ability to continue to dispense covered part D drugs from otherwise valid written, oral or fax pre-scriptions that are consistent with laws and regulations. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as affecting the ability of the beneficiary involved to designate a par-ticular pharmacy to dispense a prescribed drug to the extent consistent with the re-quirements under subsection (b)(1) and under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall, pursuant to rulemaking, have authority to enforce and specify appropriate penalties for non-compliance with the requirement under subparagraph (A).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to cov-erage of drugs prescribed on or after January 1, 2021. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Representative R
UIZ, Representative C
LARK , and Representative M ULLIN ; they all worked together to make this bipartisan bill a success. This bill would authorize a 4-year demonstration project to test new ways to treat opioid use disorder among the Medicare population. In addition, this bill will help secure the prescribing of controlled sub-stances in Medicare by requiring the use of e-prescribing. Pretty important work. We have heard from providers that have not only cut down on the abuse of fraudulent prescriptions by switching to e-prescribing but also have saved time for themselves and their nurses, all while saving millions of dollars in the process. So these are really impor-tant, substantive steps forward, an-other piece of the puzzle in addressing the opioid crisis. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : On May 9 and 17, 2018, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce ordered favorably reported over 50 bills to address the opioid epidemic facing communities across our nation. Several of the bills were also referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that the Committee on Ways and Means not insist on its referral of the fol-lowing bills so that they may be scheduled for consideration by the Majority Leader: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. This concession in no way affects your ju-risdiction over the subject matter of these bills, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bills be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and your response in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter concerning several bills favor-ably reported out of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce to address the opioid epidemic and which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional refer-ral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within these bills that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may move expeditiously to the floor: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; fl H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.005 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5242 June 19, 2018 
The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation and re-quests your support for such a request. Finally, I would appreciate your commit-ment to include this exchange of letters in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ), my colleague. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to sup-port H.R. 5605, the Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Dis-orders in Medicare Act. I introduced the bill to give older Americans across our Nation more ac-cess to comprehensive addiction treat-ment services through Medicare. Sen-iors are frequently prescribed opioids to treat chronic illnesses with con-stant, lasting pain issues, such as ar-thritis and other issues related to their musculoskeletal system. The frequency and chronicity of this prescribing puts them at risk of devel-oping a dependency, as seniors are more physiologically vulnerable to ex-periencing dependency and overdose ef-fects. That is because as you get older your physiology changes, which makes seniors less able to deal with the side effects of opioids and more prone to respiratory depression, the leading cause of opioid-related death. When you consider that roughly one- third of Medicare beneficiaries received an opioid prescription in 2016, with over half a million receiving a high dose, it makes sense that the hos-pitalization rate related to opioid mis-use in patients over 65 has increased by 500 percent in the past two decades. Despite these heightened risk fac-tors, many seniors still do not have ac-cess to comprehensive, evidence-based treatment under traditional Medicare, and we cannot leave our seniors behind as we work to address this national cri-sis. Our seniors deserve access to the gold standard of care for treating opioid addiction. It is that simple. My bill, H.R. 5605, the Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act, will open doors for older Americans to get that gold standard of care by strengthening Medicare for our seniors. My bill does this by creating an alternative pay-ment model demonstration program through Medicare for comprehensive treatment and care programs for opioid misuse disorder and will establish qual-ity measures that reward comprehen-sive treatment programs that actually produce the best patient outcomes. It works by giving providers and in-stitutions that choose to participate a case management payment, which they would use to provide wraparound serv-ices for Medicare beneficiaries. Teams with an addiction specialist would also receive a higher incentive. Seniors par-ticipating in this program will receive medication-assisted treatment along-side psychosocial support, such as psy-chotherapy, treatment planning, and appropriate social services. This coordinated care approach is considered the gold standard of care, and if we want to successfully address this crisis, we need to ensure that indi-viduals have access to treatments that will result in successful outcomes. I have seen firsthand the importance of this with my own patients in the emer-gency department. Getting medication- assisted treatment is important, and the success of that treatment is en-hanced if that patient is also partici-pating in psychotherapy and receiving the appropriate social services. That is why this demo is supported by the American Society of Addiction Medicine and the California Medical Association, among others. It is crit-ical that all Americans, regardless of their age or how much money they make, have access to high quality, comprehensive treatment. My bill will strengthen Medicare so we can help seniors address opioid dependence by ensuring they get the care they need. I also want to thank Ranking Mem-ber P
ALLONE and Chairman W ALDEN for their support of this legislation and of our seniors. Also included in my bill is H.R. 3528, the Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act, introduced by Representa-tive K
ATHERINE CLARK from Massachu-setts, with the assistance of Represent-ative M
ULLIN . I want to thank Representative C
LARK for her hard work to address this crisis by expanding the use of technology to reduce fraudulent pre-scribing. Her legislation will direct providers to use electronic prescribing for con-trolled substances technology for Medi-care part D by 2021 to cut down on fraud and overprescribing. Already, seven States have implemented this system in an effort to combat this cri-sis and keep illicit opioids off the streets. According to the Department of Jus-tice, most fraudulent opioid prescrip-tions are obtained either through doc-tor shopping, forged prescriptions, or theft, all of which can be addressed by an effective electronic prescribing for controlled substances system. As amended, my bill, H.R. 5605, will improve care for our seniors and help get illegally obtained opioids off the streets. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I think Dr. R
UIZhas done an extraordinary job on this legislation. I would urge the House to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 5605, the ‘‘Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act.’’ This important bill provides applicable bene-ficiaries increased access to opioid use dis-order treatment services and will improve physical and mental health outcomes for such beneficiaries. In 2016, approximately one-third of Medi-care beneficiaries received an opioid prescrip-tion, 500,000 of which received high doses of opioids yet many lack access to quality treat-ment for substance abuse. This legislation would create an Alternative Payment Model (APM) demonstration program to incentivize the delivery of high quality, evi-dence-based substance use disorder treat-ment services. The voluntary program would enroll eligible beneficiaries who agree to receive Substance Use Disorder (SUD) treatment services through providers and institutions participating in the Program. To support those who are suffering from opioid use disorders, we must employ a multi- faceted approach that actually achieves re-sults. The purpose of the Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medi-care Act is to assist states in the implementa-tion of a variety of strategies, including: Reducing hospitalizations and emergency department visits; Increasing the use of medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders; Improving health outcomes of individuals with opioid use disorders, including by reduc-ing the incidence of infectious diseases (such as hepatitis C and HIV); Reducing deaths from opioid overdose; and Reducing the utilization of inpatient residen-tial treatment. Under the Program, the Secretary of the Health and Human Services shall make pay-ments to participants for: Furnishing opioid use disorder treatment services delivered through opioid use disorder care teams; or Arranging for such service to be furnished, to applicable beneficiaries participating in the Program. The current surge of opioid usage requires a strong, national response, and with passage of the Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act, we are addressing this issue. Opioid use disorder leads to physical and functional changes to parts of the brain affect-ing impulse, reward, and motivation. In recent years, it is estimated that 2.1 mil-lion individuals in the United States have an opioid use disorder. This legislation would require APM dem-onstration program participants to provide both medication as well as psychosocial supports, such as care management, psychotherapy, treatment planning and appropriate social services to treat substance use disorder, which is considered the gold standard of care. Voluntary APM demonstration program par-ticipation would be prioritized in regions with high prevalence of opioid use disorders. Care teams would require inclusion of health care providers who are licensed to dis-pense opioid medications for the purpose of detoxification or maintenance treatment for opioid use disorder, as well as appropriate providers of psychosocial treatment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.017 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5243 June 19, 2018 
In addition, in conjunction with stakeholders, the Health and Human Services Secretary would develop quality and outcome measures to assess the care beneficiaries receive through the Program. Participating providers or institutes will re-ceive a monthly case management fee for all beneficiaries receiving opioid treatment serv-ices. Program participants will receive a higher case management fee if their care team in-cludes an addiction specialist, and for the initi-ation of treatment period, which is treatment and resource intensive. Participants would be eligible to receive an additional incentive payment for providing quality substance use disorder treatment care. The demonstration program is authorized for four years and capped at 20,000 participants. I am confident that the comprehensive ap-proach we are taking to address those suf-fering from Opioid Use Disorder will help ad-dress the nation’s growing epidemic. For these reasons, I support the Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Dis-orders in Medicare Act and the goal of ensur-ing the best possible response to treat opioid use disorder in America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5605, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an opioid use disorder treatment demonstration program, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
POSTAPPROVAL STUDY REQUIRE-MENTS FOR CERTAIN CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5811) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to postapproval study requirements for certain controlled substances, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5811 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. POSTAPPROVAL STUDY REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) P URPOSES OF STUDY .—Section 505(o)(3)(B) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(o)(3)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) To assess a potential reduction in ef-fectiveness of the drug for the conditions of use prescribed, recommended, or suggested in the labeling thereof if— ‘‘(I) the drug involved— ‘‘(aa) is or contains a substance for which a listing in any schedule is in effect (on a temporary or permanent basis) under section 201 of the Controlled Substances Act; or ‘‘(bb) is a drug that has not been approved under this section or licensed under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, for which an application for such approval or li-censure is pending or anticipated, and for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to issue a scientific and medical evaluation and rec-ommend controls under the Controlled Sub-stances Act; and ‘‘(II) the potential reduction in effective-ness could result in the benefits of the drug no longer outweighing the risks.’’. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF REQUIREMENT .—Sec- tion 505(o)(3)(C) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(o)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘such requirement’’ and all that follows through ‘‘safety infor-mation.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘such requirement— ‘‘(i) in the case of a purpose described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (B), only if the Secretary becomes aware of new safety information; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a purpose described in clause (iv) of such subparagraph, if the Sec-retary determines that new effectiveness in-formation exists.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 505(o)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(o)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) A
PPLICABILITY .—The conduct of a study or clinical trial required pursuant to this paragraph for the purpose specified in subparagraph (B)(iv) shall not be considered a new clinical investigation for the purpose of a period of exclusivity under clause (iii) or (iv) of subsection (c)(3)(E) or clause (iii) or (iv) of subsection (j)(5)(F).’’. (d) N
EWEFFECTIVENESS INFORMATION DE-
FINED .—Section 505(o)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(o)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) N
EW EFFECTIVENESS INFORMATION .— The term ‘new effectiveness information’, with respect to a drug that is or contains a controlled substance for which a listing in any schedule is in effect (on a temporary or permanent basis) under section 201 of the Controlled Substances Act, means new infor-mation about the effectiveness of the drug, including a new analysis of existing informa-tion, derived from— ‘‘(i) a clinical trial; an adverse event re-port; a postapproval study or clinical trial (including a study or clinical trial under paragraph (3)); ‘‘(ii) peer-reviewed biomedical literature; ‘‘(iii) data derived from the postmarket risk identification and analysis system under subsection (k); or ‘‘(iv) other scientific data determined to be appropriate by the Secretary.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS WITH RE-
SPECT TO LABELING CHANGES .—Section 505(o)(4) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(o)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR NEW  
EFFECTIVENESS ’’ after ‘‘ SAFETY ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘safety information’’ and inserting ‘‘new safety information or new ef-fectiveness information such’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘believes should be’’ and in-serting ‘‘believes changes should be made to’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘new safety information’’ and by inserting ‘‘new safety information or new effectiveness information’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘indications,’’ after ‘‘boxed warnings,’’; (3) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or new effectiveness information’’ after ‘‘safety information’’; and (4) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘or new effectiveness information’’ after ‘‘safety information’’. (f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendments made by this section shall be construed to alter, in any manner, the mean-ing or application of the provisions of para-graph (3) of section 505(o) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(o)) with respect to the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to require a postapproval study or clinical trial for a purpose specified in clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (B) of such paragraph (3) or paragraph (4) of such section 505(o) with respect to the Secretary’s authority to require safety labeling changes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak in favor of this bipartisan bill and thank Rep-resentative M
CNERNEY and Representa-tive G
RIFFITH for working so hard to advance this important policy. Currently, there are limited data on the long-term efficacy of opioids, their increased addictive tendencies over time, and their overall place in the treatment of pain. This legislation will enhance the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s authorities and enforcement tools to ensure timely post-marketing studies for chronically administered opioids. Collecting and analyzing data is the best way to ensure that patients and physicians have access to evidence- based treatments. This bill will ad-vance our understanding of the science underlying long-term use of opioids, and I encourage my colleagues to sup-port its passage. Mr. Speaker, I especially appreciate the work of the sponsors of this bill, in-cluding Representative G
RIFFITH , who would be here with us to speak in favor of this legislation but for traffic con-gestion on his way back from his dis-trict that has detained him from get-ting here as he had previously sched-uled. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support the bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5811, the Long-Term Opioid Efficacy Act of 2018, authored by Representa-tives M
CNERNEY and G RIFFITH . Despite the prevalent use of opioids today in combating pain, the long-term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.024 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5244 June 19, 2018 
impacts of opioids and whether or not they are truly the most effective treat-ment is still fairly unknown. FDA Commissioner Gottlieb testified before the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee that many opioids have not been studied for chronic administra-tion and further studying could help address certain questions. This in-cludes the long-term efficacy of opioids and whether opioids may contribute to increased addictive tendencies over time. This legislation would help us better understand the long-term impacts of opioids and whether opioids truly are the most effective treatment for chron-ic pain management by allowing the FDA to require manufacturers of con-trolled substances, such as opioids, to conduct post-market studies to assess the effectiveness of these products and whether or not they pose an increase in serious risk. b1515 Under current law, the FDA has the authority to request postmarket stud-ies relating to the safety consider-ations of a drug, but it does not have explicit authority to do so related to the efficacy of a drug. It is our hope that, by granting this authority to the FDA, we will better understand the long-term impacts of opioids that are chronically administered and encour-age more responsible prescribing of opioids moving forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) will control the time for the majority. There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5811, which amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to post approval study require-ments for certain controlled substances. H.R. 5811 allows the FDA to require that pharmaceutical manufacturers study certain drugs after they are approved to assess any potential reduction in those drugs’ effective-ness for the conditions of use prescribed, rec-ommended, or suggested in labeling. In recent years, many communities have been devastated by the number of overdoses that have been related to the escalating opioid epidemic. According to U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, illegal substances, deadly synthetics such as fentanyl, and legally avail-able pain relievers accounted for more than 42,000 deaths across the country in 2016. Further, in the city of Houston, there were 364 drug-related overdose deaths alone that happened in 2016 according to the Treatment Center, a highly respected drug and alcohol addiction treatment service center. This is a national emergency that deserves immediate action. H.R. 5811 would expand an existing man-date that requires drug developers to conduct post-approval studies or clinical trials for cer-tain drugs. FDA will provide doctors and patients the in-formation they need to use medicines wisely. This will ensure that drugs, both brand- name and generic, work correctly and that their health benefits outweigh their known risks. Under current law, in certain instances, the FDA can require studies or clinical trials after a drug has been approved. H.R. 5811 would permit the FDA to use that authority if the reduction in a drug’s effective-ness meant that its benefits no longer out-weighed its costs. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to pass H.R. 5811. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WAL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5811, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DELAYING REDUCTION IN FED-ERAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE PERCENTAGE FOR CERTAIN MEDICAID PERSONAL CARE SERVICES Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6042) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduc-tion in Federal medical assistance per-centage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an elec-tronic visit verification system, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6042 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DELAY IN REDUCTION OF FMAP FOR MEDICAID PERSONAL CARE SERV-ICES FURNISHED WITHOUT AN ELECTRONIC VISIT VERIFICATION SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1903(l) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(l)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘2019 and’’; and (2) in paragraph (4)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘cal-endar quarters in 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘cal-endar quarters in 2020’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON STAKEHOLDER  I
NPUT REGARDING ELECTRONIC VISIT V
ERIFICATION SYSTEMS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services should— (A) convene at least one public meeting in 2018 for the purpose of soliciting ongoing feedback from Medicaid stakeholders on guidance issued by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services on May 16, 2018, regard-ing electronic visit verification; and (B) communicate with such stakeholders regularly and throughout the implementa-tion process in a clear and transparent man-ner to monitor beneficiary protections; (2) such stakeholders should include State Medicaid directors, beneficiaries, family caregivers, individuals and entities who pro-vide personal care services or home health care services, Medicaid managed care organi-zations, electronic visit verification vendors, and other stakeholders, as determined by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services; and (3) taking into account stakeholder input on the implementation of the electronic visit verification requirement under the Medicaid program is vital in order to ensure that the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services is aware and able to mitigate any adverse out-comes with the implementation of this pol-icy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 6042, which will ensure the proper implementation of the elec-tronic visit verification system, or EVV, in State Medicaid programs. EVV provides a way to track the delivery of in-home Medicaid personal care serv-ices to help prevent instances of fraud and abuse and to protect patients, en-suring they get the services they are entitled to receive. Many frail, disabled, or otherwise homebound patients benefit from and even rely on Medicaid personal care services and home health services. Yet the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of Inspector General, OIG, found in recent years that the ex-isting program safeguards at the time were often ineffective, despite the fact that they were intended to prevent im-proper payments and to ensure medical necessity, patient safety, and quality care. Furthermore, the OIG warned that fraud in this area was on the rise, which endangers vulnerable patients and wastes taxpayer money. EVV sys-tems were developed to protect some of the most vulnerable Medicaid recipi-ents. Last Congress, in response to the OIG report, I wrote and included a provision in the bipartisan 21st Century Cures Act to require State Medicaid pro-grams to use EVV to track all personal care services conducted in a patient’s home. In the time since the implemen-tation of Cures, I have received feed-back that more time is needed to im-plement EVV systems to make sure that they are properly and fully inte-grating the EVV technology. This year, I worked with Congress-woman D
EGETTE and Congressman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.028 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5245 June 19, 2018 
LANGEVIN to introduce H.R. 6042, which gives States an extra year to put in place their EVV systems and ensure stakeholder input. Home visits are a critical part of providing quality care to patients, many of whom have dis-abilities and rely on extra care in their homes. H.R. 6042 will make sure that EVV can be implemented effectively. Thanks to hard work, the bill has changed a little bit working with Con-gresswoman D
EGETTE , who came to me and said we want to make sure that we have stakeholder input. That is in-cluded in this version of the bill that is before us now. Her diligence in doing that has been very helpful, and I appre-ciate her efforts in that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill to provide a simple fix for the benefit of improved accountability and patient care in State Medicaid programs. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachu-setts for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6042, which will delay implementation of the Medicaid electronic visit verifi-cation system requirement by 1 year and promote stakeholder feedback as part of its implementation. The Medicaid EVV system require-ment under the landmark 21st Century Cures Act was established to ensure ac-curate billing and delivery of personal care services in the homes of Medicaid beneficiaries. We want to make sure that Medicaid patients are accurately getting the care that they received, that Medicaid is properly billed for those services, and that we do every-thing possible to wring fraud out of the system. Unfortunately, the short implemen-tation period, compounded by a delay in CMS guidance and a lack of stake-holder input, has presented significant challenges for affected populations, es-pecially seniors and people with dis-abilities. I am pleased to join my colleagues, Representative G
UTHRIE and Rep-resentative D
EGETTE , in supporting this important piece of legislation. I am glad to see that Representative G
UTHRIE ’s bill largely mirrors the bi-partisan, bicameral legislation I intro-duced to address this issue last month. The collaboration and the inclusive approach it took to bring this bill to the floor is the same dynamic Medicaid beneficiaries, family caregivers, per-sonal care and home health providers, and other stakeholders are hoping to see from CMS when the agency defines EVV system requirements so that States can design effective and thoughtful EVV programs. Delaying implementation by 1 year and encouraging input from relevant stakeholders will be paramount to the success of the EVV programs and is a part of our enduring promise to protect vulnerable populations, people who would otherwise suffer from adverse outcomes should the policy be hastily implemented. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GUTHRIE , Congresswoman D
EGETTE , Chairman W
ALDEN , Ranking Member P ALLONE , and all those who had a hand in bring-ing this bill to the floor today for the opportunity to join in leading this im-portant effort. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the gentleman from Rhode Island for all of his work and dedica-tion on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to sup-port the bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, I didn’t see my friend from Rhode Island on the floor when I was speaking earlier on Ms. D
EGETTE  and her work in this. He has been working really hard. I appreciate my friend from Rhode Island leading on this issue and us being able to work to-gether and our staffs working together to make something very important like this. His input was very important on the stakeholder issue, as was Ms. D
EGETTE ’s. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Representatives G
UTHRIE and L ANGEVIN  for working with me on this very important bill, which addresses a national health care issue involving safety, efficiency and privacy affect-ing many of our constituents. As most people who have been engaged in this matter know, the mental health portion of the 21st Century Cures Act—the overwhelm-ingly bipartisan biomedical reform bill that was signed into law in December 2016—included what is called electronic visit verification (EVV) provisions. These provisions require states to verify the provider, date, time and site of per-sonal care and home health services. They were meant to give patients the power to hold their providers accountable for deliv-ering services when and where they are sup-posed to do so. But given the delay by the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services (CMS) in getting guidance for implementation of the provisions to the states, and the way the agency ignored Congressional intent to involve stakeholders in the regulatory process, House members had to step in to try and right what the Executive Branch has done poorly in the past year and a half. The bill before you today grants a one-year delay in implementation of the EVV require-ments. It also requires CMS to involve stake-holders both in the planning and throughout the implementation of the EVV requirements to ensure that the privacy and civil rights of consumers are protected. This bill ensures that administrative and fi-nancial burdens on service providers are nei-ther onerous nor duplicative and that states are able to design and implement their EVV programs in a thoughtful, deliberative manner. It also affords CMS the opportunity to hear from beneficiaries enrolled in self-directed plans about the challenges EVV could present for them. This legislation will also help foster a com-prehensive and transparent process that care-fully balances the serious privacy concerns of consumers and caregivers, the administrative and financial concerns of providers and states, and EVV’s goals of patient control and fraud prevention. Mr. Speaker, if properly implemented EVV has potential to ensure that high-quality serv-ices are delivered when and where needed, while also reducing the potential for waste and fraud. This legislation will require CMS to fol-low a proper stakeholder engagement proc-ess, in order to ensure that the policy is imple-mented correctly. It will also allow each state greater opportunity to ensure that its EVV pro-grams are best suited to individuals’ specific needs. I strongly urge all members to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6042, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MEDICAID PROVIDERS ARE RE-QUIRED TO NOTE EXPERIENCES IN RECORD SYSTEMS TO HELP IN-NEED PATIENTS ACT Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5801) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for re-quirements under the Medicaid pro-gram relating to the use of qualified prescription drug monitoring programs and prescribing certain controlled sub-stances, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5801 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicaid Providers Are Required To Note Experiences in Record Systems to Help In-need Patients Act’’ or the ‘‘Medicaid PARTNERSHIP Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MEDICAID PROVIDERS ARE REQUIRED TO NOTE EXPERIENCES IN RECORD SYSTEMS TO HELP IN-NEED PA-TIENTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS UNDER THE MEDICAID  P
ROGRAM RELATING TO QUALIFIED PRESCRIP -
TION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAMS AND PRE-
SCRIBING CERTAIN CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES .— Title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1943 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1944. REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO QUALI-FIED PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONI-TORING PROGRAMS AND PRE-SCRIBING CERTAIN CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning October 1, 2021, a State shall, subject to subsection (d), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.031 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5246 June 19, 2018 
require each covered provider to check, in accordance with such timing, manner, and form as specified by the State, the prescrip-tion drug history of a covered individual being treated by the covered provider through a qualified prescription drug moni-toring program described in subsection (b) before prescribing to such individual a con-trolled substance. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFIED PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONI-
TORING PROGRAM DESCRIBED .—A qualified prescription drug monitoring program de-scribed in this subsection is, with respect to a State, a prescription drug monitoring pro-gram administered by the State that, at a minimum, satisfies each of the following cri-teria: ‘‘(1) The program facilitates access by a covered provider to, at a minimum, the fol-lowing information with respect to a covered individual, in as close to real-time as pos-sible: ‘‘(A) Information regarding the prescrip-tion drug history of a covered individual with respect to controlled substances. ‘‘(B) The number and type of controlled substances prescribed to and filled for the covered individual during at least the most recent 12-month period. ‘‘(C) The name, location, and contact infor-mation (or other identifying number selected by the State, such as a national provider identifier issued by the National Plan and Provider Enumeration System of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) of each covered provider who prescribed a controlled substance to the covered individual during at least the most recent 12-month period. ‘‘(2) The program facilitates the integra-tion of information described in paragraph (1) into the workflow of a covered provider, which may include the electronic system the covered provider uses to prescribe controlled substances. A qualified prescription drug monitoring program described in this subsection, with respect to a State, may have in place, in ac-cordance with applicable State and Federal law, a data sharing agreement with the State Medicaid program that allows the medical director and pharmacy director of such program (and any designee of such a di-rector who reports directly to such director) to access the information described in para-graph (1) in an electronic format. The State Medicaid program under this title may fa-cilitate reasonable and limited access, as de-termined by the State and ensuring docu-mented beneficiary protections regarding the use of such data, to such qualified pre-scription drug monitoring program for the medical director or pharmacy director of any managed care entity (as defined under sec-tion 1932(a)(1)(B)) that has a contract with the State under section 1903(m) or under sec-tion 1905(t)(3), or the medical director or pharmacy director of any entity has a con-tract to manage the pharmaceutical benefit with respect to individuals enrolled in the State plan (or waiver of the State plan). All applicable State and Federal security and privacy laws shall apply to the directors or designees of such directors of any State Med-icaid program or entity accessing a qualified prescription drug monitoring program under this section. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF PRIVACY RULES CLARI-
FICATION .—The Secretary shall clarify pri-vacy requirements, including requirements under the regulations promulgated pursuant to section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note), related to the shar-ing of data under subsection (b) in the same manner as the Secretary is required under subparagraph (J) of section 1860D–4(c)(5) to clarify privacy requirements related to the sharing of data described in such subpara-graph. ‘‘(d) ENSURING ACCESS .—In order to ensure reasonable access to health care, the Sec-retary shall waive the application of the re-quirement under subsection (a), with respect to a State, in the case of natural disasters and similar situations, and in the case of the provision of emergency services (as defined for purposes of section 1860D– 4(c)(5)(D)(ii)(II)). ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) S
TATE REPORTS .—Each State shall in-clude in the annual report submitted to the Secretary under section 1927(g)(3)(D), begin-ning with such reports submitted for 2023, in-formation including, at a minimum, the fol-lowing information for the most recent 12- month period: ‘‘(A) The percentage of covered providers (as determined pursuant to a process estab-lished by the State) who checked the pre-scription drug history of a covered individual through a qualified prescription drug moni-toring program described in subsection (b) before prescribing to such individual a con-trolled substance. ‘‘(B) Aggregate trends with respect to pre-scribing controlled substances such as— ‘‘(i) the quantity of daily morphine milli-gram equivalents prescribed for controlled substances; ‘‘(ii) the number and quantity of daily morphine milligram equivalents prescribed for controlled substances per covered indi-vidual; and ‘‘(iii) the types of controlled substances prescribed, including the dates of such pre-scriptions, the supplies authorized (including the duration of such supplies), and the period of validity of such prescriptions, in different populations (such as individuals who are el-derly, individuals with disabilities, and indi-viduals who are enrolled under both this title and title XVIII). ‘‘(C) Whether or not the State requires (and a detailed explanation as to why the State does or does not require) pharmacists to check the prescription drug history of a covered individual through a qualified drug management program before dispensing a controlled substance to such individual. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT BY CMS .—Not later than Octo-ber 1, 2023, the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services shall pub-lish on the publicly available website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services a report including the following information: ‘‘(A) Guidance for States on how States can increase the percentage of covered pro-viders who use qualified prescription drug monitoring programs described in subsection (b). ‘‘(B) Best practices for how States and cov-ered providers should use such qualified pre-scription drug monitoring programs to re-duce the occurrence of abuse of controlled substances. ‘‘(f) I
NCREASE TO FEDERAL MATCHING RATE 
FOR CERTAIN EXPENDITURES RELATING TO  Q
UALIFIED PRESCRIPTION DRUG MANAGEMENT  P
ROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall increase the Federal medical assistance percentage or Federal matching rate that would otherwise apply to a State under section 1903(a) for a calendar quarter occurring during the period beginning October 1, 2018, and ending Sep-tember 30, 2021, for expenditures by the State for activities under the State plan (or waiver of the State plan) to implement a prescrip-tion drug management program that satis-fies the criteria described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) if the State (in this subsection referred to as the ‘administering State’) has in place agreements with all States that are contiguous to such admin-istering State that, when combined, enable covered providers in all such contiguous States to access, through the prescription drug management program, the information that is described in subsection (b)(1) of cov-ered individuals of such administering State and that covered providers in such admin-istering State are able to access through such program. In no case shall an increase under this subsection result in a Federal medical assistance percentage or Federal matching rate that exceeds 100 percent. ‘‘(g) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section prevents a State from requiring pharmacists to check the prescription drug history of covered individuals through a qualified drug management program before dispensing controlled substances to such in-dividuals. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCE .—The term ‘controlled substance’ means a drug that is included in schedule II of section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act and, at the option of the State involved, a drug included in schedule III or IV of such section. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘cov-ered individual’ means, with respect to a State, an individual who is enrolled in the State plan (or under a waiver of such plan). Such term does not include an individual who— ‘‘(A) is receiving— ‘‘(i) hospice or palliative care; or ‘‘(ii) treatment for cancer; ‘‘(B) is a resident of a long-term care facil-ity, of a facility described in section 1905(d), or of another facility for which frequently abused drugs are dispensed for residents through a contract with a single pharmacy; or ‘‘(C) the State elects to treat as exempted from such term. ‘‘(3) C
OVERED PROVIDER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered pro-vider’ means, subject to subparagraph (B), with respect to a State, a health care pro-vider who is participating under the State plan (or waiver of the State plan) and li-censed, registered, or otherwise permitted by the State to prescribe a controlled substance (or the designee of such provider). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning October 1, 2021, for purposes of this section, such term does not include a health care provider in-cluded in any type of health care provider determined by the Secretary to be exempt from application of this section under clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS PROCESS .—Not later than October 1, 2020, the Secretary, after con-sultation with the National Association of Medicaid Directors, national health care pro-vider associations, Medicaid beneficiary ad-vocates, and advocates for individuals with rare diseases, shall determine, based on such consultations, the types of health care pro-viders (if any) that should be exempted from the definition of the term ‘covered provider’ for purposes of this section.’’. (b) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, in consulta-tion with the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, shall issue guidance on best practices on the uses of pre-scription drug monitoring programs required of prescribers and on protecting the privacy of Medicaid beneficiary information main-tained in and accessed through prescription drug monitoring programs. (c) D
EVELOPMENT OF MODEL STATE PRAC-
TICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2020, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall develop and publish model practices to assist State Medicaid program operations in identifying and implementing strategies to utilize data sharing agreements 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.008 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5247 June 19, 2018 
described in the matter following paragraph (2) of section 1944(b) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (a), for the fol-lowing purposes: (A) Monitoring and preventing fraud, waste, and abuse. (B) Improving health care for individuals enrolled in a State plan under title XIX of such Act (or waiver of such plan) who— (i) transition in and out of coverage under such title; (ii) may have sources of health care cov-erage in addition to coverage under such title; or (iii) pay for prescription drugs with cash. (C) Any other purposes specified by the Secretary. (2) E
LEMENTS OF MODEL PRACTICES .—The model practices described in paragraph (1)— (A) shall include strategies for assisting States in allowing the medical director or pharmacy director (or designees of such a di-rector) of managed care organizations or pharmaceutical benefit managers to access information with respect to all covered indi-viduals served by such managed care organi-zations or pharmaceutical benefit managers to access as a single data set, in an elec-tronic format; and (B) shall include any appropriate bene-ficiary protections and privacy guidelines. (3) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing model practices under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall consult with the National Asso-ciation of Medicaid Directors, managed care entities (as defined in section 1932(a)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act) with contracts with States pursuant to section 1903(m) of such Act, pharmaceutical benefit managers, phy-sicians and other health care providers, ben-eficiary advocates, and individuals with ex-pertise in health care technology related to prescription drug monitoring programs and electronic health records. (d) R
EPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— Not later than October 1, 2020, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall issue a report examining the operation of prescription drug monitoring programs ad-ministered by States, including data secu-rity and access standards used by such programs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, cosponsored by myself, Representative G
RIFFITH , Rep-resentative F
ITZPATRICK , and Rep-resentative B
LACKBURN , requires Med-icaid providers to check the prescrip-tion drug history of a beneficiary through a qualified prescription drug monitoring program, or PDMP, before prescribing a schedule II controlled substance. This is a crucial step in helping us get a grip on the crisis we are facing. Currently, 49 States have a PDMP program, and the final State, Missouri, has begun creating a PDMP program. However, only 13 States require the prescribers check the patient’s pre-scribing history prior to prescribing controlled substances, despite the fact that studies show that mandatory PDMP access laws are effective in re-ducing prescription drug abuse and, in particular, opioid abuse. For example, evidence from New York suggests that PDMPs are associ-ated with a 75 percent decrease in the number of beneficiaries who got a pre-scription drug from more than one pre-scriber and dispenser. Implementation of Florida’s PDMP was associated with a 25 percent decrease in mortality re-lated to oxycodone. Both the current and past adminis-trations have noted that PDMPs should be leveraged in the opioid crisis and are most effective when they are used by all clinicians. This bill requires that States have a qualified PDMP by October 1, 2021, and provides enhanced matching funds from fiscal years 2018 to 2021 for States to establish data-sharing agreements with bordering States. Finally, the bill requires CMS to pub-lish best practices for how States and covered providers can use PDMPs to re-duce the abuse of controlled sub-stances. Medicaid patients are especially vul-nerable to being harmed by the opioid epidemic. This bill is an important step and one that I believe will help us ad-dress the scourge that is the opioid cri-sis. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GRIFFITH  for his leadership on this issue, which has been invaluable. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on H.R. 5801, the Medicaid PARTNERSHIP Act. This legislation requires Medicaid providers to have a program that re-quires providers to check a qualified prescription drug monitoring program, a PDMP, before prescribing a schedule II controlled substance and encourages integration of the PDMP into a pro-vider’s clinical work flow. Today, Mr. Speaker, more than 30 States have some form of mandated provider PDMP check. This legislation would require all Medicaid programs to have such a policy in place. Integrating PDMPs with Medicaid is a critical tool in this crisis for our pro-viders to be able to prevent opioid ad-diction. Research has demonstrated that these types of mandates can encourage registration and use of a State’s PDMP by providers. That is why I support in-vesting in our PDMPs so that they are good realtime systems that our pro-viders can actually check easily. Importantly, this legislation pre-serves the ability of States to work with providers to design a mandate that best meets the needs of all in-volved. State flexibility and proper financing of our PDMPs is critical to achieving the intent of this legislation, which, if enacted, I will closely monitor going forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GIANFORTE ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5801, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
OPIOID ADDICTION ACTION PLAN ACT Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5590) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for an action plan on recommendations for changes under Medicare and Med-icaid to prevent opioids addictions and enhance access to medication-assisted treatment, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5590 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Opioid Addic-tion Action Plan Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ACTION PLAN ON RECOMMENDATIONS FOR CHANGES UNDER MEDICARE AND MEDICAID TO PREVENT OPIOIDS ADDICTIONS AND ENHANCE ACCESS TO MEDICATION-ASSISTED TREATMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’), in collaboration with the Pain Man-agement Best Practices Inter-Agency Task Force convened under section 101(b) of the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198), shall develop an action plan that provides recommendations described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTION PLANCOMPONENTS .—Recommenda-tions described in this subsection are, based on an examination by the Secretary of potential ob-stacles to an effective response to the opioid cri-sis, recommendations, as determined appropriate by the Secretary, on the following: (1) Recommendations on changes to the Medi-care program under title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act that would enhance coverage and payment under such programs of all medi-cation-assisted treatment approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of opioid addiction and other therapies that man-age chronic and acute pain and treat and mini-mize risk of opioid addiction, including rec-ommendations on changes to the Medicare pro-spective payment system for hospital inpatient department services under section 1886(d) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.008 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5248 June 19, 2018 
such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)) and the Medi-care prospective payment system for hospital outpatient department services under section 1833(t) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)) that would allow for separate payment for such therapies, if medically appropriate and if nec-essary to encourage development and adoption of such therapies. (2) Recommendations for payment and service delivery models to be tested by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation and other federally authorized demonstration projects, in-cluding value-based models, that may encourage the use of appropriate medication-assisted treat-ment approved by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration for the treatment of opioid addiction and other therapies that manage chronic and acute pain and treat and minimize risk of opioid ad-diction. (3) Recommendations for data collection that could facilitate research and policy making re-garding prevention of opioid addiction and cov-erage and payment under the Medicare and Medicaid programs of appropriate opioid addic-tion treatments. (4) Recommendations for policies under the Medicare program and under the Medicaid pro-gram that can expand access for rural, or medi-cally underserved communities to the full range of medication-assisted treatment approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treat-ment of opioid addiction and other therapies that manage chronic and acute pain and treat-ment and minimize risk of opioid addiction. (5) Recommendations on changes to the Medi-care program and the Medicaid program to ad-dress coverage or payment barriers to patient access to medical devices that are non-opioid based treatments approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the management of acute pain and chronic pain, for monitoring substance use withdrawal and preventing overdoses of controlled substances, and for treating substance use disorder. (c) S
TAKEHOLDER MEETINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 3 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a public stake-holder meeting to solicit public comment on the components of the action plan recommendations described in subsection (b). (2) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Participants of meetings described in paragraph (1) shall include rep-resentatives from the Food and Drug Adminis-tration and National Institutes of Health, bio-pharmaceutical industry members, medical re-searchers, health care providers, the medical de-vice industry, the Medicare program, the Med-icaid program, and patient advocates. (d) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION .—Not later than 3 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue a re-quest for information seeking public feedback regarding ways in which the Centers for Medi-care & Medicaid Services can help address the opioid crisis through the development of and ap-plication of the action plan. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress, and make public, a report that includes— (1) a summary of recommendations that have emerged under the action plan; (2) the Secretary’s planned next steps with re-spect to the action plan; and (3) an evaluation of price trends for drugs used to reverse opioid overdoses (such as naloxone), including recommendations on ways to lower such prices for consumers. (f) D
EFINITION OF MEDICATION -ASSISTED  T
REATMENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘medica-tion-assisted treatment’’ includes opioid treat-ment programs, behavioral therapy, and medica-tions to treat substance abuse disorder. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. b1530 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Representative K
INZINGER , Representa-tive C
LARKE , Representative L AHOOD, and Representative D
AVIS for their work on this important bipartisan bill. H.R. 5590 requires the Department of Health and Human Services to develop an opioid addiction plan to evaluate what HHS is doing across the depart-ment to address the opioid crisis and how it can be improved. This action plan will include an evaluation of cov-erage and reimbursement rates for nonopioid pain treatments, the poten-tial role of medical devices in address-ing this crisis, and the availability of treatment for rural and medically un-derserved communities, among other components. In addition, Medicare and Medicaid are on the front lines of this epidemic, and we need to be sure that they are not creating adverse incentives that can harm beneficiaries with coverage and reimbursement decisions. The issues addressed in this bill will also provide an informative review of how CMS can continue to fight this na-tional crisis. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support and pass this bipartisan bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : On May 9 and 17, 2018, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce ordered favorably reported over 50 bills to address the opioid epidemic facing communities across our nation. Several of the bills were also referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that the Committee on Ways and Means not insist on its referral of the fol-lowing bills so that they may be scheduled for consideration by the Majority Leader: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. This concession in no way affects your ju-risdiction over the subject matter of these bills, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bills be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and your response in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN  Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter concerning several bills favor-ably reported out of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce to address the opioid epidemic and which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional refer-ral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within these bills that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may move expeditiously to the floor: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.013 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5249 June 19, 2018 
H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation and re-quests your support for such a request. Finally, I would appreciate your commit-ment to include this exchange of letters in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5590 sponsored by Representatives K
INZINGER and C LARKE . I commend my colleagues for their hard work on this legislation. We know that there is more that the Department of Health and Human Services needs to do to address the opioid crisis. We know that we need to do more not only to bring down opioid prescribing, but to expand access to medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders. H.R. 5590 would direct the Secretary of HHS to examine potential obstacles to an effective response to the opioid crisis and issue recommendations for addressing them. It directs the Sec-retary to look at barriers to both wider use of nonopioid alternatives to man-age pain, as well as therapies that treat opioid addiction. Mr. Speaker, while this is an impor-tant bill, I want to underscore that it is incremental. I also want to reiterate my con-tinuing concern that while Democrats support working on a legislative pack-age to address the opioid crisis, as we have over the course of the day-to-day and over the course of the past several weeks with our Republican colleagues, we must also assure that we first do no harm. The Trump administration and Re-publican efforts to dismantle the Af-fordable Care Act would do serious harm to our healthcare system and to individuals suffering from opioid use disorders specifically. For instance, the Trump administra-tion continues to undermine the indi-vidual market by promoting junk in-surance plans, such as short-term, lim-ited duration health plans. These plans would allow insurers to once again exclude individuals with preexisting conditions, such as opioid use disorder, and charge individuals more based on their health status. It would make coverage for individuals who need comprehensive health cov-erage, such as individuals with opioid use disorders, less affordable and acces-sible. Moreover, apparently Republicans are not done with their efforts to re-peal the ACA. Despite public backlash to repeal efforts last year and despite statements today expressing concern about the opioid crisis, news reports in-dicate that Republicans are once again planning to make another effort to try to repeal the Affordable Care Act. The opioids package cannot be con-sidered in a vacuum. Ongoing efforts to sabotage and repeal the ACA will not only reverse the gains that we make from these efforts today, but will in-flict lasting harm to our healthcare system and our ability to fight the opioid crisis. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, let me take this time to express my appreciation to Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member P
ALLONE , for their leadership in addressing the opioid epidemic in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. On April 24th of this year, I had the oppor-tunity to work across the aisle in introducing bipartisan legislation with my Energy and Commerce colleague, Congressman A
DAM K
INZINGER of Illinois. We were joined by two additional colleagues as original co-sponsors, who sit on the House Ways and Means Committee—Rep. D
ARRIN  L
AHOOD, my Republican colleague from Illinois and Rep. D
ANNY K. D AVIS, my CBC Colleague who hails from Illinois as well. Our bill, The Opioid Addiction Action Plan of 2018, is a roadmap to not only abating the opioid epidemic, but to engaging industry to be innovative in the development of new pain management therapies. There are many players and much is at stake. According to the National Institutes of Drug Abuse, there are more than 115 opioid related deaths per day. The CDC estimates that the economic bur-den of prescription opioid misuse is roughly $78.5 billion a year—and that’s in the U.S. alone. Since we know the enormity of this issue plaguing our country, passing H.R. 5590 would require that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) seeks stake-holder feedback as well as public comment, before producing an Opioid Addiction Act Plan report to Congress. It is going to take all of us to tackle this na-tional opioid epidemic. And Mr. Speaker, with the opioid crisis at epic levels, government cannot do this alone. That is why we are calling on all of our part-ners to aide in the fight against opioid addic-tion in our communities—for both addiction to prescription painkillers and addiction to syn-thetics, including heroin and fentanyl. Overdose deaths that were once perceived as largely a rural white problem have now be-come widespread among black Americans in urban communities who are dying from horrific rates of fentanyl overdoses. While white Americans die at greater rates of overdose deaths, overdose death rates have been steadily increasing among black Americans since 2011—at the time that fentanyl and heroin, as well as other syn-thetics began to climb. One of the solutions to the ever-growing problem to the opioid crisis in the black com-munity is access to addiction care treatment. Traditionally, African Americans have had unequal access to quality health care in com-parison to our white counterparts. This legislation would also mandate im-proved data collection to better understand the opioid crisis. H.R. 5590 directs the CMS to develop an Opioid Addiction Action Plan to address chal-lenges for treatment of substance abuse dis-orders. Additionally, this bill also identifies non- opioid pain management options and make considerations for Medicare and Medicaid cov-erage and reimbursement of medication-as-sisted treatment (MAT) for opioid use dis-orders. In addition to making sure our communities have access to medication-assisted treatment, it is important that we help them in the event someone is in the midst of an overdose. Mr. Speaker, we cannot leave those behind who need us most. We are our brother’s and our sister’s keep-ers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5590, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DR. TODD GRAHAM PAIN MANAGE-MENT, TREATMENT, AND RECOV-ERY ACT OF 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6110) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the review and adjustment of payments under the Medicare outpatient prospec-tive payment system to avoid financial incentives to use opioids instead of non-opioid alternative treatments, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.018 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5250 June 19, 2018 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6110 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dr. Todd Graham Pain Management, Treatment, and Recovery Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REVIEW AND ADJUSTMENT OF PAYMENTS UNDER THE MEDICARE OUTPATIENT PROSPECTIVE PAYMENT SYSTEM TO AVOID FINANCIAL INCENTIVES TO USE OPIOIDS INSTEAD OF NON- OPIOID ALTERNATIVE TREATMENTS. 
(a) O UTPATIENT PROSPECTIVE PAYMENT SYS-
TEM.—Section 1833(t) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(22) R
EVIEW AND REVISIONS OF PAYMENTS  
FOR NON -OPIOID ALTERNATIVE TREATMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to pay-ments made under this subsection for cov-ered OPD services (or groups of services), in-cluding covered OPD services assigned to a comprehensive ambulatory payment classi-fication, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall, as soon as practicable, conduct a review (part of which may include a request for information) of payments for opioids and evidence-based non-opioid alternatives for pain management (including drugs and de-vices, nerve blocks, surgical injections, and neuromodulation) with a goal of ensuring that there are not financial incentives to use opioids instead of non-opioid alternatives; ‘‘(ii) may, as the Secretary determines ap-propriate, conduct subsequent reviews of such payments; and ‘‘(iii) shall consider the extent to which re-visions under this subsection to such pay-ments (such as the creation of additional groups of covered OPD services to classify separately those procedures that utilize opioids and non-opioid alternatives for pain management) would reduce payment incen-tives to use opioids instead of non-opioid al-ternatives for pain management. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In conducting the review under clause (i) of subparagraph (A) and con-sidering revisions under clause (iii) of such subparagraph, the Secretary shall focus on covered OPD services (or groups of services) assigned to a comprehensive ambulatory payment classification, ambulatory payment classifications that primarily include sur-gical services, and other services determined by the Secretary which generally involve treatment for pain management. ‘‘(C) R
EVISIONS .—If the Secretary identifies revisions to payments pursuant to subpara-graph (A)(iii), the Secretary shall, as deter-mined appropriate, begin making such revi-sions for services furnished on or after Janu-ary 1, 2020. Revisions under the previous sen-tence shall be treated as adjustments for purposes of application of paragraph (9)(B). ‘‘(D) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to preclude the Secretary— ‘‘(i) from conducting a demonstration be-fore making the revisions described in sub-paragraph (C); or ‘‘(ii) prior to implementation of this para-graph, from changing payments under this subsection for covered OPD services (or groups of services) which include opioids or non-opioid alternatives for pain manage-ment.’’. (b) A
MBULATORY SURGICAL CENTERS .—Sec- tion 1833(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(i)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) The Secretary shall conduct a similar type of review as required under paragraph (22) of section 1833(t)), including the second sentence of subparagraph (C) of such para-graph, to payment for services under this subsection, and make such revisions under this paragraph, in an appropriate manner (as determined by the Secretary).’’. SEC. 3. EXPANDING ACCESS UNDER THE MEDI-CARE PROGRAM TO ADDICTION TREATMENT IN FEDERALLY QUALI-FIED HEALTH CENTERS AND RURAL HEALTH CLINICS. 
(a) F EDERALLY QUALIFIED HEALTH CEN-
TERS .—Section 1834(o) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(o)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL PAYMENTS FOR CERTAIN  
FQHCS WITH PHYSICIANS OR OTHER PRACTI -
TIONERS RECEIVING DATA 2000 WAIVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a Feder-ally qualified health center with respect to which, beginning on or after January 1, 2019, Federally-qualified health center services (as defined in section 1861(aa)(3)) are furnished for the treatment of opioid use disorder by a physician or practitioner who meets the re-quirements described in subparagraph (C) the Secretary shall, subject to availability of funds under subparagraph (D), make a pay-ment (at such time and in such manner as specified by the Secretary) to such Federally qualified health center after receiving and approving an application submitted by such Federally qualified health center under sub-paragraph (B). Such a payment shall be in an amount determined by the Secretary, based on an estimate of the average costs of train-ing for purposes of receiving a waiver de-scribed in subparagraph (C)(ii). Such a pay-ment may be made only one time with re-spect to each such physician or practitioner. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—In order to receive a payment described in subparagraph (A), a Federally-qualified health center shall sub-mit to the Secretary an application for such a payment at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as specified by the Secretary. A Federally-qualified health center may apply for such a payment for each physician or practitioner described in subparagraph (A) furnishing services de-scribed in such subparagraph at such center. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), the requirements described in this subparagraph, with respect to a physi-cian or practitioner, are the following: ‘‘(i) The physician or practitioner is em-ployed by or working under contract with a Federally qualified health center described in subparagraph (A) that submits an applica-tion under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) The physician or practitioner first re-ceives a waiver under section 303(g) of the Controlled Substances Acton or after Janu-ary 1, 2019. ‘‘(D) F
UNDING .—For purposes of making payments under this paragraph, there are ap-propriated, out of amounts in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $6,000,000, which shall remain available until expended.’’. (b) R
URAL HEALTH CLINIC .—Section 1833 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l) is amended— (1) by redesignating the subsection (z) re-lating to medical review of spinal sub-luxation services as subsection (aa); and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(bb) A
DDITIONAL PAYMENTS FOR CERTAIN  R
URAL HEALTH CLINICS WITHPHYSICIANS OR  P
RACTITIONERS RECEIVING DATA 2000 W AIV-
ERS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a rural health clinic with respect to which, begin-ning on or after January 1, 2019, rural health clinic services (as defined in section 1861(aa)(1)) are furnished for the treatment of opioid use disorder by a physician or practi-tioner who meets the requirements described in paragraph (3), the Secretary shall, subject to availability of funds under paragraph (4), make a payment (at such time and in such manner as specified by the Secretary) to such rural health clinic after receiving and approving an application described in para-graph (2). Such payment shall be in an amount determined by the Secretary, based on an estimate of the average costs of train-ing for purposes of receiving a waiver de-scribed in paragraph (3)(B). Such payment may be made only one time with respect to each such physician or practitioner. ‘‘(2) APPLICATION .—In order to receive a payment described in paragraph (1), a rural health clinic shall submit to the Secretary an application for such a payment at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as specified by the Secretary. A rural health clinic may apply for such a pay-ment for each physician or practitioner de-scribed in paragraph (1) furnishing services described in such paragraph at such clinic. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the requirements described in this paragraph, with respect to a physician or practitioner, are the following: ‘‘(A) The physician or practitioner is em-ployed by or working under contract with a rural health clinic described in paragraph (1) that submits an application under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) The physician or practitioner first re-ceives a waiver under section 303(g) of the Controlled Substances Acton or after Janu-ary 1, 2019. ‘‘(4) F
UNDING .—For purposes of making payments under this subsection, there are appropriated, out of amounts in the Treas-ury not otherwise appropriated, $2,000,000, which shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
SEC. 4. STUDYING THE AVAILABILITY OF SUPPLE-MENTAL BENEFITS DESIGNED TO TREAT OR PREVENT SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS UNDER MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall submit to Congress a report on the availability of supplemental health care benefits (as described in section 1852(a)(3)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 22(a)(3)(A))) designed to treat or prevent sub-stance use disorders under Medicare Advan-tage plans offered under part C of title XVIII of such Act. Such report shall include the analysis described in subsection (c) and any differences in the availability of such bene-fits under specialized MA plans for special needs individuals (as defined in section 1859(b)(6) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 28(b)(6))) offered to individuals entitled to medical assistance under title XIX of such Act and other such Medicare Advantage plans. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop the report described in subsection (a) in consultation with relevant stakeholders, including— (1) individuals entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act; (2) entities who advocate on behalf of such individuals; (3) Medicare Advantage organizations; (4) pharmacy benefit managers; and (5) providers of services and suppliers (as such terms are defined in section 1861 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x)). (c) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-section (a) shall include an analysis on the following: (1) The extent to which plans described in such subsection offer supplemental health care benefits relating to coverage of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.037 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5251 June 19, 2018 
(A) medication-assisted treatments for opioid use, substance use disorder coun-seling, peer recovery support services, or other forms of substance use disorder treat-ments (whether furnished in an inpatient or outpatient setting); and (B) non-opioid alternatives for the treat-ment of pain. (2) Challenges associated with such plans offering supplemental health care benefits relating to coverage of items and services de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of para-graph (1). (3) The impact, if any, of increasing the ap-plicable rebate percentage determined under section 1854(b)(1)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–24(b)(1)(C)) for plans of-fering such benefits relating to such cov-erage would have on the availability of such benefits relating to such coverage offered under Medicare Advantage plans. (4) Potential ways to improve upon such coverage or to incentivize such plans to offer additional supplemental health care benefits relating to such coverage. 
SEC. 5. CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGIST SERVICES MOD-ELS UNDER THE CENTER FOR MEDI-CARE AND MEDICAID INNOVATION; GAO STUDY AND REPORT. 
(a) CMI M ODELS .—Section 1115A(b)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(b)(2)(B) is amended by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(xxv) Supporting ways to familiarize indi-viduals with the availability of coverage under part B of title XVIII for qualified psy-chologist services (as defined in section 1861(ii)). ‘‘(xxvi) Exploring ways to avoid unneces-sary hospitalizations or emergency depart-ment visits for mental and behavioral health services (such as for treating depression) through use of a 24-hour, 7-day a week help line that may inform individuals about the availability of treatment options, including the availability of qualified psychologist services (as defined in section 1861(ii)).’’. (b) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study, and submit to Congress a report, on mental and behavioral health services under the Medi-care program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, including an examination of the following: (1) Information about services furnished by psychiatrists, clinical psychologists, and other professionals. (2) Information about ways that Medicare beneficiaries familiarize themselves about the availability of Medicare payment for qualified psychologist services (as defined in section 1861(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(ii)) and ways that the provision of such information could be improved. 
SEC. 6. PAIN MANAGEMENT STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a study analyzing best prac-tices as well as payment and coverage for pain management services under title XVIII of the Social Security Act and submit to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report containing options for revising payment to providers and suppliers of services and coverage re-lated to the use of multi-disciplinary, evi-dence-based, non-opioid treatments for acute and chronic pain management for individ-uals entitled to benefits under part A or en-rolled under part B of title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act. The Secretary shall make such report available on the public website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices. (b) CONSULTATION .—In developing the re-port described in subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall consult with— (1) relevant agencies within the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services; (2) licensed and practicing osteopathic and allopathic physicians, behavioral health practitioners, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, dentists, pharmacists, and other providers of health services; (3) providers and suppliers of services (as such terms are defined in section 1861 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x)); (4) substance abuse and mental health pro-fessional organizations; (5) pain management professional organi-zations and advocacy entities, including in-dividuals who personally suffer chronic pain; (6) medical professional organizations and medical specialty organizations; (7) licensed health care providers who fur-nish alternative pain management services; (8) organizations with expertise in the de-velopment of innovative medical tech-nologies for pain management; (9) beneficiary advocacy organizations; and (10) other organizations with expertise in the assessment, diagnosis, treatment, and management of pain, as determined appro-priate by the Secretary. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of payment and coverage under title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the following: (A) Evidence-based treatments and tech-nologies for chronic or acute pain, including such treatments that are covered, not cov-ered, or have limited coverage under such title. (B) Evidence-based treatments and tech-nologies that monitor substance use with-drawal and prevent overdoses of opioids. (C) Evidence-based treatments and tech-nologies that treat substance use disorders. (D) Items and services furnished by practi-tioners through a multi-disciplinary treat-ment model for pain management, including the patient-centered medical home. (E) Medical devices, non-opioid based drugs, and other therapies (including inter-ventional and integrative pain therapies) ap-proved or cleared by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration for the treatment of pain. (F) Items and services furnished to bene-ficiaries with psychiatric disorders, sub-stance use disorders, or who are at risk of suicide, or have comorbidities and require consultation or management of pain with one or more specialists in pain management, mental health, or addiction treatment. (2) An evaluation of the following: (A) Barriers inhibiting individuals entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under part B of such title from accessing treat-ments and technologies described in subpara-graphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (1). (B) Costs and benefits associated with po-tential expansion of coverage under such title to include items and services not cov-ered under such title that may be used for the treatment of pain, such as acupuncture, therapeutic massage, and items and services furnished by integrated pain management programs. (C) Pain management guidance published by the Federal Government that may be rel-evant to coverage determinations or other coverage requirements under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. (3) An assessment of all guidance published by the Department of Health and Human Services on or after January 1, 2016, relating to the prescribing of opioids. Such assess-ment shall consider incorporating into such guidance relevant elements of the ‘‘Va/DoD Clinical Practice Guideline for Opioid Ther-apy for Chronic Pain’’ published in February 2017 by the Department of Veterans Affairs and Department of Defense, including adop-tion of elements of the Department of De-fense and Veterans Administration pain rat-ing scale. (4) The options described in subsection (d). (5) The impact analysis described in sub-section (e). (d) OPTIONS .—The options described in this subsection are, with respect to individuals entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under part B of title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act, legislative and administrative options for accomplishing the following: (1) Improving coverage of and payment for pain management therapies without the use of opioids, including interventional pain therapies, and options to augment opioid therapy with other clinical and complemen-tary, integrative health services to minimize the risk of substance use disorder, including in a hospital setting. (2) Improving coverage of and payment for medical devices and non-opioid based phar-macological and non-pharmacological thera-pies approved or cleared by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of pain as an alternative or augment to opioid therapy. (3) Improving and disseminating treatment strategies for beneficiaries with psychiatric disorders, substance use disorders, or who are at risk of suicide, and treatment strate-gies to address health disparities related to opioid use and opioid abuse treatment. (4) Improving and disseminating treatment strategies for beneficiaries with comorbidities who require a consultation or comanagement of pain with one or more spe-cialists in pain management, mental health, or addiction treatment, including in a hos-pital setting. (5) Educating providers on risks of co-administration of opioids and other drugs, particularly benzodiazepines. (6) Ensuring appropriate case management for beneficiaries who transition between in-patient and outpatient hospital settings, or between opioid therapy to non-opioid ther-apy, which may include the use of care tran-sition plans. (7) Expanding outreach activities designed to educate providers of services and suppliers under the Medicare program and individuals entitled to benefits under part A or under part B of such title on alternative, non- opioid therapies to manage and treat acute and chronic pain. (8) Creating a beneficiary education tool on alternatives to opioids for chronic pain management. (e) I
MPACT ANALYSIS .—The impact analysis described in this subsection consists of an analysis of any potential effects imple-menting the options described in subsection (d) would have— (1) on expenditures under the Medicare pro-gram; and (2) on preventing or reducing opioid addic-tion for individuals receiving benefits under the Medicare program. 
SEC. 7. SUSPENSION OF PAYMENTS BY MEDICARE PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS AND MA–PD PLANS PENDING INVESTIGA-TIONS OF CREDIBLE ALLEGATIONS OF FRAUD BY PHARMACIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1860D–12(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–112(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) S
USPENSION OF PAYMENTS PENDING IN -
VESTIGATION OF CREDIBLE ALLEGATIONS OF  
FRAUD BY PHARMACIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of sec-tion 1862(o) shall apply with respect to a PDP sponsor with a contract under this part, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.014 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5252 June 19, 2018 
a pharmacy, and payments to such pharmacy under this part in the same manner as such provisions apply with respect to the Sec-retary, a provider of services or supplier, and payments to such provider of services or sup-plier under this title. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as limiting the authority of a PDP sponsor to conduct postpayment review.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO MA–PD P LANS .—Sec- tion 1857(f)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–27(f)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) S
USPENSION OF PAYMENTS PENDING IN -
VESTIGATION OF CREDIBLE ALLEGATIONS OF  
FRAUD BY PHARMACIES .—Section 1860D– 12(b)(7).’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1862(o)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(o)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, section 1860D–12(b)(7) (including as applied pursuant to section 1857(f)(3)(D)),’’ after ‘‘this subsection’’. (d) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO CREDIBLE  A
LLEGATION OF FRAUD .—Section 1862(o) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(o)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) C
REDIBLE ALLEGATION OF FRAUD .—In carrying out this subsection, section 1860D– 12(b)(7) (including as applied pursuant to sec-tion 1857(f)(3)(D)), and section 1903(i)(2)(C), a fraud hotline tip (as defined by the Sec-retary) without further evidence shall not be treated as sufficient evidence for a credible allegation of fraud.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY C
HU) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6110, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6110, the Dr. Todd Graham Pain Management, Treatment, and Recovery Act. Solving the opioid epidemic requires everyone to work together at all levels, from the Federal Government down to those on the front lines of this fight. My legislation focuses on increasing access to pain management alter-natives that do not involve opioids and improving recovery treatment options for those suffering from opioid use dis-order. Additionally, my legislation contains the following provisions that will also be vital in overcoming this crisis: H.R. 5778, the Promoting Outpatient Access to Non-Opioid Treatments Act intro-duced by Representative KENNY  M
ARCHANT and Health Subcommittee Ranking Member S
ANDER LEVIN, which requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or HHS, to require payments made to hospital outpatient departments and ambulatory surgery centers to ensure there are no financial incentives to use opioids over nonopioid alternatives; H.R. 5769, the Expanding Access to Treatment Act in-troduced by Representatives K
EITH R
OTHFUS and D ANNY DAVIS, which pro-vides payments to federally qualified health centers and rural health clinics to offset the cost of their providers re-ceiving training so they are able to provide medication-assisted treatment that will help individuals recover from opioid use disorder; H.R. 5725, the Ben-efit Evaluation of Safe Treatment Act introduced by Health Subcommittee Chairman P
ETER ROSKAM and Rep-resentatives L
INDA SA´NCHEZ , J OHN S
HIMKUS , and R AULRUIZ, which directs the Secretary of HHS to evaluate the extent to which MA plans offer medica-tion-assisted treatments and cover nonopioid alternative treatments not otherwise covered under a Medicare fee for service as part of a supplemental benefit; and H.R. 5790, the Medicare Nurse Hotline Act introduced by Rep-resentatives K
RISTI NOEM and J UDY C
HU, which directs the Secretary of HHS to educate patients on the avail-ability of psychologist services and ex-plore the use of hotlines to reduce un-necessary hospitalizations and Medi-care. The bill is named after my friend Dr. Todd Graham. He was a double board certified physician in both physical medicine and rehabilitation and pain medicine who lived and worked in my district in northern Indiana. Last year, he was senselessly mur-dered after refusing to prescribe an opioid to a patient. Dr. Graham prided himself on serving his patients in a friendly and caring fashion. He treated each person indi-vidually, taking the time to offer spe-cific steps to treat their issues. One day last year, he had an inter-action with a patient demanding opioids, a situation that has become disturbingly all too common. He stood firm in refusing to write a prescription for her, but her husband, who was also there, became increasingly angry throughout that visit. Two hours after they left his office, the husband re-turned and murdered him in cold blood. Dr. Graham’s loss has been a heavy blow, but his legacy of compassion and enthusiasm lives on through his wife, Julie; their two daughters; and their son, who plans to follow in his father’s footsteps. We are lucky to have the Graham family with us here today to witness the passage of this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you re-garding several opioid bills the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably re-ported to address the opioid epidemic. The following bills were also referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may proceed ex-peditiously to the House Floor: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of the bills, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding the following bills, which were also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on these bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I appreciate your acknowledgment that by forgoing formal consideration of these bills, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within its Rule X juris-diction. I also appreciate your offer to sup-port the Committee’s request for the ap-pointment of conferees in the event of a House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.014 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5253 June 19, 2018 
Thank you for your assistance on this mat-ter. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, according to the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Preven-tion, more than 42,000 Americans died from opioid-related drug overdoses in 2016. That is five times more than the overdose rate in 1999. As we have heard from countless Members in this Chamber, there is no congressional district that hasn’t been impacted by the opioid crisis. No town or city is immune from the devastating impact of addiction, and I hope that the steps we take today are the first of many to address the needs of our com-munities. The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, or SAMHSA, estimated that in 2016, 11.8 million Americans over the age of 12 had misused opioids in the past year and 3.8 million were currently misusing prescription pain relievers. But while we are seeing news reports of the devastating toll this crisis is taking on our Nation’s young people, it is important to note that our seniors are also suffering. From 2005 to 2014, in-dividuals 65 years and older experi-enced an 85 percent cumulative in-crease in opioid-related inpatient stays and a 112 percent cumulative increase in emergency department visits, the largest increase of any age group. Compared to other age groups, indi-viduals 65 and older have the highest rate of opioid-related inpatient stays in 13 States, including my home State of California. This crisis is especially acute for the nonelderly Medicare population. In 2015, nonelderly Medicare beneficiaries, or those who qualify on the basis of disability, had opioid utilization rates more than twice that of elderly bene-ficiaries. The bill before us, H.R. 6110, contains numerous provisions aimed at improv-ing access to treatment for Medicare beneficiaries suffering from opioid use disorders, including access to nondrug opioid alternatives. While every alternative will not work for every person, when dealing with a crisis of this magnitude, I believe that we must use every tool in the toolbox. This bill contains two bipartisan pro-visions I authored with my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) for working with me on language that would direct CMS to study barriers to patient access to nondrug alternatives for opioids in chronic care settings. Studies conducted by the NIH have concluded that alternative treatments, like acupuncture, can be effective in treating conditions like chronic pain. This issue is very important to me, be-cause I have been working to expand access to acupuncture since I first ar-rived in the California State legisla-ture many years ago. I have heard firsthand what a difference acupunc-ture can make in the lives of patients. I remember very clearly when I heard the testimony of a woman who had se-vere back pain, but did not want invasive surgery and risk possible ad-diction to morphine. b1545 Instead, she sought acupuncture, and it worked for her. She avoided the risks associated with surgery and certain pain medications. Furthermore, we know access to physical and occupational therapy also helps alleviate pain and eliminates the need for an opioid prescription. By asking CMS to examine where barriers to these alternatives exist, we can open the door to more treatment alternatives for beneficiaries. I am also proud that this bill in-cludes a provision I authored with the gentlewoman from North Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) to address the need for more psychologists in the Medicare program. This bill would direct the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation to examine ways for beneficiaries to fa-miliarize themselves with coverage for psychologist services and request a study from the General Accountability Office on the viability of mental and behavioral health services in the Medi-care program. As one of only two psychologists in Congress, I firmly believe that expand-ing access to psychologist services in Medicare is one of the most important things we can do to improve the men-tal health of our senior population. We know that those who suffer from depression or other mental health dis-orders are particularly vulnerable to addiction. For those who have already taken the incredibly difficult step of seeking treatment, we need to ensure that they have access to the full range of mental health professionals who can support them on the journey to recov-ery. H.R. 6110 also contains a number of provisions from my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee. Congress Members L
EVIN and M ARCHANT au-thored a provision to review certain Medicare payments in outpatient set-tings to determine whether there are financial incentives in the Medicare program to use or prescribe opioids in-stead of evidence-based, nonopioid al-ternatives. Next, the legislation includes a provi-sion introduced by Congress Members S
ANCHEZ and R OSKAM that would direct the Secretary of HHS to evaluate the extent to which Medicare Advantage programs offer medication-assisted treatment, or MAT, and cover nonopioid alternative treatments not otherwise covered under traditional Medicare as part of a supplemental benefit. Finally, this bill would also include a provision from Congress Members DANNY DAVIS and R OTHFUS that would provide grants to federally qualified centers and rural health clinics to help offset the cost of training providers to become certified in dispensing medica-tions for opioid abuse dependence. While the provisions in the bills be-fore us this afternoon will certainly move us in the right direction, we can-not stop here. For example, the Med-icaid program pays for the majority of mental health and substance abuse treatments in this country and, yet, we see multiple attempts by Republicans over the past 4 years to slash this pro-gram. We must maintain protections for those with preexisting conditions so that those who sought treatment for their addiction disorders are not pun-ished for trying to get sober. We must maintain the progress we have made with the Affordable Care Act and work together to bring down the premiums for American families so that, should they need coverage for mental health counseling or substance abuse treatment, no one is shut out be-cause of how much money they make or what State they live in. So I hope that today represents the first step, and I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will continue to work with us to invest in preven-tion, treatment, and recovery efforts all across the country. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, hav-ing no other speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am encouraged to see my colleagues on the other side of the aisle turn their attention to this crit-ical issue. But this is not a new prob-lem, and the coverage expansions under the Affordable Care Act have been among the most significant steps the Federal Government has taken to stem the tide of the opioid crisis. And yet, Republicans in Congress and President Trump have actively worked to repeal this landmark law. The Medicaid expansion and the in-creased coverage under the individual market have provided millions of Americans access to health insurance, and research has shown that Medicaid expansion States have seen a greater reduction in deaths from opioids than nonexpansion States. Again, Medicaid is the biggest payer for substance use disorder treatment in this country. We simply can’t afford to go back. As we discuss this crisis today and in the week to come, we must broaden our understanding of the ways in which we, as a Nation, approach chronic pain. That is exactly what H.R. 6110 does. While there will always be patients who have a legitimate need for these medications, we need to look beyond a system where an opioid prescription is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.019 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5254 June 19, 2018 
the automatic default. This means we need to look to alternative methods of treating pain, whether it be acupunc-ture or physical therapy or a medical device. It means we must examine ex-isting policies that may have inadvert-ently incentivized opioid prescribing practices. But as much as we look forward, we must also address the crisis in front of us. So I am thrilled to see provisions in this bill that would study Medicare Ad-vantage plans already doing ground-breaking work in substance abuse dis-order treatment. I am also glad to see that this bill provides direct resources to the front lines in the form of grants for federally qualified health centers to provide ad-ditional training for our providers. I hope that, in the future, we will work to expand access to alternatives, both within the Medicare program and in the broader population, and ensure that no matter where someone lives or what kind of insurance coverage they have, they are able to seek treatment. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6110, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this epidemic knows no boundaries. Opioid abuse continues to devastate families and communities all over this country. As we continue to work toward commonsense solutions to the opioid epidemic, this bipartisan legislation will help break down bar-riers to nonopioid treatments and give healthcare providers better tools to prevent addiction and to assist in re-covery. I want to thank Chairman B
RADY for all of his hard work, as well as my friend Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, who helped develop and introduce this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6110. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMBATING OPIOID ABUSE FOR CARE IN HOSPITALS ACT OF 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5774) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to de-velop guidance on pain management and opioid use disorder prevention for hospitals receiving payment under part A of the Medicare program, provide for opioid quality measures development, and provide for a technical expert panel on reducing surgical setting opioid use and data collection on perioperative opioid use, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5774 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Combating Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘COACH Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEVELOPING GUIDANCE ON PAIN MAN-AGEMENT AND OPIOID USE DIS-ORDER PREVENTION FOR HOS-PITALS RECEIVING PAYMENT UNDER PART A OF THE MEDICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall develop and publish on the public website of the Centers for Medi-care & Medicaid Services guidance for hos-pitals receiving payment under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395c et seq.) on pain management strategies and opioid use disorder prevention strategies with respect to individuals enti-tled to benefits under such part. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the guid-ance described in subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall consult with relevant stake-holders, including— (1) medical professional organizations; (2) providers and suppliers of services (as such terms are defined in section 1861 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x)); (3) health care consumers or groups rep-resenting such consumers; and (4) other entities determined appropriate by the Secretary. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance described in subsection (a) shall include, with respect to hospitals and individuals described in such subsection, the following: (1) Best practices regarding evidence-based screening and practitioner education initia-tives relating to screening and treatment protocols for opioid use disorder, including— (A) methods to identify such individuals at-risk of opioid use disorder, including risk stratification; (B) ways to prevent, recognize, and treat opioid overdoses; and (C) resources available to such individuals, such as opioid treatment programs, peer sup-port groups, and other recovery programs. (2) Best practices for such hospitals to edu-cate practitioners furnishing items and serv-ices at such hospital with respect to pain management and substance use disorders, in-cluding education on— (A) the adverse effects of prolonged opioid use; (B) non-opioid, evidence-based, non-phar-macological pain management treatments; (C) monitoring programs for individuals who have been prescribed opioids; and (D) the prescribing of naloxone along with an initial opioid prescription. (3) Best practices for such hospitals to make such individuals aware of the risks as-sociated with opioid use (which may include use of the notification template described in paragraph (4)). (4) A notification template developed by the Secretary, for use as appropriate, for such individuals who are prescribed an opioid that— (A) explains the risks and side effects asso-ciated with opioid use (including the risks of addiction and overdose) and the importance of adhering to the prescribed treatment regi-men, avoiding medications that may have an adverse interaction with such opioid, and storing such opioid safely and securely; (B) highlights multimodal and evidence- based non-opioid alternatives for pain man-agement; (C) encourages such individuals to talk to their health care providers about such alter-natives; (D) provides for a method (through signa-ture or otherwise) for such an individual, or person acting on such individual’s behalf, to acknowledge receipt of such notification template; (E) is worded in an easily understandable manner and made available in multiple lan-guages determined appropriate by the Sec-retary; and (F) includes any other information deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary. (5) Best practices for such hospital to track opioid prescribing trends by practitioners furnishing items and services at such hos-pital, including— (A) ways for such hospital to establish tar-get levels, taking into account the special-ties of such practitioners and the geographic area in which such hospital is located, with respect to opioids prescribed by such practi-tioners; (B) guidance on checking the medical records of such individuals against informa-tion included in prescription drug moni-toring programs; (C) strategies to reduce long-term opioid prescriptions; and (D) methods to identify such practitioners who may be over-prescribing opioids. (6) Other information the Secretary deter-mines appropriate, including any such infor-mation from the Opioid Safety Initiative es-tablished by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs or the Opioid Overdose Prevention Toolkit published by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. SEC. 3. REQUIRING THE REVIEW OF QUALITY MEASURES RELATING TO OPIOIDS AND OPIOID USE DISORDER TREAT-MENTS FURNISHED UNDER THE MEDICARE PROGRAM AND OTHER FEDERAL HEALTH CARE PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1890A of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa–1) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) T
ECHNICAL EXPERT PANEL REVIEW OF  O
PIOID AND OPIOID USEDISORDER QUALITY  M
EASURES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish a tech-nical expert panel for purposes of reviewing quality measures relating to opioids and opioid use disorders, including care, preven-tion, diagnosis, health outcomes, and treat-ment furnished to individuals with opioid use disorders. The Secretary may use the en-tity with a contract under section 1890(a) and amend such contract as necessary to provide for the establishment of such tech-nical expert panel. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW AND ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date the technical ex-pert panel described in paragraph (1) is es-tablished (and periodically thereafter as the Secretary determines appropriate), the tech-nical expert panel shall— ‘‘(A) review quality measures that relate to opioids and opioid use disorders, including existing measures and those under develop-ment; ‘‘(B) identify gaps in areas of quality meas-urement that relate to opioids and opioid use disorders, and identify measure development priorities for such measure gaps; and ‘‘(C) make recommendations to the Sec-retary on quality measures with respect to opioids and opioid use disorders for purposes of improving care, prevention, diagnosis, health outcomes, and treatment, including recommendations for revisions of such meas-ures, need for development of new measures, and recommendations for including such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.040 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5255 June 19, 2018 
measures in the Merit-Based Incentive Pay-ment System under section 1848(q), the alter-native payment models under section 1833(z)(3)(C), the shared savings program under section 1899, the quality reporting re-quirements for inpatient hospitals under sec-tion 1886(b)(3)(B)(viii), and the hospital value-based purchasing program under sec-tion 1886(o). ‘‘(3) C
ONSIDERATION OF MEASURES BY SEC -
RETARY .—The Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) using opioid and opioid use disorder measures (including measures used under the Merit-Based Incentive Payment System under section 1848(q), measures rec-ommended under paragraph (2)(C), and other such measures identified by the Secretary) in alternative payment models under section 1833(z)(3)(C) and in the shared savings pro-gram under section 1899; and ‘‘(B) using opioid measures described in subparagraph (A), as applicable, in the qual-ity reporting requirements for inpatient hos-pitals under section 1886(b)(3)(B)(viii),and in the hospital value-based purchasing program under section 1886(o). ‘‘(4) P
RIORITIZATION OF MEASURE DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Secretary shall prioritize for measure development the gaps in quality measures identified under paragraph (2)(B).’’. (b) E
XPEDITED ENDORSEMENT PROCESS FOR  O
PIOID MEASURES .—Section 1890(b)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new flush sentence: ‘‘Such endorsement process shall, as deter-mined practicable by the entity, provide for an expedited process with respect to the en-dorsement of such measures relating to opioids and opioid use disorders.’’. 
SEC. 4. TECHNICAL EXPERT PANEL ON REDUC-ING SURGICAL SETTING OPIOID USE; DATA COLLECTION ON PERIOPERATIVE OPIOID USE. 
(a) T ECHNICAL EXPERT PANEL ON REDUCING  S
URGICAL SETTING OPIOID USE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall convene a technical expert panel, in-cluding medical and surgical specialty soci-eties and hospital organizations, to provide recommendations on reducing opioid use in the inpatient and outpatient surgical set-tings and on best practices for pain manage-ment, including with respect to the fol-lowing: (A) Approaches that limit patient exposure to opioids during the perioperative period, including pre-surgical and post-surgical in-jections, and that identify such patients at risk of opioid use disorder pre-operation. (B) Shared decision making with patients and families on pain management, including recommendations for the development of an evaluation and management code for pur-poses of payment under the Medicare pro-gram under title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act that would account for time spent on shared decision making. (C) Education on the safe use, storage, and disposal of opioids. (D) Prevention of opioid misuse and abuse after discharge. (E) Development of a clinical algorithm to identify and treat at-risk, opiate-tolerant patients and reduce reliance on opioids for acute pain during the perioperative period. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make public a report containing the rec-ommendations developed under paragraph (1) and an action plan for broader implementa-tion of pain management protocols that limit the use of opioids in the perioperative setting and upon discharge from such set-ting. (b) DATA COLLECTION ON PERIOPERATIVE  O
PIOID USE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report that contains the following: (1) The diagnosis-related group codes iden-tified by the Secretary as having the highest volume of surgeries. (2) With respect to each of such diagnosis- related group codes so identified, a deter-mination by the Secretary of the data that is both available and reported on opioid use fol-lowing such surgeries, such as with respect to— (A) surgical volumes, practices, and opioid prescribing patterns; (B) opioid consumption, including— (i) perioperative days of therapy; (ii) average daily dose at the hospital, in-cluding dosage greater than 90 milligram morphine equivalent; (iii) post-discharge prescriptions and other combination drugs that are used before intervention and after intervention; (iv) quantity and duration of opioid pre-scription at discharge; and (v) quantity consumed and number of re-fills; (C) regional anesthesia and analgesia prac-tices, including pre-surgical and post-sur-gical injections; (D) naloxone reversal; (E) post-operative respiratory failure; (F) information about storage and disposal; and (G) such other information as the Sec-retary may specify. (3) Recommendations for improving data collection on perioperative opioid use, in-cluding an analysis to identify and reduce barriers to collecting, reporting, and ana-lyzing the data described in paragraph (2), including barriers related to technological availability. 
SEC. 5. REQUIRING THE POSTING AND PERIODIC UPDATE OF OPIOID PRESCRIBING GUIDANCE FOR MEDICARE BENE-FICIARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall post on the public website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices all guidance published by the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services on or after January 1, 2016, relating to the pre-scribing of opioids and applicable to opioid prescriptions for individuals entitled to ben-efits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395c et seq.) or en-rolled under part B of such title of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.). (b) U
PDATE OF GUIDANCE .— (1) P
ERIODIC UPDATE .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with the entities specified in paragraph (2), periodically (as determined appropriate by the Secretary) update guid-ance described in subsection (a) and revise the posting of such guidance on the website described in such subsection. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The entities specified in this paragraph are the following: (A) Medical professional organizations. (B) Providers and suppliers of services (as such terms are defined in section 1861 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x)). (C) Health care consumers or groups rep-resenting such consumers. (D) Other entities determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY C
HU) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Indiana. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5744, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5774, the Combating Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals Act of 2018, or COACH Act. We have learned that, across the continuum of care, screening for opioid abuse disorder and education for patients and providers is necessary to help eradicate this epi-demic. This legislation includes efforts to develop quality measures related to the treatment of individuals with opioid use disorder, to improve and publicize guidance on opioid prescribing, and to develop expert recommendations on re-ducing the use of opioids in the sur-gical setting. These provisions, cham-pioned by Representatives P
AULSEN , D
ANNY DAVIS, H IGGINS , B UCHANAN , L
AMB, and J ASON SMITH, will help im-prove education for providers and pa-tients to better ensure prevention and care of individuals with opioid use dis-order. The COACH Act also includes H.R. 5699, the Hospital Opioid Solutions Toolkit, which Representative C
URBELO introduced with Congress-woman K
USTER . The toolkit, to be made available by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, in consultation with relevant stakeholders, will contain resources that hospitals can use to ensure the best practices are being utilized for educating patients and providers about treatment for pain management, in-cluding the development of a notifica-tion template for hospital staff to bet-ter inform patients prescribed opioids of potential risks. I am thankful for all the hard work on this legislation by Members of both sides of the aisle, especially Represent-atives C
URBELO , DELBENE, BUDD, and K
USTER . I would also like to thank Chairman B
RADY for his leadership, as well as the House Committee on Ways and Means’ staff for their efforts. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5774, the Combating Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals Act of 2018. This is an issue that affects every congressional district. It is imperative that we find solutions that get people into treat-ment and prevent opioid abuse on the front end. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.023 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5256 June 19, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you re-garding several opioid bills the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably re-ported to address the opioid epidemic. The following bills were also referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may proceed ex-peditiously to the House Floor: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of the bills, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding the following bills, which were also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on these bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I appreciate your acknowledgment that by forgoing formal consideration of these bills, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within its Rule X juris-diction. I also appreciate your offer to sup-port the Committee’s request for the ap-pointment of conferees in the event of a House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. Thank you for your assistance on this mat-ter. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I offer my support for H.R. 5774, the COACH Act, which was introduced by Congress Members D
ELBENEand C URBELO . This bill focuses specifically on pro-vider education and would require the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to develop a toolkit that pro-vides best practices to hospitals for re-ducing opioid use. Every year, approximately 51 million Americans undergo inpatient surgery each year, and 80 percent of those pa-tients receive opioids to treat post-surgical pain after a low-risk surgery. This is an alarming number, as studies have found that an opioid prescription at discharge is an independent risk fac-tor for chronic opioid use. In fact, ac-cording to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, approximately 10 percent of patients who are prescribed opioids for long-term use develop an opioid use disorder. This was the case with my con-stituent Ryan Hampton, who was a promising young college student when he broke his knee in a hiking accident and received an opioid prescription at discharge. Ryan fell hard into addic-tion, eventually turning to heroin and becoming homeless. While Ryan has beaten the odds and is now a national advocate for those in recovery from addiction, many are not so lucky. So it is with people like Ryan in mind that I support this bill today. We should be giving our providers every tool possible to help them battle the opioid crisis and, hopefully, change behavior in such a way as to limit un-necessary opioid prescriptions. In my district, the Los Angeles Coun-ty Department of Public Health, Sub-stance Abuse Prevention and Control program has worked with hospitals, plans, cities and providers to develop a 5-year strategic plan to address the opioid crisis in our country. We know that not every hospital has the resources or ability to develop such a plan. By providing a centralized tool-kit available to all hospitals, under- resourced providers will have the best access to best practices that have helped communities combat the opioid epidemic. With so many individuals first expe-riencing opioids via a hospital proce-dure, it is critical that we give our pro-viders every resource they need to make the best medical decisions for their patients while reducing the num-ber of opioid prescriptions overall. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1600 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to re-mind my colleagues why it is so impor-tant that we continue working to solve this crisis. Thousands of lives have already been lost because of opioid-related drug overdoses. Tragically, Indiana has been hit especially hard by this crisis. This is a public health emergency, and our response must be comprehensive and swift. I am proud of the COACH Act, bipar-tisan legislation that would help pre-vent opioid misuse and reduced depend-ence on opioids for pain management. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5774, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING RELIABLE OPTIONS FOR PATIENTS AND EDU-CATIONAL RESOURCES ACT OF 2018 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5775) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire Medicare Advantage plans and part D prescription drug plans to in-clude information on the risks associ-ated with opioids, coverage of certain nonopioid treatments used to treat pain, and on the safe disposal of pre-scription drugs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5775 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Providing Reli-able Options for Patients and Educational Re-sources Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘PROPER Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIRING MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PLANS AND PART D PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS TO INCLUDE INFORMA-TION ON RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OPIOIDS AND COVERAGE OF NON-PHARMACOLOGICAL THERAPIES AND NONOPIOID MEDICATIONS OR DE-VICES USED TO TREAT PAIN. 
Section 1860D–4(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, sub-ject to subparagraph (C),’’ before ‘‘including’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vi) For plan year 2021 and each subsequent plan year, subject to subparagraph (C), with re-spect to the treatment of pain— ‘‘(I) the risks associated with prolonged opioid use; and ‘‘(II) coverage of nonpharmacological thera-pies, devices, and nonopioid medications— ‘‘(aa) in the case of an MA-PD plan under part C, under such plan; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.040 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5257 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(bb) in the case of a prescription drug plan, under such plan and under parts A and B.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) T
ARGETED PROVISION OF INFORMATION .— A PDP sponsor of a prescription drug plan may, in lieu of disclosing the information described in subparagraph (B)(vi) to each enrollee under the plan, disclose such information through mail or electronic communications to a subset of enroll-ees under the plan, such as enrollees who have been prescribed an opioid in the previous two- year period.’’. 
SEC. 3. REQUIRING MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PLANS AND PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON THE SAFE DISPOSAL OF PRE-SCRIPTION DRUGS. 
(a) M EDICARE ADVANTAGE .—Section 1852 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–22) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION RELATING TO  
THESAFEDISPOSAL OF CERTAIN PRESCRIPTION  D
RUGS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an individual enrolled under an MA or MA-PD plan who is furnished an in-home health risk assessment on or after January 1, 2021, such plan shall ensure that such assessment includes information on the safe disposal of prescription drugs that are controlled substances that meets the criteria es-tablished under paragraph (2). Such informa-tion shall include information on drug takeback programs that meet such requirements deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary and infor-mation on in-home disposal. ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall, through rulemaking, establish criteria the Secretary de-termines appropriate with respect to information provided to an individual to ensure that such information sufficiently educates such indi-vidual on the safe disposal of prescription drugs that are controlled substances.’’. (b) P
RESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS.—Section 1860D–4(c)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘may include elements that promote’’; (2) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (I) through (III) and adjusting the margins accordingly; (3) by inserting before subclause (I), as so re-designated, the following new clause: ‘‘(i) may include elements that promote—’’; (4) in subclause (III), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2021, shall provide for— ‘‘(I) the provision of information to the en-rollee on the safe disposal of prescription drugs that are controlled substances that meets the criteria established under section 1852(n)(2), in-cluding information on drug takeback programs that meet such requirements determined appro-priate by the Secretary and information on in- home disposal; and ‘‘(II) cost-effective means by which an en-rollee may so safely dispose of such drugs.’’. 
SEC. 4. REVISING MEASURES USED UNDER THE HOSPITAL CONSUMER ASSESSMENT OF HEALTHCARE PROVIDERS AND SYSTEMS SURVEY RELATING TO PAIN MANAGEMENT. 
(a) R ESTRICTION ON THE USE OF PAINQUES-
TIONS IN HCAHPS.—Section 1886(b)(3)(B)(viii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(b)(3)(B)(viii)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(XII)(aa) With respect to a Hospital Con-sumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems survey (or a successor survey) con-ducted on or after January 1, 2019, such survey may not include questions about communication by hospital staff with an individual about such individual’s pain unless such questions take into account, as applicable, whether an indi-vidual experiencing pain was informed about risks associated with the use of opioids and about non-opioid alternatives for the treatment of pain. ‘‘(bb) The Secretary shall not include on the Hospital Compare Internet website any meas-ures based on the questions appearing on the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems survey in 2018 about communication by hospital staff with an indi-vidual about such individual’s pain.’’. (b) RESTRICTION ON USE OF 2018 P AINQUES-
TIONS IN THE HOSPITAL VALUE-BASED PUR-
CHASING PROGRAM .—Section 1886(o)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(o)(2)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) HCAHPS 
PAIN QUESTIONS .—The Sec- retary may not include under subparagraph (A) a measure that is based on the questions ap-pearing on the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems survey in 2018 about communication by hospital staff with an individual about the individual’s pain.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 5775, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in strong support of H.R. 5775, the Providing Re-liable Options for Patients and Edu-cational Resources Act, or the PROP-ER Act. This is a bipartisan bill centered on increasing educational resources for Medicare beneficiaries and improving pain-related questions contained in pa-tient satisfaction surveys. H.R. 5775, introduced by my col-leagues E
RIK PAULSEN , R ONKIND, B
RIAN FITZPATRICK , BRUCE POLIQUIN , and C
ONOR LAMB, contain several bills to combat the opioid crisis, including H.R. 5686, the Medicare CHOICE Act; H.R. 5714, the Education for Disposal of Unused Opioids Act; and H.R. 5719, the Reduce Overprescribing Opioids in Treatment, or ROOT Act. Unfortunately, my home State of Florida has seen a dramatic increase in opioid-related overdose deaths in the past several years. Every year, thou-sands of Floridians become addicted and lose their lives to opioid addiction. Effective alternatives to opioids, such as physical therapy and medical devices exist, and in most instances are covered by Medicare. However, many seniors and providers simply aren’t aware of the coverage op-tions. Education is a key tool for sen-iors to make informed decisions about their healthcare. For this reason, the Ways and Means Committee sprang into action and passed H.R. 5775 unanimously. This bill contains provisions authored by my colleagues ERIKPAULSEN and R ONKIND to inform seniors about alternative nonaddictive pain management thera-pies covered by Medicare. This bill also includes a provision led by my colleagues D
IANE BLACK , JOE C
ROWLEY , RICHARD HUDSON , and R AUL R
UIZto educate seniors on safe disposal of unused controlled substances. Lastly, this bill includes another pro-vision led by D
IANE BLACK and T OM O’H
ALLERAN requiring the Secretary of Health and Human Services to remove all pain-related questions contained in Medicare’s hospital patient surveys un-less the individual experiencing the pain is also informed about the risks associated with the use of opioids and given information on nonopioid alter-natives for the treatment of pain. Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for their strong bipartisan work. This bill will make a difference in addressing the opioid epidemic that continues to devastate many Ameri-cans and their families. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you re-garding several opioid bills the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably re-ported to address the opioid epidemic. The following bills were also referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may proceed ex-peditiously to the House Floor: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of the bills, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.025 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5258 June 19, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding the following bills, which were also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on these bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I appreciate your acknowledgment that by forgoing formal consideration of these bills, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within its Rule X juris-diction. I also appreciate your offer to sup-port the Committee’s request for the ap-pointment of conferees in the event of a House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. Thank you for your assistance on this mat-ter. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I offer my support of H.R. 5775, the PROPER Act. This bill, introduced by my colleagues Rep-resentatives P
AULSEN and K IND, would require Medicare Advantage and Medi-care part D plans to provide informa-tion to beneficiaries on the risks asso-ciated with prolonged opioid use, as well as coverage information about al-ternatives, like nonpharmacological therapies, devices, and nonopioid medi-cations. It is important to ensure that our providers in hospitals and outpatient settings have up-to-date and accurate information about opioid use. But it is equally critical that this information is provided to beneficiaries. Additionally, providing information on coverage of alternative therapies could help beneficiaries who may want to try a nonopioid pain management therapy to do so, thus avoiding a pre-scription where it may not be nec-essary. This bill also requires that by Janu-ary 1, 2019, all pain-related questions be removed from the hospital consumer assessment of healthcare providers and systems survey, with some exceptions. If hospitals are graded on how much pain patients are feeling, they likely would seek to minimize the patient’s pain through pain management drugs like opioids. In order to properly address this cri-sis in the Medicare program, we must ensure that beneficiaries have the in-formation necessary to make informed decisions about their pain management plan. Madam Speaker, just as we are work-ing to improve provider education, we must not leave our Medicare bene-ficiaries behind. I support this bill because it would ensure that Medicare Advantage and Medicare part D plans provide their beneficiaries with information on the risks of prolonged opioid use, as well as information about coverage for alter-natives for pain management. Earlier in this debate, I mentioned a woman who testified that although she was experiencing severe back pain, she did not want to risk taking addictive pain medication and instead turned to acupuncture. It worked for her, and she told me that because of her acupunc-ture treatment, she was able to live pain free. Now, this is not to say that every al-ternative will work for every patient, but we should give patients the ability to choose their own pain management therapy. I believe H.R. 5775 is an impor-tant step toward this goal. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, the PROPER Act will bring much needed education to our seniors. This bill was brought through the committee process in a bipartisan fash-ion, and now on the floor I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of H.R. 5775, the PROPER Act. This is another example of how Re-publicans and Democrats can come to-gether, can work together, to help struggling families in our country, and in this case seniors, who should be aware of all the different options that are available to them for pain treat-ment and should certainly be aware of the many risks associated with opioid use. Madam Speaker, I am grateful to all my colleagues and to committee staff for all their work on this legislation, and I strongly encourage everyone to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. T
ENNEY ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5775, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PREVENTING ADDICTION FOR SUS-CEPTIBLE SENIORS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5773) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require Medicare prescription drug plans to es-tablish drug management programs for at-risk beneficiaries, require electronic prior authorization for covered part D drugs, and to provide for other program integrity measures under parts C and D of the Medicare program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5773 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Addiction for Susceptible Seniors Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘PASS Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ELECTRONIC PRIOR AUTHORIZATION FOR COVERED PART D DRUGS. 
(a) I NCLUSION IN ELECTRONIC PRESCRIPTION  P
ROGRAM .—Section 1860D–4(e)(2) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(e)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) E
LECTRONIC PRIOR AUTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the program shall provide for the secure electronic transmission of— ‘‘(I) a prior authorization request from the prescribing health care professional for cov-erage of a covered part D drug for a part D eligible individual enrolled in a part D plan (as defined in section 1860D–23(a)(5)) to the PDP sponsor or Medicare Advantage organi-zation offering such plan; and ‘‘(II) a response, in accordance with this subparagraph, from such PDP sponsor or Medicare Advantage organization, respec-tively, to such professional. ‘‘(ii) E
LECTRONIC TRANSMISSION .— ‘‘(I) E
XCLUSIONS .—For purposes of this sub-paragraph, a facsimile, a proprietary payer portal that does not meet standards specified by the Secretary, or an electronic form shall not be treated as an electronic transmission described in clause (i). ‘‘(II) S
TANDARDS .—In order to be treated, for purposes of this subparagraph, as an elec-tronic transmission described in clause (i), such transmission shall comply with tech-nical standards adopted by the Secretary in consultation with the National Council for Prescription Drug Programs, other standard setting organizations determined appro-priate by the Secretary, and stakeholders in-cluding PDP sponsors, Medicare Advantage organizations, health care professionals, and health information technology software ven-dors. ‘‘(III) A
PPLICATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for purposes of this subparagraph, the Secretary may require the use of such standards adopted under sub-clause (II) in lieu of any other applicable standards for an electronic transmission de-scribed in clause (i) for a covered part D drug for a part D eligible individual.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING ELEC-
TRONIC PRIOR AUTHORIZATION .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) there should be increased use of elec-tronic prior authorizations for coverage of covered part D drugs for part D eligible indi-viduals enrolled in prescription drug plans under part D of title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act and MA–PD plans under part C of such title to reduce access delays by resolv-ing coverage issues before prescriptions for such drugs are transmitted; and (2) greater priority should be placed on in-creasing the adoption of use of such elec-tronic prior authorizations among pre-scribers of such drugs, pharmacies, PDP sponsors, and Medicare Advantage organiza-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.029 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5259 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 3. PROGRAM INTEGRITY TRANSPARENCY MEASURES UNDER MEDICARE PARTS C AND D. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1859 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(i) P
ROGRAM INTEGRITY TRANSPARENCY  M
EASURES .— ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM INTEGRITY PORTAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall, after consulta-tion with stakeholders, establish a secure Internet website portal (or other successor technology) that would allow a secure path for communication between the Secretary, MA plans under this part, prescription drug plans under part D, and an eligible entity with a contract under section 1893 (such as a Medicare drug integrity contractor or an en-tity responsible for carrying out program in-tegrity activities under this part and part D) for the purpose of enabling through such por-tal (or other successor technology)— ‘‘(i) the referral by such plans of substan-tiated fraud, waste, and abuse for initiating or assisting investigations conducted by the eligible entity; and ‘‘(ii) data sharing among such MA plans, prescription drug plans, and the Secretary. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED USES OF PORTAL .—The Sec- retary shall disseminate the following infor-mation to MA plans under this part and pre-scription drug plans under part D through the secure Internet website portal (or other successor technology) established under sub-paragraph (A): ‘‘(i) Providers of services and suppliers that have been referred pursuant to subpara-graph (A)(i) during the previous 12-month pe-riod. ‘‘(ii) Providers of services and suppliers who are the subject of an active exclusion under section 1128 or who are subject to a suspension of payment under this title pur-suant to section 1862(o) or otherwise. ‘‘(iii) Providers of services and suppliers who are the subject of an active revocation of participation under this title, including for not satisfying conditions of participa-tion. ‘‘(iv) In the case of such a plan that makes a referral under subparagraph (A)(i) through the portal (or other successor technology) with respect to activities of substantiated fraud, waste, or abuse of a provider of serv-ices or supplier, if such provider or supplier has been the subject of an administrative ac-tion under this title or title XI with respect to similar activities, a notification to such plan of such action so taken. ‘‘(C) R
ULEMAKING .—For purposes of this paragraph, the Secretary shall, through rule-making, specify what constitutes substan-tiated fraud, waste, and abuse, using guid-ance such as what is provided in the Medi-care Program Integrity Manual 4.7.1. In car-rying out this subsection, a fraud hotline tip (as defined by the Secretary) without further evidence shall not be treated as sufficient evidence for substantiated fraud, waste, or abuse ‘‘(D) HIPAA 
COMPLIANT INFORMATION  
ONLY .—For purposes of this subsection, com-munications may only occur if the commu-nications are permitted under the Federal regulations (concerning the privacy of indi-vidually identifiable health information) promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996. ‘‘(2) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Beginning two years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall make available to MA plans under this part and prescription drug plans under part D in a timely manner (but no less frequently than quarterly) and using information submitted to an entity de-scribed in paragraph (1) through the portal (or other successor technology) described in such paragraph or pursuant to section 1893, information on fraud, waste, and abuse schemes and trends in identifying suspicious activity. Information included in each such report shall— ‘‘(A) include administrative actions, perti-nent information related to opioid overpre-scribing, and other data determined appro-priate by the Secretary in consultation with stakeholders; and ‘‘(B) be anonymized information submitted by plans without identifying the source of such information. ‘‘(3) CLARIFICATION .—Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed as precluding or otherwise affecting referrals described in subparagraph (A) that may otherwise be made to law enforcement entities or to the Secretary.’’. (b) C
ONTRACT REQUIREMENT TO COMMU -
NICATE PLAN CORRECTIVE ACTIONS AGAINST  O
PIOID OVER-PRESCRIBERS .—Section 1857(e) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 27(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) C
OMMUNICATING PLAN CORRECTIVE AC -
TIONS AGAINST OPIOIDS OVER -PRESCRIBERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2021, a contract under this section with an MA or-ganization shall require the organization to submit to the Secretary, through the process established under subparagraph (B), informa-tion on the investigations and other actions taken by such plans related to providers of services who prescribe a high volume of opioids. ‘‘(B) P
ROCESS .—Not later than January 1, 2021, the Secretary shall, in consultation with stakeholders, establish a process under which MA plans and prescription drug plans shall submit to the Secretary information described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph, including as applied under sec-tion 1860D–12(b)(3)(D), the Secretary shall, pursuant to rulemaking— ‘‘(i) specify a definition for the term ‘high volume of opioids’ and a method for deter-mining if a provider of services prescribes such a high volume; and ‘‘(ii) establish the process described in sub-paragraph (B) and the types of information that shall be submitted through such proc-ess.’’. (c) R
EFERENCE UNDER PARTD TOPROGRAM  I
NTEGRITY TRANSPARENCY MEASURES .—Sec- tion 1860D–4 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) P
ROGRAM INTEGRITY TRANSPARENCY  M
EASURES .—For program integrity trans-parency measures applied with respect to prescription drug plan and MA plans, see sec-tion 1859(i).’’. 
SEC. 4. EXPANDING ELIGIBILITY FOR MEDICA-TION THERAPY MANAGEMENT PRO-GRAMS UNDER PART D. 
Section 1860D–4(c)(2)(A)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)(2)(A)(ii)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subclauses (I) through (III) as items (aa) through (cc), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (2) by striking ‘‘are part D eligible individ-uals who—’’ and inserting ‘‘are the following: ‘‘(I) Part D eligible individuals who—’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(II) Beginning January 1, 2021, at-risk beneficiaries for prescription drug abuse (as defined in paragraph (5)(C)).’’. 
SEC. 5. MEDICARE NOTIFICATIONS TO OUTLIER PRESCRIBERS OF OPIOIDS. 
Section 1860D–4(c)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) OUTLIER PRESCRIBER NOTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) N
OTIFICATION .—Beginning not later than two years after the date of the enact-ment of this subparagraph, the Secretary shall, in the case of a prescriber identified by the Secretary under clause (ii) to be an outlier prescriber of opioids, provide, subject to clause (iv), an annual notification to such prescriber that such prescriber has been so identified and that includes resources on proper prescribing methods and other infor-mation specified in accordance with clause (iii). ‘‘(ii) I
DENTIFICATION OF OUTLIER PRE -
SCRIBERS OF OPIOIDS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, sub-ject to subclause (III), using the valid pre-scriber National Provider Identifiers in-cluded pursuant to subparagraph (A) on claims for covered part D drugs for part D el-igible individuals enrolled in prescription drug plans under this part or MA–PD plans under part C and based on the threshold es-tablished under subclause (II), conduct an analysis to identify prescribers that are outlier opioid prescribers for a period speci-fied by the Secretary. ‘‘(II) E
STABLISHMENT OF THRESHOLD .—For purposes of subclause (I) and subject to sub-clause (III), the Secretary shall, after con-sultation with stakeholders, establish a threshold, based on prescriber specialty and geographic area, for identifying whether a prescriber in a specialty and geographic area is an outlier prescriber of opioids as com-pared to other prescribers of opioids within such specialty and area. ‘‘(III) E
XCLUSIONS .—The Secretary may ex-clude the following individuals and pre-scribers from the analysis under this clause: ‘‘(aa) Individuals receiving hospice serv-ices. ‘‘(bb) Individuals with a cancer diagnosis. ‘‘(cc) Prescribers who are the subject of an investigation by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services or the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(iii) C
ONTENTS OF NOTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary shall, based on input from stake-holders, specify the resources and other in-formation to be included in notifications provided under clause (i). ‘‘(iv) M
ODIFICATIONS AND EXPANSIONS .— ‘‘(I) F
REQUENCY .—Beginning 5 years after the date of the enactment of this subpara-graph, the Secretary may change the fre-quency of the notifications described in clause (i) based on stakeholder input. ‘‘(II) E
XPANSION TO OTHER PRESCRIPTIONS .— The Secretary may expand notifications under this subparagraph to include identi-fications and notifications with respect to concurrent prescriptions of covered Part D drugs used in combination with opioids that are considered to have adverse side effects when so used in such combination, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(v) O
PIOIDS DEFINED .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘opioids’ has such meaning as specified by the Secretary through program instruction or otherwise.’’. 
SEC. 6. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.030 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5260 June 19, 2018 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5773, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.R. 5773, a bipartisan bill centered on curbing opioid overuse by increasing program integrity efforts and increasing resources for bene-ficiaries to help ensure that they are properly adhering to their prescribed pain medications. My home State of Illinois is experi-encing a notable increase in opioid-re-lated overdose deaths. According to the Illinois Department of Public Health, there has been a 44.3 percent increase in drug overdoses from 2013 to 2016. This staggering statistic is not limited to my district alone. This crisis has af-fected all of our districts, and for some, the four walls of our own homes. For this reason, Congress is taking action today to continue our work to deliver solutions to the opioid epidemic that is plaguing far too many Amer-ican families. H.R. 5773, which I have introduced with my colleagues Representatives K
NIGHT , SEWELL , and S INEMA , packages several previously introduced bills. Specifically, H.R. 5773 includes poli-cies under my bill H.R. 5716, the Com-mit to Opioid Medical Prescriber Ac-countability and Safety for Seniors Act, otherwise known as the COMPASS Act, introduced with Representative L
ARSON , that ensures prescribers are notified of their opioid prescribing pat-terns to help educate them on proper prescribing. Second, the bill includes H.R. 4841, the Standardizing Electronic Prior Au-thorization for Safe Prescribing Act, led by Representatives S
CHWEIKERT and M
IKETHOMPSON , to standardize elec-tronic prior authorization to reduce physician burden and ensure medically necessary access to drugs, like opioids, that have dangerous side effects and high risk of abuse. And third, this bill contains policies from H.R. 5715, the Strengthening Part-nerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act, led by Representatives R
ENACCI and S E-
WELL that will establish a portal to better facilitate communication be-tween plan sponsors and the Medicare program to prevent opioid overuse and overprescribing. And finally, the bill contains policies from H.R. 5684, the Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act, championed by my colleagues Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsyl-vania and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, which expands Medication Therapy Management services to those who are at risk of opioid overuse. Madam Speaker, I look forward to working with my colleagues to advance policies like all the bills we have today that will further prevent opioid over-use and overprescribing, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you re-garding several opioid bills the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably re-ported to address the opioid epidemic. The following bills were also referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may proceed ex-peditiously to the House Floor: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addiction for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of the bills, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding the following bills, which were also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addiction for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on these bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I appreciate your acknowledgment that by forgoing formal consideration of these bills, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within its Rule X juris-diction. I also appreciate your offer to sup-port the Committee’s request for the ap-pointment of conferees in the event of a House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. Thank you for your assistance on this mat-ter. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to sup-port H.R. 5773, the PASS Act, intro-duced by Congress Members S
EWELL  and R
OSKAM . This bill focuses on policies to help Medicare plans prevent opioid use in the Medicare program without limiting access to needed medications for our seniors. First, H.R. 5773 requires that Medi-care prescription drug plans establish mandatory lock-in programs for sen-iors who are at risk of opioid overuse. b1615 These programs curb fraud, abuse, and misuse of prescribed medications, while at the same time ensuring that seniors who have legitimate need of these medications can access them. For example, these controls prevent doctor and pharmacy shopping and will prevent duplicative and medically in-appropriate drug therapies that can lead to prescription drug abuse. This bill would also require that any bene-ficiaries who are at risk for opioid overuse be eligible for the benefits pro-vided under the Medication Therapy Management Program. This program helps patients under-stand all of their medications and how they are working together. It allows a pharmacist or other health profes-sional to give beneficiaries a com-prehensive review of all of their medi-cations and talk to them about any interactions, risks, or side effects. This bill would also include a provi-sion introduced by Representatives M
IKETHOMPSON and D AVID SCHWEIKERT  that would streamline the electronic prior authorization system, which is meant to ensure that certain drugs are covered by an insurer before the drug is dispensed. The PASS Act also includes a provi-sion introduced by Representatives S
E-
WELL and R ENACCI which streamlines communications between the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services and Medicare part C and D plans regarding program integrity. Finally, H.R. 5773 would direct the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services to annually notify Medicare part D prescribers who are identified as outlier prescribers com-pared to their colleagues in their spe-cialty and region. This has certain ex-clusions, for example, patients receiv-ing hospice care, but will be used to help prescribers, who may not realize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.050 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5261 June 19, 2018 
that they are an outlier, to reevaluate their practices and make adjustments before any harm is done. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. R
OSKAM so much for his time. Madam Speaker, this opioid epidemic is killing 116 people of all ages every day, and it is horribly impacting west-ern Pennsylvania’s families and com-munities. There isn’t a silver bullet to end the suffering. It is going to take communities working together to treat addiction and find lasting methods of prevention. I am proud of the work that we have done in the people’s House to put for-ward quality, bipartisan solutions to provide better alternatives and treat-ment for all Americans. I want to thank Chairman R
OSKAM  for including my legislation, H.R. 5684, the Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act, into this package. This bipartisan bill with my col-leagues, Mr. T
HOMPSON , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , and Mr. D OYLE , will help at- risk seniors manage their medications and avoid prescription drug abuse. This bill gives seniors who are at risk for prescription abuse access to the Medi-cation Therapy Management Program. This successful program allows seniors to sit down with a pharmacist or other health professional and receive expert advice on how to best manage their prescriptions. I think for most of us, when you go to pick up your prescriptions, often-times you are asked: Do you want us to sit down and go over this with you? Of-tentimes, there is a line behind you. Or they say: You can just check the box here and go ahead and pick up your prescription. That is not the answer to what we are trying to do. With the Medication Therapy Man-agement Program, we actually sit down with the seniors and explain the interaction between some of the drugs that they are taking and some of the drugs that have been prescribed for them. So it is critical that they have access to this information. The Center for Medicare and Med-icaid Services has already confirmed that this approach works. To reduce opioid overuse and to avoid dangerous drug interactions, expanding access to medication therapy management for at-risk beneficiaries will ensure that these serious drugs are used properly before it is too late. This epidemic is devastating our Na-tion’s communities and our families. I hope that we continue to work to-gether as a unified Congress to fight this deadly crisis. I appreciate the chairman’s time, and I urge support of this bill. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Our country is truly facing a crisis when it comes to opioids, and the Medi-care population isn’t immune from this. We must be careful in our ap-proach and ensure that the policies we enact in Congress don’t leave out those who have a legitimate medical need for these medications, like those with can-cer, those in hospice, or those with ge-netic conditions like sickle cell dis-ease. H.R. 5773 is a modest step in the right direction, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with my colleagues on ways to address the opioid crisis within the Medicare program. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I have spent a lot of time, as I know we all have, listening to my own constituency, the west and northwest suburbs of Chicago. I have listened to physicians, police chiefs, educators, caregivers, and others, and I have heard a common theme, and the common theme is: We need legislation that encourages the use of alternative treatments, that increases provider education and assists with detection of those who are at risk. The Preventing Addiction for Susceptible Seniors, PASS Act, will help do this. I would like to thank my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee for working together in a bipartisan effort by recognizing this crisis and coming together in offering this solution. I would also like to thank our colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee for their commitment to work-ing on this, particularly my counter-part who chairs the Health Sub-committee, Dr. B
URGESS , and Chair-man W
ALDEN as well. This bill was brought through the committee process in a bipartisan fash-ion, and now, on the floor, I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of H.R. 5773, the PASS Act, to prevent overuse and overprescribing in the Medicare pro-gram. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5773, which includes a bill I introduced called the Strengthening Partner-ships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act. My home state of Ohio has been at the cen-ter of the opioid epidemic for years. Too many Ohio families have had their lives shattered by this crisis. The most recent statistics show that nearly 5,200 people died from an opioid over-dose in 2017. In my district, multiple counties have seen sharp increases in overdoses and their largest number of annual deaths ever. While Ohio is only the 7th largest state by population, it ranks second in opioid deaths per-capita. Unlike other drug epidemics, the opioid epi-demic is well-known for its prevalence among older populations. This should be no surprise. In fact, one out of every three Medicare bene-ficiaries is prescribed opioids each year, and 500,000 beneficiaries were prescribed amounts that are considered dangerous ac-cording to the CDC. I find it deeply troubling that a program meant to help seniors with their medications may be an avenue to addic-tion for some. My bipartisan bill would create an online in-formation-sharing system through which the Medicare program can partner with Medicare Advantage and Part D drug plans to identify cases in which seniors are being overpre-scribed and providers are engaging in fraud, waste, and abuse. Currently, neither of these parties knows exactly what the others are doing, which hampers each’s ability to ade-quately address the opioid epidemic and issues related to overprescribing and drug di-version. By strengthening the partnerships between these actors and requiring information from plan sponsors on the actions they take against providers who are overprescribing or engaging in fraud and abuse, we will be better poised to prevent addiction among America’s seniors. On behalf of the more than 7,000 Ohioans who have died of prescription opioid overdoses since 2006, and the hundreds of thousands of Medicare beneficiaries being overprescribed today, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 5773 and help us combat this devastating epidemic. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The ques-tion is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5773, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require electronic prior authorization for cov-ered part D drugs and to provide for other program integrity measures under parts C and D of the Medicare program.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STOP EXCESSIVE NARCOTICS IN OUR RETIREMENT COMMUNITIES PROTECTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5676) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to authorize the suspension of payments by Medicare prescription drug plans and MA-PD plans pending investigations of cred-ible allegations of fraud by pharmacies, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5676 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement Communities Pro-tection Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SENIOR Commu-nities Protection Act of 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.052 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5262 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 2. SUSPENSION OF PAYMENTS BY MEDICARE PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS AND MA–PD PLANS PENDING INVESTIGA-TIONS OF CREDIBLE ALLEGATIONS OF FRAUD BY PHARMACIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1860D–12(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–112(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) S
USPENSION OF PAYMENTS PENDING INVES -
TIGATION OF CREDIBLE ALLEGATIONS OF FRAUD  
BY PHARMACIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of section 1862(o) shall apply with respect to a PDP spon-sor with a contract under this part, a phar-macy, and payments to such pharmacy under this part in the same manner as such provisions apply with respect to the Secretary, a provider of services or supplier, and payments to such provider of services or supplier under this title. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as limiting the au-thority of a PDP sponsor to conduct postpayment review.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO MA–PD P LANS.—Section 1857(f)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–27(f)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) S
USPENSION OF PAYMENTS PENDING INVES -
TIGATION OF CREDIBLE ALLEGATIONS OF FRAUD  
BY PHARMACIES .—Section 1860D–12(b)(7).’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1862(o)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(o)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, section 1860D–12(b)(7) (including as applied pursuant to section 1857(f)(3)(D)),’’ after ‘‘this subsection’’. (d) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO CREDIBLE AL-
LEGATION OF FRAUD .—Section 1862(o) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(o)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) C
REDIBLE ALLEGATION OF FRAUD .—In carrying out this subsection, section 1860D– 12(b)(7) (including as applied pursuant to sec-tion 1857(f)(3)(D)), and section 1903(i)(2)(C), a fraud hotline tip (as defined by the Secretary) without further evidence shall not be treated as sufficient evidence for a credible allegation of fraud.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 5676, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in strong support of H.R. 5676, a bipartisan bill centered on protecting Medicare bene-ficiaries from abusive opioid pre-scribing, while ensuring appropriate access to medically necessary medica-tions. This bill strikes a balance, which we need. H.R. 5676, introduced by our col-leagues—Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. C OL-
LINS, Ms. K USTER , and Mr. Tonko—ex-tends an existing authority in the Medicare fee-for-service program to Medicare Advantage and prescription drug plans. According to a recent report released by the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of Inspector General, one-third of Medicare part D beneficiaries received an opioid pre-scription in 2016, costing the program $4.1 billion and representing as many as 79.4 million prescriptions. The re-port found that as many as half a mil-lion part D beneficiaries received high amounts of opioids, with almost 70,000 receiving extreme amounts of opioids, many of them as a result of doctor shopping. For years, the Medicare fee-for-serv-ice program has been able to suspend payments to a provider or a supplier pending an investigation of a credible allegation of fraud against the provider or supplier. Extending this authority to the Medicare Advantage and pre-scription drug plans will help bridge the gap in the care of beneficiaries and halt the fraudulent activity that con-tributes to the opioid crisis. I would like to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle on the Ways and Means Committee for their com-mitment to working cooperatively on this, and also our colleagues on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, par-ticularly Congressman BURGESS , who chairs the Health Subcommittee, and also Chairman W
ALDEN . They played a role in laying the groundwork for poli-cies like this that crack down on abus-ers. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to con-tinuing to work on this issue on both sides of the aisle and with the adminis-tration on policies that will further strengthen the integrity of the Medi-care program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you re-garding several opioid bills the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably re-ported to address the opioid epidemic. The following bills were also referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may proceed ex-peditiously to the House Floor: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of the bills, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding the following bills, which were also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on these bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I appreciate your acknowledgment that by forgoing formal consideration of these bills, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within its Rule X juris-diction. I also appreciate your offer to sup-port the Committee’s request for the ap-pointment of conferees in the event of a House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. Thank you for your assistance on this mat-ter. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5676, the SENIOR Communities Protection Act. The Affordable Care Act granted the Department of Health and Human Services the authority to suspend pay-ments to Medicare’s part A and B pro-viders pending investigations into credible allegations of fraud or abuse. The SENIOR Communities Protec-tion Act would grant that same author-ity to Medicare part D plans. This bill would only allow plans to suspend these payments if doing so would not cause an access or network adequacy problem for the beneficiaries served by the pharmacies or hinder any law en-forcement efforts. This change would give Medicare an additional tool to help crack down on bad actors who put seniors at risk. For example, this could help plans and Medicare crack down on the practice of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.035 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5263 June 19, 2018 
pill dumping, where a small pharmacy receives millions of opioid pills from a distributor that far exceeds the popu-lation of patients it serves. In one case, it was found that a sin-gle small town pharmacy received the equivalent of more than 9,000 pills per resident over the course of a decade. In another case, an opioid distributor shipped 9 million pills to a town of 406 residents over just a 2-year period. That is an average of 717 pills per per-son per year. While opioid distributors are required to report suspicious activity, congres-sional investigations have revealed that distributors did not perform suffi-cient oversight of these shipments. As our communities are flooded with these drugs, it is important that Medicare plans have the ability to stop the bad actors when they are identified. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to go into a little bit more detail and focus on how it is that we are here today and why there is an urgency to this. The gentlewoman just mentioned some staggering statistics: 9,000 pills per individual over a decade in a par-ticular town. It tells you that the sys-tem has gotten entirely out of balance. There are a lot of explanations and there are not a lot of clean hands: We know that there have been gov-ernment policies that have driven, in part, the opioid crisis by evaluating providers on whether or not pain satis-faction has been completed on the pa-tient side of things; We know that in some cases there have been healthcare providers that have not gone into the detail of getting to the root of a problem; We know that we, as a culture, put extraordinary pressure on healthcare providers when we tell them we want them to help us get out of pain; and when we do that, sometimes, Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, we put our-selves at risk, and we know that pharma has a lot to answer for. All of those things we know are true, and I think what is encouraging to me is this idea of people coming together on both sides and recognizing we don’t have to live this way anymore. We don’t have to have a system that drives people in this direction. Let me just go back to this inspector general report from the Department of Health and Human Services that says that 79 million prescriptions involving opioids were prescribed in 2016 alone. That is a staggering number. And I think that, if we are diligent, if we are forward thinking, and if we con-tinue to work together, both sides of the aisle coming together, Mr. Speak-er, I think that, in 10 years, our coun-try will be having a different conversa-tion on opioids. It may take that long, but I think, in 10 years’ time, if we do the work, if we are committed to this, we can look back and we can say: That was a time when the United States came together around a public health crisis; that was a time when people had a general understanding that they needed to get over the normal ap-proaches on things; and that was a time that people came together with holistic approaches. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ) Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. As co-chair of the Bipartisan Heroin Task Force, I have spent a lot of my time working on this opioid crisis. Con-gress must do everything we can to en-sure that our communities have the re-sources for prevention, treatment, and enforcement. My district is also home to 140,000 seniors, among the highest in the coun-try. As we work together in a bipar-tisan way to fight this epidemic, we cannot forget about our seniors and how this crisis affects them. More than 42 million Americans get their prescription drugs through Medi-care. They rely on Medicare part D, the prescription drug program, for the drugs that they need. A 2017 report by the HHS Office of the Inspector General found that 500,000 Medicare part D beneficiaries received high amounts of opioids. High means in excess of what the manufac-turer and CDC recommend—in other words, dangerous amounts. Too many senior communities are being flooded with opioids. We must protect our seniors, and that means we need to protect Medicare from those who would abuse it. We need to fight the fraudulent abuse of Medicare by people who do not have seniors’ best in-terests at heart. In some cases, seniors are having their Medicare numbers stolen and then used to fraudulently bill Medicare for opioids. So-called pill dumping has resulted in millions of painkillers flooding small towns across the coun-try through just a few pharmacies, much of it paid for by Medicare. Last year, the Department of Justice announced the biggest healthcare fraud bust in its history. They arrested 412 defendants for billing the government $1.2 billion in fraudulent charges, in-cluding prescription opioids which were then distributed in our communities. The SENIOR Communities Protec-tion Act gives Medicare a new tool to crack down on those who would fraudu-lently use senior Medicare dollars to flood communities with unneeded drugs. The bill gives Medicare part D plan sponsors the ability to suspend payments to a pharmacy that is under investigation due to a credible allega-tion of fraud or abuse. This should make it easier to respond to harmful fraud and abusive activity more quick-ly. This protects Medicare dollars for those whom they are intended—for our seniors. If a criminal is fraudulently billing Medicare and distributing prescription drugs, Medicare should not have to pay for it while an investigation is under-way. Those dollars are for seniors. This is the same tool available to other programs in Medicare, and this bill simply extends it to the prescrip-tion drug program. It is a good and smart tool. It is designed to make sure that seniors keep getting the drugs they do need, while protecting phar-macies that have done nothing wrong. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New Jersey. Mr. M
ACARTHUR. The bill is de-signed to make sure that seniors keep the drugs they do need and protect pharmacies that have done nothing wrong, while allowing us to go after those who abuse Medicare. I am grateful to the bipartisan spon-sors of this bill. I am grateful for the bipartisan support it has received in committee. I would like to just men-tion those bipartisan Members who lent their support to it: Representa-tives C
HRIS COLLINS , D AVID S
CHWEIKERT , ANNKUSTER , EARL BLU-
MENAUER , and P AULTONKO . Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, a 2017 report from the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services found that about 70,000 seniors on Medicare received prescriptions for what the report described as an ex-treme amount of opioids during a sin-gle year. This means that these seniors were receiving 2.5 times the level the Centers for Disease Control rec-ommends for patients with chronic pain. Another 22,000 beneficiaries were identified as doctor shopping, which means that they received a high num-ber of opioids from multiple prescribers and pharmacies. The opioid crisis is not exclusive to young people. That same OIG report found that one-third of Medicare part D bene-ficiaries received an opioid prescription in 2016, which is about 79.4 million pre-scriptions. While there are certainly individuals who have a legitimate need for these drugs, H.R. 5676 will help Medicare part D plans crack down on the bad actors who are flooding our communities with excessive opioid pills. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, in a nutshell, I think the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia put it well. What she was argu-ing was this bill strikes a balance, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.055 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5264 June 19, 2018 
which it does. It is designed to focus our time, our attention, and our ener-gies on making sure that the bad ac-tors are weeded out, that the abuse is stopped, and that we can bring balance to the system. The Stop Excessive Narcotics in Our Retirement Communities Protection Act, or SENIOR Communities Protec-tion Act, is another step in this direc-tion to protect our Nation’s seniors. This bill was brought to the floor through a bipartisan committee proc-ess, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5676, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
EXPANDING OVERSIGHT OF OPIOID PRESCRIBING AND PAYMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5723) to require the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to re-port on opioid payment, adverse incen-tives, and data under the Medicare pro-gram, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5723 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. MEDICARE PAYMENT ADVISORY COMMIS-SION REPORT ON OPIOID PAYMENT, ADVERSE INCENTIVES, AND DATA UNDER THE MEDICARE PROGRAM. 
Not later than March 15, 2019, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission shall submit to Congress a report on, with respect to the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, the following: (1) A description of how the Medicare pro-gram pays for pain management treatments (both opioid and non-opioid pain manage-ment alternatives) in both inpatient and out-patient hospital settings. (2) The identification of incentives under the hospital inpatient prospective payment system under section 1886 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww) and incentives under the hospital outpatient prospective payment system under section 1833(t) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)) for prescribing opioids and incentives under each such system for prescribing non-opioid treatments, and rec-ommendations as the Commission deems ap-propriate for addressing any of such incen-tives that are adverse incentives. (3) A description of how opioid use is tracked and monitored through Medicare claims data and other mechanisms and the identification of any areas in which further data and methods are needed for improving data and understanding of opioid use. SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5723, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5723, the Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act of 2018, sponsored by my colleague, Representative T
ENNEY , along with Representatives M
CKINLEY and D
ELBENE. H.R. 5723 is the result of work by Members and staff on both sides of the aisle, and I am pleased to have taken part in these important ef-forts to address the opioid epidemic. This legislation responds to a crucial recommendation from the Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the opioid crisis by directing the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, or MedPAC, to investigate financial in-centives for prescribing opioids. These incentives may discourage providers from prescribing evidence-based nonopioid treatments for pain manage-ment that can reduce patients’ expo-sure to opioids and slow the epidemic. The report will take a close look at these financial incentives, while also examining the use of data to track and monitor opioid use to more fully under-stand opioid utilization patterns in Medicare so that we may cultivate bet-ter solutions to combat the epidemic itself. MedPAC may also make rec-ommendations to address perverse in-centives in Medicare’s payment sys-tems that may encourage opioid over-prescribing. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5723, the Expanding Oversight of Opioid Pre-scribing and Payment Act of 2018. Opioids took the lives of 42,000 Amer-icans in 2016, and the issue affects countless families in Illinois and in my congressional district, and I know that is true all across the country. This leg-islation brings us one step closer to providing our communities and fami-lies with the tools necessary to combat the epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you re-garding several opioid bills the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably re-ported to address the opioid epidemic. The following bills were also referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may proceed ex-peditiously to the House Floor: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I acknowledge that by waiving formal con-sideration of the bills, the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House Floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding the following bills, which were also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce: H.R. 5774, Combatting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals (COACH) Act; H.R. 5775, Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educations Resources (PROP-ER) Act; H.R. 5776, Medicare and Opioid Safe Treat-ment (MOST) Act; H.R. 5773, Preventing Addition for Suscep-tible Seniors (PASS) Act; H.R. 5676, Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement (SENIOR) Communities Protec-tion Act; and H.R. 5723, Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on these bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I appreciate your acknowledgment that by forgoing formal consideration of these bills, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within its Rule X juris-diction. I also appreciate your offer to sup-port the Committee’s request for the ap-pointment of conferees in the event of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.056 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5265 June 19, 2018 
House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. Thank you for your assistance on this mat-ter. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5723, the Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act. As I mentioned earlier, 80 percent of low-risk surgery patients receive an opioid prescription to treat their post-surgical pain. These prescriptions are certainly necessary for many patients, but with such a high percentage, we must examine if Medicare payment policies are ultimately discouraging the use of nonopioid alternatives. This bill, introduced by Representa-tives S
UZAN DELBENE and C LAUDIA  T
ENNEY , would require the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, or MedPAC, to submit a report to Con-gress detailing how Medicare reim-burses pain management treatments in a hospital setting. This report will also examine what incentives exist in the inpatient prospective payment system and outpatient prospective payment system for overprescribing and how prescribing data is tracked and mon-itored in Medicare claims. This crisis was not created in a vacu-um, and it will take efforts from all as-pects of the healthcare system to find a solution, including examining how our hospital payment policies have pushed providers towards prescribing such addictive medications. I support H.R. 5723 and efforts to de-termine which policies within Medi-care, if any, have contributed to this opioid epidemic. I am also strongly supportive of the directive within this report to realign payment policies to increase access to nonopioid alter-natives for pain management. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding so much time to me in favor of this legis-lation that I coauthored with my col-league, Ms. D
ELBENE, on this bipar-tisan piece, H.R. 5723, the Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, in my district and across the Nation, the opioid epidemic has ravaged communities, torn apart families, and ended the lives of every-day Americans. Opioid abuse and drug- related deaths are rising at alarming rates. In my rural New York district, drug-related deaths rose over 350 per-cent in the short period from 2012 to 2016. Each day, I continue to hear from families across the 22nd district that have been impacted by this epidemic. They share deeply moving and personal stories of loss and struggle, and they always urge me that more needs to be done. Mr. Speaker, they are right. This is why the people’s House has taken sig-nificant, bipartisan action to pass record funding for addiction treatment and prevention and to stop the flow of illicit drugs coming across the border. This is not the time to let up. During an opioid roundtable that I held in my district, I heard from mem-bers of my community who told me that often an opioid prescription is the only option for pain management of-fered after a complicated surgery or a procedure as routine as a root canal. This anecdotal evidence is backed up by the hard truth that, in 2016, there were 66.5 opioid prescriptions per 100 people. Mr. Speaker, that amounts to more than 214 million total opioid pre-scriptions. The Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act seeks to find out what is fueling these prescrip-tions. This bipartisan bill requires the Medicare Payment Advisory Com-mittee, or MedPAC, to research and identify adverse incentives in the Medicare and Medicaid programs that lead to an overprescription of opioids versus readily available nonopioid al-ternatives. Medicare and other insurance pro-viders often do not cover nonopioid al-ternatives for pain, and this legislation seeks to understand why. Once we are able to understand the cause, we can change Medicare policy to reduce de-mand for opioids to address chronic pain and provide patients with safer, nonaddictive, nonopioid alternatives for pain. Opioid overdose is now the leading cause of death for Americans under 50. We must take action. Mr. Speaker, combating this epi-demic starts by eliminating any incen-tives that cause our constituents to be-come addicted to opioids and other pre-scription drugs in the first place. I want to thank my colleagues, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. S AN-
FORD , for joining me in this bipartisan effort, and I appreciate the work of Chairman B
RADY and every member of the Ways and Means Committee who worked to help us get this far. I want to say a special thank you to Rep-resentative R
OSKAM from Illinois for providing me this opportunity to speak on behalf of this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-leagues support this legislation. b1645 Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I must reiterate that while I support the efforts of this bill to direct MedPAC to examine which structural policies within Medicare are contributing to this opioid crisis, I be-lieve that we need to do more than study the problem. We need to dedicate resources to fixing it. We need to invest in longer treat-ment programs and comprehensive re-covery programs that provide safe housing, peer support, and mental health services. And while we should absolutely examine the policies that brought us to this crisis in the first place, we need to do more to find long- lasting solutions. So I implore my colleagues today to ensure that this package of bills is not the end of the discussion. I hope to see more hearings, more proposals, and more testimony from experts on how we can enact Federal policies that will save lives. I hope that instead of attacking our existing healthcare system, Repub-licans work with Democrats to improve the Affordable Care Act, increase ac-cess to coverage, work to bring down premiums, and invest in the public health of our Nation. Addiction is a disease, not a choice. I look forward to working with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to eradicate this dis-ease from our communities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I think Ms. TENNEY ’s argument a minute ago is smart, it is good policy, it is thoughtful, it is measured, and it is the direction we should go. In other words, if there are incen-tives that are misaligned, let’s under-stand those and let’s absorb them and let’s change them. It should not be that there is a financial incentive to offer an opioid or for an opioid to get into a system as opposed to a nonopioid alternative. So, for sure, we need to study this. We need to have a clear understanding. I would like to thank the Members on both sides of the aisle for the work they did, as well as Chairman B
RADY  for his leadership in moving this through the Ways and Means Com-mittee. It is such an important time. With 115 deaths from opioid overdoses every day, everyone knows that time is not our friend. There is an urgency to this. We have to have a clear understanding of what is going on. It is imperative that we identify current practices that prevent the use of nonopioid treat-ments for pain management and that we reduce financial incentives that have unintentionally led to over-prescriptions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5723, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.039 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5266 June 19, 2018 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 48 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1650 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Flor-ida) at 4 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m. 
f 
SUPPORTING RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT FOR FIRST RE-SPONDERS ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4991) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish the Na-tional Urban Security Technology Lab-oratory, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4991 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting Research and Development for First Re-sponders Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL URBAN SECURITY TECH-NOLOGY LABORATORY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) by redesignating the second section 319 (relating to EMP and GMD mitigation re-search and development) as section 320; and (2) by inserting after section 320, as so re-designated, the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 321. NATIONAL URBAN SECURITY TECH-NOLOGY LABORATORY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall designate the laboratory described in subsection (b) as an additional laboratory pursuant to the authority under section 308(c)(2). Such laboratory shall be used to test and evaluate emerging tech-nologies and conduct research and develop-ment to assist emergency response providers in preparing for, and protecting against, threats of terrorism. ‘‘(b) L
ABORATORY DESCRIBED .—The labora-tory described in this subsection is the lab-oratory— ‘‘(1) known, as of the date of the enactment of this section, as the National Urban Secu-rity Technology Laboratory; ‘‘(2) previously known as the Environ-mental Measurements Laboratory; and ‘‘(3) transferred to the Department pursu-ant to section 303(1)(E). ‘‘(c) L
ABORATORY ACTIVITIES .—The labora-tory designated pursuant to subsection (a), shall— ‘‘(1) conduct tests, evaluations, and assess-ments of current and emerging technologies, including, as appropriate, cybersecurity of such technologies that can connect to the internet, for emergency response providers; ‘‘(2) conduct research and development on radiological and nuclear response and recov-ery; ‘‘(3) act as a technical advisor to emer-gency response providers; and ‘‘(4) carry out other such activities as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by striking both items relating to section 319 and the item relating to section 318 and inserting the following: ‘‘318. Social media working group. ‘‘319. Transparency in research and develop-ment. ‘‘320. EMP and GMD mitigation research and development. ‘‘321. National Urban Security Technology Laboratory.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4991, the Supporting Research and De-velopment for First Responders Act. H.R. 4991 authorizes the National Urban Security Technology Labora-tory, NUSTL, within the Department of Homeland Security’s Science and Technology Directorate. Located in New York City, NUSTL has been a critical resource in pro-tecting our homeland since 1947. Today, NUSTL is a one-of-its-kind test and evaluation laboratory for the first responder community. I had the opportunity to visit NUSTL last year and saw firsthand the impres-sive work being done there on a daily basis. During my visit, I witnessed NUSTL’s work to test and validate equipment used by our first responders to protect our communities. NUSTL has conducted more than 1,000 assess-ments on current and emergency first responder equipment. I also learned about NUSTL’s radio-logical and nuclear research and devel-opment, which focuses on response and recovery efforts. Additionally, last November, Chief Timothy Rice from the New York City Fire Department testified before the Subcommittee on Emergency Pre-paredness, Response, and Communica-tions, which I chair, on the importance of NUSTL to FDNY’s daily operations. Chief Rice highlighted that the fire de-partment’s relationship with NUSTL has ‘‘strengthened the department’s ability to save life and property, and ultimately, make the people of New York and millions of visitors to the re-gion safer each day.’’ Simply put, this bill will authorize the test and evaluation and research and development activities currently being conducted at NUSTL. Given the current threat environment, we need to ensure that DHS continues to support our first responders, and this bill will do just that. H.R. 4991 will ensure that the valuable work being done at NUSTL will continue for years to come. I want to recognize the tireless ef-forts of the staff at NUSTL to support first responders and secure our home-land. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that this bill is supported by the American Fed-eration of Government Employees, and I include in the RECORD their letter dated June 15, 2018. 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF  G
OVERNMENT EMPLOYEES , AFL–CIO, Washington, DC, June 15, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE , On behalf of the American Federation of Government Em-ployees, AFL–CIO (AFGE), which represents more than 700,000 federal and DC government workers who serve the American people in 70 different agencies, including 20 employees at the National Urban Security Technology Laboratory (NUSTL), I am writing to indi-cate our support of H.R. 4991, the Supporting Research and Development for First Re-sponders Act. This bill would provide for the authorization of this important program. The National Urban Security Technology Laboratory (NUSTL) works primarily on testing technologies used by first responders. The scientists and engineers at NUSTL en-sure first responders are safe and equipped to perform their duties. They support the train-ing of first responders to use radiation detec-tion equipment to interdict a terrorist act involving radiological dispersion devices (RDDs) or improvised nuclear devices (INDs). They also publish reports that allow first re-sponders to purchase radiation and explo-sives detection equipment best suited for their needs. They ensure unmanned aerial vehicles or drones are not used as weapons. NUSTL labs give police officers, fire fight-ers and other first responders the oppor-tunity to test drive technological equipment and offer feedback for how to make it safer and more effective. NUSTL allows first re-sponders to test prototypes of products in the pipeline at DHS to help improve them. They also offer training about how to re-spond to emergencies and natural disasters. NUSTL employees’ work keeps first respond-ers safe and up to date with the latest tech-nologies. NUSTL ensures our communities are safe and thriving. AFGE strongly supports H.R. 4991, the Sup-porting Research and Development for First Responders Act. Thank you, T
HOMAS S. K AHN, Director, Legislative Affairs Department. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in voting for the Supporting Research and Develop-ment for First Responders Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, June 14, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 4991, the ‘‘Supporting Research and Development for First Responders Act,’’ which your Committee ordered reported on June 6, 2018. H.R. 4991 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.061 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5267 June 19, 2018 
you having consulted with the Committee regarding revisions to the bill, and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual under-standing that doing so will in no way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of con-ferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, June 14, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4991, the ‘‘Supporting Research and Development for First Re-sponders Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will not seek a sequential referral on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4991, the Supporting Research and De-velopment for First Responders Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4991 would author-ize the National Urban Security Tech-nology Laboratory, also known as NUSTL, within the Department of Homeland Security’s Science and Tech-nology Directorate. Established in 1947, NUSTL has a long, rich history of supporting the first responder community. This lab-oratory, located in New York City, is central to the research and develop-ment of technologies that give first re-sponders the tools to mitigate, respond to, and recover from national security threats. In recent years, NUSTL’s work has fostered the emergence of thousands of innovative radiation detectors for use in the Securing the Cities program. NUSTL’s engagement with homeland security stakeholders has ensured that as technology is developed, the par-ticular concerns of end users, such as first responders, are taken into consid-eration. With the homeland security threat evolving daily, the importance of this lab to national security cannot be overstated. While the good work of NUSTL is evident to myself and my colleagues on the House Homeland Security Com-mittee, President Trump, unfortu-nately, does not have the same level of appreciation. In the last two budget cy-cles, the Trump administration, in its efforts to free up resources to build a wall along the southern border, has proposed completely cutting funding for NUSTL. The elimination of this laboratory as a first responder resource is absolutely senseless. I am glad to see that our committee worked in a bipartisan fashion to craft this legislation, which would ensure that the work being performed at NUSTL will continue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in advancing research develop-ment of technologies for first respond-ers by supporting H.R. 4991. Mr. Speaker, NUSTL’s work is inte-gral to protecting our Nation’s first re-sponders from threats. On the one hand, it is unfortunate that the Trump administration’s pro-posal to cut spending for NUSTL is what prompted the creation of H.R. 4991 in the first place; however, it has given this Chamber an opportunity to recognize the value of NUSTL and push for it to maintain its place at the De-partment of Homeland Security. So I encourage my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 4991, and I thank my col-league across the aisle for his work on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Mr. LANGEVIN from Rhode Island, for his help in this mat-ter. And I once again urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 4991, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4991, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JOINT TASK FORCE TO COMBAT OPIOID TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5762) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s border security operations to de-tect, interdict, disrupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5762 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Joint Task Force to Combat Opioid Trafficking Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF JOINT TASK FORCE TO COUNTER OPIOIDS. 
Section 708 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 348) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) Enhancing the integration of the De-partment’s border security operations to de-tect, interdict, disrupt, and prevent nar-cotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (13) as paragraphs (11) through (15), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(9) E
NGAGEMENT WITH THE PRIVATE SEC -
TOR.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of a Joint Task Force may engage with representatives from a private sector organization for the purpose of carrying out the mission of such Joint Task Force, and any such engagement shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(B) A
SSISTANCE FROM PRIVATE SECTOR .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b)(1), the Secretary, with the agree-ment of a private sector organization, may arrange for the temporary assignment of an employee of such organization to a Joint Task Force in accordance with this para-graph. ‘‘(ii) A
GREEMENT .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for a written agreement between the De-partment, the private sector organization concerned, and the employee concerned re-garding the terms and conditions of the as-signment of such employee under this para-graph. ‘‘(C) N
O FINANCIAL LIABILITY .—Any agree-ment under this paragraph shall require the private sector organization concerned to be responsible for all costs associated with the assignment of an employee under this para-graph. ‘‘(D) D
URATION .—An assignment under this paragraph may, at any time and for any rea-son, be terminated by the Secretary or the private sector organization concerned and shall be for a total period of not more than two years. ‘‘(10) C
OLLABORATION WITH TASK FORCES  
OUTSIDE DHS .—The Secretary may enter into a memorandum of understanding by which a Joint Task Force established under this sec-tion to carry out any purpose specified in subsection (b)(2)(A) and any other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, or inter-national entity or task force established for a similar purpose may collaborate for the purpose of carrying out the mission of such Joint Task Force.’’. 
SEC. 3. NOTIFICATION; REPORTING. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.041 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5268 June 19, 2018 
(1) make a determination regarding wheth-er to establish a Joint Task Force under sec-tion 708 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to carry out the purpose specified in clause (iv) of subsection (b)(2)(A) of such section, as added by section 2 of this Act; and (2) submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate written notification of such determination, including, if such deter-mination is in the negative, information on the basis for such negative determination. (b) R
EPORTING .—If the Secretary of Home-land Security establishes a Joint Task Force under section 708 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to carry out the purpose specified in clause (iv) of subsection (b)(2)(A) of such section, as added by section 2 of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) beginning with the first report required under subsection (b)(6)(F) of such section 708, include with respect to such a Joint Task Force— (A) a gap analysis of funding, personnel, technology, or other resources needed in order to detect, interdict, disrupt, and pre-vent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States; and (B) a description of collaboration pursuant to subsection (b)(10) of such section (as added by section 2 of this Act) between such a Joint Task Force and any other Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, or inter-national task force, including the United States Postal Service and the United States Postal Inspection Service; and (2) in each report required under sub-section (b)(11)(C) of section 708 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as redesignated by section 2 of this Act, an assessment of the activities of such a Joint Task Force, includ-ing an evaluation of whether such Joint Task Force has enhanced integration of the Department’s efforts, created any unique ca-pabilities, or otherwise enhanced operational effectiveness, coordination, or information sharing to detect, interdict, disrupt, and pre-vent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the opioid epidemic continues to devastate communities across this Nation every day. One hun-dred fifteen Americans die every single day from an opioid overdose. Opioid abuse doesn’t discriminate. It touches people from every age group, race, class, gender, and background. b1700 In my home State of New York, more than 3,000 lives were lost in 2016 alone. Mr. Speaker, 3,000. Some Americans are becoming ad-dicted after taking doctor-prescribed doses for an injury or surgery. Others are trying them in illicit forms and are becoming addicted. Opioids are highly addictive and overprescribed. It is a major part of this epidemic. Another disturbing trend we are see-ing is illicit drugs being laced with fentanyl, which is 100 times more pow-erful than morphine, leading to acci-dental overdoses. I have seen estimates concluding that more than 2 million of our fellow Americans are addicted to opioids. Too many lives have been lost, and too many families have been de-stroyed. As we work to confront the epidemic, we must prevent the abuse of opioids, stop the flow of opioids into the United States, and treat those Americans who have become addicted. Last week, the House passed 35 bills to address the opioid epidemic through stronger pre-vention, treatment, and enforcement activities. Today, we continue that work. H.R. 5762 would further enable law enforcement to stop the flow of opioids such as fentanyl from entering the United States. This bill would create a joint task force within the Department of Homeland Security to organize opioid interdiction efforts across mul-tiple components and agencies. The task force would coordinate the assets and personnel of Customs and Border Protection, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, the Coast Guard, and other resources to track, interdict, and prevent the illicit flow of opioids through the United States in a unity of effort campaign. It will also leverage domestic and international partners to provide a multifaceted approach to tackling this issue. Most illicit opioids are produced in China, being smuggled by mail, where vulnerabilities in the postal sys-tem are exploited. We are also seeing increased traffic from Mexico, with opioids hidden in vehicles and cargo entering through our ports of entry. The joint task force approach to the opioid epidemic is effective because it fosters information sharing and ex-change between all relevant stake-holders to combat the opioid epidemic. There is no quick or easy solution to this epidemic, though H.R. 5762 is a step in the right direction. It empowers the Department of Homeland Security and its mission partners to tackle the opioid crisis head-on by organizing a joint task force focused on preventing opioids from reaching our commu-nities. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in voting for H.R. 5762, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5762, the Joint Task Force to Combat Opioid Trafficking Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from New York, Chairman DONOVAN , for his kind and strong words of support for this bill. This has been a truly bipartisan effort on the committee, and I thank the gentleman for his work on this and for his support. Again, Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of a public health emergency that is devastating communities across the country, including my home State of Rhode Island. No matter your race, gender, age, religion, or socioeconomic status, Americans are suffering from the opioid overdose epidemic. We know that approximately 42,000 fatalities were attributed to opioids in 2016, and we know that fentanyl is ex-acerbating the problem. This powerful synthetic opioid, which is 25 to 50 times stronger than heroin and 50 to 100 times more powerful than mor-phine, has caused 15 times more deaths in Rhode Island during 2016 than in 2009. In its purest form as a powder, or as grains similar to the size of salt, fentanyl’s lethal potency often harms people when unknowingly mixed with other illicit drugs, like heroin, or mar-keted on the street as a different sub-stance entirely. Since the majority of opioids inter-dicted by the United States are seized at ports of entry and the southern bor-der accounts for at least 75 percent of all opioids collected, I am pleased to offer a solution that will strengthen the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s fight against this drug crisis. This bill authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a task force to enhance the internal integra-tion of the department’s border secu-rity operations to detect, interdict, dis-rupt, and prevent narcotics, including fentanyl, from entering the United States in the first place. Secretary Jeh Johnson was the first to use the joint task force model to achieve better unity of effort across the department’s components when it comes to fulfilling the Homeland Secu-rity mission. All of DHS’ many agencies, from Cus-toms and Border Protection to the U.S. Coast Guard, have an important role to play when it comes to combating opioid trafficking, which makes the joint task force a particularly apt structure to address the crisis. If Homeland Security Investigations is looking into a fentanyl distribution ring in Omaha, they need to coordinate efforts with Customs offices in El Paso so that packages en route to Nebraska are properly inspected. The JTF model is intended to ensure this coordination is baked into the cul-ture at the various components and that cases don’t slip through the cracks. The goal is not to add red tape for the hardworking DHS personnel protecting our Nation but to keep them all on the same page as a single, unified effort. This coordination is worth it. Mr. Speaker, Congress recognized the value of Secretary Johnson’s pilot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.043 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5269 June 19, 2018 
JTFs when we formally authorized them in 2016. As new challenges con-front the department, we must make use of this organizational structure in innovative ways to maintain the synergies that drove the creation of DHS in the first place. Stopping the proliferation of fentanyl is particularly well suited to the JTF approach. Unlike many more traditional narcotics, fentanyl is often shipped directly to dealers from over-seas. Fentanyl’s extremely high po-tency allows these shipments to be small enough to go undetected unless carefully scrutinized. That is why it is essential that the joint task force on opioids collaborate with private-sector organizations and any other Federal, State, local, Tribal, territorial, or international entity to increase operational effectiveness, co-ordination, and information sharing. We need to work with partners, espe-cially the United States Postal Service and private parcel delivery services like UPS and FedEx, to ensure sus-picious packages are inspected. Having a single task force coordinating the de-partment’s efforts makes it much easi-er for other organizations to know to whom to go. The collaboration called for in this bill, combined with the implementa-tion of Ms. T
SONGAS ’ INTERDICT Act, which focuses on drug detection tech-nologies, will ensure that DHS is maxi-mally effective in combating the flood of synthetic opioids trafficked into the United States. The crisis gripping our Nation, Mr. Speaker, is complex. We recognize that. We cannot succeed in stemming the opioid epidemic unless the Federal Government recognizes the oppor-tunity to integrate and collaborate not only across agencies but also with our private-sector partners. I hope my colleagues will join this bi-partisan effort to curb the prevalence of illicit opioids on our streets, in our communities, in our neighborhoods, and in our homes by supporting H.R. 5762. Mr. Speaker, now more than ever, we need to take action to curb the flow of synthetic opioids into America. The need plays out in tragedies around the country every day. Rhode Island’s Brandon Goldner was just 23 years old when, after being re-vived seven times in a 2-month period, he tragically lost his life to an opioid overdose. Losing Brandon and so many others to opioids demands that we, as lawmakers, act quickly to reduce the stigma associated with drug use and ensure that there are adequate treat-ment options that are available. I am proud to come from a State that has developed a comprehensive strat-egy to combat the opioid crisis by sup-porting local and State partners at every level of education, treatment, and prevention through the creation of a statewide overdose prevention and intervention task force. This is a constant battle, and reduc-ing the prevalence of opioids available to those who might use or abuse the substance is an important step that we can take today by passing this bill. Every one of my colleagues has their own Brandon story. Everyone has talked with grieving parents, children, friends, and coworkers. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that the Committee on Homeland Security is doing its part to ensure that we bring a whole-of-government approach to combating this whole-of-society prob-lem, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. The bill before us today will enhance internal DHS operations, force the col-laboration across Federal agencies, and develop partnerships with the private sector to limit opioids coming into our country and getting distributed throughout our communities. Like every bill that makes it to the floor, this legislation is the result of a collaborative effort. Mr. Speaker, I must thank Senator CLAIRE MCCASKILL , who has been a true champion in driving policy to address the opioid crisis and who first proposed applying the JTF model to this epi-demic. She has been a true leader on this issue. I also thank my good friend and long- time colleague on the committee and cosponsor, Congressman P
ETER KING, who has helped ensure that this effort is a bipartisan one. Likewise, I owe a debt of gratitude to our ranking member, Mr. T
HOMPSON , and our chairman, Mr. M
CCAUL, who worked with me in turn to make a good idea even better legislation. Like anything we do, nothing would have been possible without the tireless work of our staff, in particular that of Rosaline Cohen and Alex Carnes with the committee, and Elyssa Malin in my office. Mr. Speaker, I have said before that the opioid epidemic is incredibly com-plex. With the number of factors driv-ing this tragic increase in overdoses, there is no silver bullet to this public health emergency. Rather, it demands a whole-of-society approach. This bill will bring that unity of effort to the Department of Homeland Security, so that it can be a more effective partner in turning the tide against opioid abuse. I hope all of my colleagues will join with me in supporting the creation of this joint task force and support this bill. Again, I thank Chairman D
ONO-
VAN, the gentleman from New York, for his words of support and his effort to see that this bill got to the floor in the first place. I hope to see it pass. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5762. I thank my friend from Rhode Island for his leadership on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5762, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SHIELDING PUBLIC SPACES FROM VEHICULAR TERRORISM ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4627) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to authorize expendi-tures to combat emerging terrorist threats, including vehicular attacks, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4627 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Shielding Public Spaces from Vehicular Terrorism Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
The Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) in paragraph (11) of section 302 (6 U.S.C. 182), by inserting ‘‘research and development to combat emerging terrorist threats, such as vehicular attacks, and’’ before ‘‘the long- term’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B) of section 308(b)(2) (6 U.S.C. 188(b)(2))— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘expertise in—’’ and inserting ‘‘ex-pertise in the following:’’; (B) by redesignating clause (xiv) as clause (xv); and (C) by inserting after clause (xiii) the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(xiv) Combatting emerging terrorist threats, including vehicular attacks.’’. 
SEC. 3. ALLOWABLE USES. 
Section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through (14) as paragraphs (12) through (15), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (10) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(11) addressing security vulnerabilities of public spaces, including through the installa-tion of bollards and other target hardening activities;’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘(a)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(12)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the folllowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) F
IREARMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under section 2003 or 2004 may not be used for the provision to any person of a firearm or train-ing in the use of a firearm. ‘‘(B) N
O EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed to pre-clude or contradict any other provision of law authorizing the provision of firearms or training in the use of firearms.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.067 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5270 June 19, 2018 
potential terrorism vulnerabilities relating to emerging automotive technologies that support driverless vehicles and the associ-ated threat such vehicles may pose to people in public spaces. Such report shall also com-pare any public benefit of such vehicles against any such vulnerabilities and threats. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) and the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4627, the Shielding Public Spaces from Vehicular Terrorism Act. As Secretary Nielsen testified before the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this year, the threats to our Nation from terrorist groups are serious and more dispersed. b1715 As she noted: ‘‘Terrorists are adapt-ing. They are taking an all-of-the- above approach to spreading violence. That includes promoting attacks on soft targets. . . . ‘’ Rather than solely focusing on re-cruiting people to join the fight over-seas, terrorist organizations, like ISIS, are encouraging extremists to commit terrorist acts in their homeland by any means necessary. In fact, in September 2014, now-deceased ISIS senior leader Abu Mohammed al-Adnani urged those attacks, stating: ‘‘Smash his head with a rock, or slaughter him with a knife, or run him over with your car, or throw him down from a high place, or choke him, or poison him.’’ Unfortu-nately, people are heeding this call. The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity’s Terror Threat Snapshot has doc-umented 21 ISIS-linked terror plots against the West using vehicles, 79 using or attempting to build or use ex-plosives, and 56 using a knife or other edged weapon. We have seen examples of this in the United States as recently as the vehic-ular attack on a pedestrian pathway in October and the detonated explosive device at a transit station in Decem-ber, both in my hometown of New York City. As terror tactics evolve, so must our ability to combat them. That is why I introduced the Shielding Public Spaces from Vehicular Terrorism Act. This bi-partisan bill requires the Department of Homeland Security’s Science and Technology Directorate to conduct re-search and development activities to combat emerging terrorist threats, such as vehicular attacks. The bill also ensures that our Na-tion’s first responders can use vital State Homeland Security Grant Pro-gram funding and Urban Areas Secu-rity Initiative funding to address the security vulnerabilities of public spaces, such as surface transportation facilities and mass gathering locations. In this time of increased threats, it is necessary to assess security vulnerabil-ities, identify and implement the most effective safeguards, and support our first responders to the greatest extent possible in order to protect innocent lives in public spaces. This bill is supported by the Security Industry Association. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD their letter of support. 
SECURITY INDUSTRY ASSOCIATION , January 31, 2018. Hon. D
ANDONOVAN , Chairman, House Homeland Security Sub-committee on Emergency Preparedness, Re-sponse and Communications, Washington, DC. Hon. D
ONALD PAYNE , Ranking Member, House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response and Communications, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN DONOVAN AND RANKING  M
EMBER PAYNE : On behalf of the Security In-dustry Association (SIA), I would like to ex-press our strong support for H.R. 4627, the Shielding Public Spaces from Vehicular Ter-rorism Act, which would assist our commu-nities in addressing this evolving threat. SIA is a non-profit international trade associa-tion representing nearly 800 companies that provide security and life safety solutions vital to enhancing public safety. H.R. 4627 requires the DHS Science and Technology Directorate to engage in re-search and development activities to address emerging terrorist threats such as vehicular attacks, and stipulates that federal home-land security grants can be used to address ‘‘security vulnerabilities of public spaces, in-cluding through the installation of bollards and other target hardening activities.’’ Unfortunately, public areas and places where crowds gather for events have become targets for vehicular attacks around the world and recently in New York City and Charlottesville, VA. In addition to purpose-ful attacks, accidents involving vehicles and buildings or crowded events injure thousands and kill hundreds of Americans every year. The strategic placement of bollards, traffic control systems and other security barriers in key locations are critical to protecting the public in these locations, and require sig-nificant security and engineering expertise to deploy affordably and effectively. As you know, these safety systems saved countless lives in Times Square during an incident on May 18, 2017, stopping a vehicle used in a ramming attack by a drugged driver. We believe leadership and assistance from DHS is critical as many community leaders responsible for public safety seek to increase these protections. SIA and its members stand ready to serve as a resource to you as you continue work on this critical issue. Thank you for your leadership and attention to this important matter. Sincerely, D
ONERICKSON , CEO, Security Industry Association. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting the Shielding Public Spaces from Ve-hicular Terrorism Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4627, the Shielding Public Spaces from Vehicular Terrorism Act. Mr. Speaker, the tactics and targets of terrorist organizations are ever changing. Most recently, ISIL-inspired groups have called for jihadists to use vehicles to carry out attacks on so- called soft targets like shopping malls, mass transit centers, and other places where people gather. ISIL has claimed credit for 21 vehic-ular terrorist attacks in major cities like Berlin, Nice, London, and Bar-celona. These attacks have also hit closer to home, including in October 2017 in New York City, when a terrorist used a rented pickup truck to mow down pedestrians on a popular bike path, killing eight and injuring 13. In light of the elevated terror envi-ronment, H.R. 4627 would direct the De-partment of Homeland Security Science and Technology Directorate to conduct research on emerging and evolving terrorist threats, like vehic-ular attacks. The bill would also provide flexibility for homeland security grant funding to be used for securing public spaces through target-hardening activities, including the installation of bollards. Additionally, I am pleased that the bill includes key language authored by my friend Representative VAL D
EMINGS , the gentlewoman from Flor-ida, to codify a current Department practice that prohibits the use of grant funding to purchase firearms or for training on the use of firearms. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) for his words of support on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 4627 to help se-cure our public spaces from emerging terrorist threats, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ). Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) for the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4627. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. D
ONOVAN , for this important legis-lation, which contains a critical provi-sion to ensure that our antiterrorism funds go to their intended purpose. Three months ago, we heard rumors of plans to use precious homeland secu-rity funding to distribute guns to teachers. I introduced language to block this idea, and I am glad to say that this language has, indeed, been in-cluded in H.R. 4627. As a former law enforcement com-mander, I was assigned to Orlando International Airport during the 9/11 attacks. I have seen firsthand the vital 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.042 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5271 June 19, 2018 
need for our antiterrorism funding to be used wisely, carefully, and precisely to prevent terrorist attacks before they occur. It is essential that our students go to school safely. Arming teachers would be both impractical and immoral. Re-quiring teachers to stop mass shooters not only shifts our responsibilities as lawmakers to them, but it also shifts the hurt, the pain, the guilt, and, po-tentially, the liability when they find themselves outskilled and outgunned by a shooter with a weapon of war. We already, as you all know, ask our overworked and underpaid teachers to do too much. We must find ways to continue to allow them to teach. Let’s support them in helping all of our chil-dren reach their full potential and con-tinue to work with our law enforce-ment departments to reduce gun vio-lence. Our limited homeland security fund-ing should be used to prevent terrorist attacks in our local communities. Therefore, I join my colleagues here on the floor, and I urge all of my col-leagues to support H.R. 4627. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I, again, reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I once again thank Chair-man D
ONOVAN from the great State of New York for his support of this bill and for his comments, and I thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ) for her work on this impor-tant piece of legislation. I want to reiterate my support for the Shielding Public Spaces from Ve-hicular Terrorism Act. Passing this bill will reenforce our commitment to com-bating emerging and evolving terrorist threats and protecting public spaces. As the co-chair of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus, I am well aware of how technology can dramatically alter our conceptions about homeland security. The advent of more connected devices from pacemakers to power grids has only impacted the attack sur-face, and the internet makes it possible for these devices to be targeted from anywhere on the globe. With respect to vehicle attacks, imagine a connected car being hacked to run down pedestrians or an autono-mous vehicle’s sensors being tricked to not see humans at all. These are the emerging challenges that we face, and it is imperative that we continue to do whatever is necessary to strengthen the capabilities that we depend on to keep all of our citizens safe. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a mo-ment to recognize Sarah Jorgenson of my subcommittee staff. This is Sarah’s last week with the subcommittee, and I thank her for her work on this bill and for all of her work on the sub-committee to enhance the security and resiliency of our Nation. I wish her the very best in her new role at the Depart-ment of the Interior. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4627, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4627, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 25 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Flor-ida) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5687; The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5676; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
SECURING OPIOIDS AND UNUSED NARCOTICS WITH DELIBERATE DISPOSAL AND PACKAGING ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5687) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to re-quire improved packaging and disposal methods with respect to certain drugs, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 342, nays 13, not voting 72, as follows: [Roll No. 269] YEAS—342 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Nadler Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.072 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5272 June 19, 2018 
Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—13 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) Davidson Gaetz Garrett Gohmert Labrador Massie McClintock Perry Poe (TX) Yoho 
NOT VOTING—72 
Banks (IN) Barletta Beatty Bergman Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Buchanan Butterfield Capuano Carter (GA) Clark (MA) Clyburn Collins (GA) Crawford Culberson Cummings Davis, Danny Ellison Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hensarling Herrera Beutler Issa Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) LaHood Lipinski Loebsack Loudermilk Lynch McCarthy McSally Meeks Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Norman Pittenger Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Renacci Rice (NY) Ross Sanford Schrader Sewell (AL) Simpson Stivers Thompson (MS) Tsongas Vela Walz Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) 
b1857 Messrs. DAVIDSON, YOHO, and POE of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 269. 
f 
STOP EXCESSIVE NARCOTICS IN OUR RETIREMENT COMMUNITIES PROTECTION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5676) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to authorize the suspension of payments by Medi-care prescription drug plans and MA- PD plans pending investigations of credible allegations of fraud by phar-macies, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 356, nays 3, not voting 68, as follows: 
[Roll No. 270] YEAS—356 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Brooks (AL) Massie 
NOT VOTING—68 
Banks (IN) Barletta Beatty Bergman Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Buchanan Butterfield Capuano Clyburn Collins (GA) Crawford Cummings Davis, Danny Ellison Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hensarling Issa Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) LaHood Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack McCarthy McSally Meeks Moolenaar Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Norman Pittenger Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Renacci Rice (NY) Ross Sa´nchez Sanford Schrader Sewell (AL) Simpson Stivers Thompson (MS) Tsongas Vela Walz Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) 
b1905 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 270. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.047 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5273 June 19, 2018 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 195, nays 152, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 79, as follows: 
[Roll No. 271] YEAS—195 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Budd Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Evans Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Frelinghuysen Garamendi Gianforte Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Hunter Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Larson (CT) Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marino Marshall Massie McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Nadler Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Reichert Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Wagner Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NAYS—152 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barraga´n Bass Bera Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bost Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Comer Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Crist Crowley Delaney Denham DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Emmer Espaillat Esty (CT) Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gohmert Gomez Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Grothman Hanabusa Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hurd Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Lofgren Lowenthal Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley Moore Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Serrano Sinema Sires Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—79 
Banks (IN) Barletta Beatty Bergman Beyer Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Buchanan Butterfield Capuano Clyburn Collins (GA) Crawford Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeLauro DeSantis Dunn Ellison Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hensarling Holding Issa Jayapal Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) LaHood Langevin Lipinski Loebsack McCarthy McSally Meeks Messer Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Norman Pittenger Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Renacci Rice (NY) Ross Sanford Schrader Sewell (AL) Shuster Simpson Smith (TX) Stivers Thompson (MS) Tsongas Vela Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) 
b1914 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 269, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 270, and ‘‘Yea’’ on roll-call No. 271. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, due to inclement weather on June 19, 2018, my flight into Washington, DC, was delayed and caused my absence during the vote series that began at 6:30 p.m. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 269, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 270, and ‘‘Yea’’ on roll-call No. 271. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, my return flight to Washington, DC was delayed due to inclem-ent weather, and I was unable to attend the legislative session on June 19, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 269, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 270, and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 271. f 
REPORT ON H.R. 6147, DEPART-MENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVI-RONMENT, AND RELATED AGEN-CIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. CALVERT, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–765) on the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the Union Calendar and or-dered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule XVI, I move that when the House adjourns today, it ad-journ to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow for morning-hour debate and 10 a.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
NATIONAL PTSD AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, during the month of June, we raise awareness for those suf-fering from post-traumatic stress dis-order. After a trauma or a life-threatening event, it is common to have reactions, such as upsetting memories, increased jumpiness, or trouble sleeping. If these reactions do not go away or if they get worse, you might suffer from PTSD. There are organizations and re-sources that can help both individuals and professionals discover ways to identify and to manage PTSD symp-toms and explore effective treatments. PTSD is especially prevalent for those who have served in the military, affecting nearly 30 percent of Vietnam veterans and up to 20 percent of vet-erans who served during the global war on terror. A nonservicemember may be exposed to a single trauma—for example, a car accident—that can also cause PTSD. Mr. Speaker, before I came to Con-gress, I worked as a rehabilitation therapist, and I have seen incredible strides that people with injuries can make with access to appropriate reha-bilitation. I applaud all of the organizations that raise awareness about this impor-tant issue during June. There is help and support for those who have PTSD. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.078 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5274 June 19, 2018 
FAMILY SEPARATION (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, this very minute, terrified children are cry-ing in cages, put there by our govern-ment at our Nation’s borders. Innocent babies, taken from their mothers and fathers, are being held hostage by the President. This is wrong, Mr. Speaker. I never thought I would witness such cruelty in our country. President Trump could stop this with a phone call, and congressional Repub-licans could end it with a vote. Their inaction is despicable, and it speaks volumes. Mr. Speaker, I love this country, but today I am ashamed. I am sickened by the heartlessness of this administra-tion. These families are refugees fleeing violence, hoping simply to survive. How can we tear them apart and put them in actual cages? Mr. Speaker, mark my words: This is a turning point in our Nation’s history. We must decide what kind of country we want to be, what kind of people we want to be, and what we stand for as a nation. I am proud to cosponsor the Keep Families Together Act to end this pol-icy and turn the page on one of the sad-dest chapters in American history. Mr. Speaker, this isn’t over by a long shot. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
THE SULTAN OF TURKEY HAS GONE ROGUE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Turkish President Erdogan will stop at nothing to spread instability and chaos across the globe. He is funding mosques around the world as a means of sup-porting Islamic extremism. These mosques are helping to indoc-trinate an increasing number of radi-cals. These are the very same radicals who have gone on to commit terror at-tacks in other countries, like France, Belgium, and elsewhere. In an effort to keep their citizens safe from terrorists, Austria has begun to fight back. Austria closed seven Turkish-funded mosques and expelled several dozen imams from their coun-try because they are a national secu-rity risk. This is just the first step in putting the brakes on the new Ottoman Sultan: Erdogan. Unfortunately, Erdogan has already turned his own country into a full- blown Islamist state. Now he is trying to radicalize other nations by sup-porting clandestine insurgent extrem-ists. The Sultan of Turkey has gone rogue. The United States should not sell new F–35s to this dictator until he changes his ways. And that is just the way it is. f 
FAMILY SEPARATION (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, this past weekend, my family and I spent a wonderful Sunday celebrating Father’s Day, just like millions of other families across our country. During our time together, I couldn’t help thinking about the thousands of children who are unable to do the same because they have been separated from their own fathers and mothers by agents of our government. They are scared, they are lonely, and they are confused. I am horrified by these actions, and I am determined to fight with my col-leagues to end this cruel policy. It is our moral obligation to reunite these families, and it is imperative that we make sure this never happens again. Fifty years from now, how will his-tory judge those more committed to justifying this policy than ending it? We as a nation are better than this, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do what is right and end this policy of separating children from their parents. 
f 
CELEBRATING JUNETEENTH (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, today is Juneteenth, a day to celebrate the end of slavery in the United States. The destructive history of slavery in this country flows through the fabric of our social conscience, but much more so during the month of June. On June 19, 1865—hence, the name Juneteenth—the Union Army took con-trol over Texas. It is on that date, 2
1⁄2 years after the fact, when slaves in Texas learned about the Emancipation Proclamation. That is how dominant the institution of slavery was. Slave owners were able to keep freedom a se-cret for 2
1⁄2years. The end of slavery didn’t mean free-dom came overnight. It took a cultural transformation and the course of a hundred years before African Ameri-cans could even vote. And the effects of slavery continue still today. On Juneteenth, we celebrate the end of slavery and aspire to be fully free. 
f 
COMMEMORATING JUNETEENTH (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise to commemorate Juneteenth, as a Texan and one who acknowledges that it was my State, 153 years ago, June 19, 1865, where General Gordon Granger rode into Galveston, Texas, and announced the freedom of the last American slaves, belatedly freeing 250,000 slaves in Texas nearly 21⁄2years after Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation. Having spent 2 days at the border, I know that there are 2,000 children who have been separated from their fami-lies who are seeking freedom. I rise today in honor of Juneteenth because it was and is a living symbol of free-dom for people who did not have it. Today, I introduced H. Res. 948, the annual congressional resolution com-memorating Juneteenth Independence Day, which is cosponsored by more than 50 of my colleagues. Juneteenth remains the oldest known celebration of slavery’s demise. Mr. Speaker, it is clear that we need to be able to honor the issue of free-dom, so I conclude by saying that the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., once said, ‘‘Freedom is never free,’’ and African American labor leader A. Phil-lip Randolph often said, ‘‘Freedom is never given; it is won.’’ We must win the freedom for these children, 2,000, who have been sepa-rated from their families. Mr. Speaker, 153 years ago, on June 19, 1865, General Gordon Granger rode into Gal-veston, Texas and announced the freedom of the last American slaves; belatedly freeing 250,000 slaves in Texas nearly two and a half years after Abraham Lincoln signed the Eman-cipation Proclamation. Juneteenth was first celebrated in the Texas state capital in 1867 under the direction of the Freedmen’s Bureau. Juneteenth was and is a living symbol of freedom for people who did not have it. Today, I introduced H. Res. 948, the annual congressional resolution commemorating Juneteenth Independence Day, which is co- sponsored by more than 50 of my colleagues. Juneteenth remains the oldest known cele-bration of slavery’s demise. It commemorates freedom while acknowl-edging the sacrifices and contributions made by courageous African Americans towards making our great nation the more conscious and accepting country that it has become. It was only after that day in 1865 when General Granger rode into Galveston, Texas, on the heels of the most devastating conflict in our country’s history, in the aftermath of a civil war that pitted brother against brother, neigh-bor against neighbor and threatened to tear the fabric of our union apart forever that Amer-ica truly became the land of the free and the home of the brave. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. once said, ‘‘Freedom is never free,’’ and African American labor leader A. Phillip Randolph often said ‘‘Freedom is never given. It is won.’’ Truer words were never spoken. We should all recognize the power and the ironic truth of those statements and we should pause to remember the enormous price paid by all Americans in our country’s quest to real-ize its promise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.080 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5275 June 19, 2018 
Juneteenth honors the end of the 400 years of suffering African Americans endured under slavery and celebrates the legacy of persever-ance that has become the hallmark of the Afri-can American experience in the struggle for equality. In recent years, a number of National Juneteenth Organizations have arisen to take their place alongside older organizations—all with the mission to promote and cultivate knowledge and appreciation of African Amer-ican history and culture. Juneteenth celebrates African American freedom while encouraging self-development and respect for all cultures. But it must always remain a reminder to us all that liberty and freedom are precious birth-rights of all Americans which must be jeal-ously guarded and preserved for future gen-erations. As it takes on a more national and even global perspective, the events of 1865 in Texas are not forgotten, for all of the roots tie back to this fertile soil from which a national day of pride is growing. 
f 
FAMILY SEPARATION (Ms. ROSEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, the images we are seeing of children crying alone, calling out for their mothers and fa-thers, is absolutely heart-wrenching. Right now, innocent children are being detained at our border, and they are going through unthinkable and life- altering trauma as a result of the Trump administration’s cruel decision to separate migrant families. Let me be crystal clear: There is no law requiring border agents to separate migrant children from their parents, yet this administration has chosen to implement this horrendous policy and deliberately ignore public outcry by re-fusing to put an end to this madness. They are playing political games in-stead of doing what is right and true to our American values. This heartless and inhumane behav-ior should not have to require action from Congress to be changed. But with the President pledging to continue his heartless policy, we are compelled to act. That is why I am helping intro-duce legislation that puts an end to this despicable policy and keeps fami-lies together, which I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BAILEY SCHWEITZER (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to remember the life of Bailey Schweitzer. Bailey was a kid at heart who loved playing around at her father’s speed-way racetrack in Bakersfield, Cali-fornia. Bailey was at the Route 91 Harvest festival on October 1 in Las Vegas, at-tending the concert with her mother and other friends. She had a smile that could light up the room and was capa-ble of making everyone laugh. Bailey was a natural born leader and an amazing aunt to her brother Dako-ta’s two kids. Bailey is remembered as being a master at being friends to ev-eryday people and to everyone she met. Mr. Speaker, I extend my condo-lences to Bailey Schweitzer’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
FAMILY SEPARATION (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, in late May of this year, a 5-year-old boy named Jose and his father arrived in El Paso, Texas. Together, they had braved the dangerous trek from Honduras to the United States in search of freedom from gang violence, poverty, and hard-ship. They came as asylum seekers and put themselves at the mercy of American laws. Instead, they were treated like criminals. They journeyed across the continent for a life free of violence and a life free of crime. It is a human right enshrined in international law. When Jose arrived at the border, he was ripped away from his father and detained. Neither one of them were told when, or if, they would see each other again. Jose was assigned to a host family he had never met, taken to a house he had never lived in, and was treated like a prisoner in the land of freedom. According to his host family, every night he placed a handwritten picture of his family under his pillow, holding out hope that they would someday be reunited. This is the picture that he drew. This is immoral, illegal, and an un- American practice that will not go unchallenged. 
f 
b1930 THE WORLD IS WATCHING (Ms. SHEA-PORTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Speaker, America is looking on, indeed the world is looking on with horror as they see pictures of children in cages. First it was denied. They were say-ing, No, we weren’t separating families. Then they said, Well, we are not put-ting them in cages. And now America and the world sees the truth. And it is up to the President. He could change this tonight if he wanted to. I think we have to ask our-selves: Why won’t he? Why won’t this Congress do something? The world is watching. We are losing our moral authority as we speak. I beg the President and the Speaker of the House and others in this Congress to stop this now. f 
WHAT HAS AMERICA BECOME? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, America, my colleagues, Democrat and Republican, this young girl needs our help. She is crying out for her parents. She needs our help. She needs our help now. She is crying for her mother and her father, who have been taken from her. This is the picture of America today. This is a picture of our values as Amer-icans. 350 million of us are responsible for this young girl crying for her moth-er and her father, who have been taken from her. They came to America, her mother came to America because she feared that in her home country, they would be harmed. They came to America seeking life. This young girl is crying out for our help, and she is not alone. She is joined by this young girl, who has been separated from her parents, and she is alone in a building foreign to her. She is crying out to America for our basic humanity, for our basic mo-rality, and she is not alone. She is not alone, and neither are these young children in a cage in America. What have we become? What has America become that we would take children and their parents who have come here seeking refuge, we take the parents away and we put the children in a cage? What has America become that we would allow this to happen? Whatever the reason is for their ar-rival at our border, we know this about them: they came here seeking the very best of America, the promise of this country, and we put them in a cage. What has America become that we would allow this to happen, that the man in the highest office of this Nation would make it the policy of America to cage children; that the man who occu-pies the highest office in this land would make it the policy of this Na-tion, a Nation whose reputation was one of humanity, of concern, and fun-damental morality, that the man who occupies the highest office in this land would put in place policies that would make this young girl cry for her par-ents? Is this the America that we want? Is this the America that we have come to be? Is this the America who has lost its moral compass, who believes that you could take this young girl or these young men and women, these children, and hold them hostage? The ransom is a border wall. Is that where we are as Americans that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.060 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5276 June 19, 2018 
price for a border wall is this? Is that where we are as Americans? Is that what we have become? We can’t debate here on the justice or the value of a policy without taking a young child away from its parents and putting them in a cage so that we could somehow use them as ransom for a public policy. This is not America. This is not what we should expect from the man who oc-cupies the highest office in this land. Have no doubt about it: this is not about a law. This is about a policy di-rected from the White House that says a person crossing into this country, whatever their reason; asylum seekers trying to get away from the horrors of the country from which they came, coming to America seeking the benefit of this great country, that they are a criminal and therefore must be sepa-rated from their children. Something is terribly, terribly wrong here. In America, we need to cry out, just as these children are crying out, just as this young girl is crying out. We need to cry out in moral outrage and say to the President, Stop it. Stop it now. It is wrong. It is immoral. And it is un- American. Stop it. One phone call is all it takes. Change the policy. There is much to be said. We could talk about the laws, we could talk about how we could change it, we could talk about border control, we could talk about walls, we could talk about new judges, we could talk about law-yers, but at the bottom of this issue is a common issue of morality. Back away for a moment. Think about your childhood. Think about that moment when you had your moth-er’s hand and you were 4 years old and you were walking in the mall. Think back to your childhood and think of that moment, and there is probably not a one of us who hasn’t experienced this, when that hand wasn’t there, and we looked around in panic, and we had lost our mother and we were alone and we were in a strange place. Is there one of us anywhere that at some moment in our early life reached out and mother’s hand was not there? Mr. President, your policies did that to this young woman and 2,300 others, crying out for their mother. This is not American. This is not right. It is immoral and it is un-Amer-ican at its very heart and its very foun-dation. Mr. Speaker, joining me tonight are some of my colleagues who share the same concern. My colleague from the district next to me has joined me. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. He is a neighbor and a friend and a col-league, and I appreciate his passion to-night, and I think I am going to share that a little bit. Mr. Speaker, I normally focus on pol-icy. I came here to try to get things done for the people who sent me here to Washington. You know, I don’t bark every time this President sends out an outrageous tweet or makes a ridiculous statement. But when something happens that is absolutely despicable, I am morally ob-ligated to call the President out and hold him publicly accountable for his actions. Ordering young children to be sepa-rated from their parents in order to send a message and then blaming Democrats for the situation, this rises to the level of complete immoral be-havior. Desperate families come to this country fleeing for their very lives. Our history has been to give them shelter. My wife’s grandfather came from Mexico as a political refugee when he and his family were marked for death. America gave him refuge and he was able to bring his two-year-old daugh-ter, my mother-in-law, to safety. b1945 I built a life and raised a family here. Now I have children and grandchildren of my own. What would it be like to have them torn from my arms if I tried to provide them safety? The American Conference of Catholic Bishops is very clear. It is immoral, and it is wrong. There is no greater moral obligation that we have than to care for the children of this world. Clearly, ripping children from the arms of their parents is completely unac-ceptable. This President is too much of a cow-ard to take responsibility for his ac-tions. The President has power to stop this abhorrent policy right now. We, in Congress, will fight to keep families to-gether. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will suspend. Members are reminded not to engage in personalities toward the President. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman G
ARAMENDI for his passion and his profound words on this very difficult subject, not only for Members of the United States Con-gress, but also for many Americans across the country. I had an opportunity yesterday, along with several other Members of Congress, including B
ENNIE THOMPSON , the ranking Democratic Member on the Homeland Security Committee; S
HEILA  J
ACKSON LEE; FREDERICA WILSON ; BEN R
AYLUJA´N; and F ILEMON VELA, to visit two sites where these young kids are being kept in the Rio Grande Valley in Texas—one of them, Casa Padre; the other one, Casa Presidente. When we were there, I and a few other Members of Congress met two young children who were being held without their parents. They were sepa-rated from their parents. One of them was named Roger, an 8- month-old boy—8 months old. The ad-ministrators told us that his mother is actually deceased, and they believe that he had come to the country with his sister, but she was nowhere to be found. The other was a young girl named Leah. She was 1 year old, and she was separated from her parents. These are among the youngest vic-tims of this brutal policy of President Trump in separating young children from their parents. Most Americans believe that we can enforce our immigration laws and still respect human dignity and human rights. But in going down the road that this President has taken us, he is tak-ing us down a road where we are losing our own humanity. He is taking us down a road that is reminiscent of the worst episodes and moral failures in the country’s history, the things that, as Americans, we deeply regret. Also, we have been asked by many Americans over the last few weeks in particular a common question as Mem-bers of Congress: ‘‘What are you doing to stop this?’’ We are pushing legisla-tion. We are out on the streets. We are organizing rallies. We are doing every single thing that we can to change this, to end it. I want to say thank you to my col-leagues that were with me yesterday. Thank you also to NANCY PELOSI and the members of the Congressional His-panic Caucus who visited San Diego; to B
ETOO’ROURKE and J OEKENNEDY , who were in Tonillo near the tent cities, near El Paso; to F
RANK PALLONE , H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , and J ERRY NADLER  who were out in the New York-New Jersey area; and D
EBBIE WASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ and others who were in Flor-ida. Thank you to the folks in the Senate who also made a trip to McAllen, and to Senator M
ERKLEY , without whose help and support a few weeks ago in Brownsville, this issue would not near-ly have had the same amount of atten-tion. This year marks 50 years since we lost two titans in American history, Martin Luther King, Jr., and Robert F. Kennedy. Fifty-two years ago, in a fa-mous speech that he gave in South Af-rica on their Day of Affirmation, Sen-ator Robert F. Kennedy said back then: ‘‘Moral courage is a rarer commodity than bravery in battle or great intel-ligence. Yet it is the one essential, vital quality for those who seek to change a world that yields most pain-fully to change.’’ What we are asking is for this Con-gress to have the moral courage to lis-ten to the American people and do right by these immigrants. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments and would ask him a question. The gen-tleman said he visited one of the shel-ters, and there were babies, babies a few months old. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Yes, we went into the shelter, and we visited two of them. At one of them, there were about four or five infants. They had some-thing called an infants room. At least 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.083 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5277 June 19, 2018 
two of those infants—one of them 8 months named Roger, the other one a year old named Leah—had been sepa-rated from their family members. They were being taken care of by staff. But it was jarring to go into a room, to see young babies, and to realize that their parents or their family members were nowhere to be found, and that this is now standard government practice under the Trump administration. Mr. GARAMENDI. So any age, lit-erally, 4-, 5-, 6-month-old babies taken from their mothers? Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Absolutely. In fact, when we went into the second center, we asked them: ‘‘Well, who is held here?’’ And the administrator said: ‘‘Children between zero and 12 years, and the youngest one we have right now is 8 months.’’ Mr. GARAMENDI. There is some-thing incredibly immoral. I thank the gentleman for traveling to bring the reality back to the House of Represent-atives. It is really important, and I thank him very much for doing that. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for joining us this evening. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. G
ARAMENDI , once again, for step-ping out and giving Members such as myself the opportunity to express our outrage at what is going on in this great Nation of ours. The gentleman has given me several opportunities to speak on issues pertaining to this country that are at the core of deci-sions and issues that we need to ad-dress, and his passion tonight is war-ranted. Let me say, never in my life did I think that I would be on the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives calling for the President of the United States to stop tearing children away from their parents. Yet here I am. Perhaps it is fitting that today is Juneteenth, a holiday to commemorate the end of slavery in the United States. Juneteenth is also a stark reminder that our country has a dark history of ripping children away from their par-ents. African Americans know all too well that laws and policies can be twisted to evil ends. We know all too well the pain of having our children torn away from us and our families separated. It was a common event during slavery. We know all too well that state-spon-sored psychological terror can have lasting effects on generations. What is going on at our south border is evil. It is a deplorable policy by de-plorable people, and it has to stop. The president of the American Acad-emy of Pediatrics has explained that the practice of ripping children away from their parents at the border is child abuse. Let me emphasize, one of the country’s leading pediatricians has said that the United States is engaging in horrible actions that ‘‘disrupt the synapses and the neurological connec-tions that are part of the developing brain’’ of these immigrant babies. Who are we as a nation? Now, I have heard pundits defending evil by saying that the Trump adminis-tration is just following the law, just applying the law. I have heard other pundits wrongly say migrant parents are breaking the law and deserve to have their children taken away. Attorney General Jeff Beauregard Sessions even trotted out the Bible to defend the family-separation policy, quoting a passage that says ‘‘to obey the laws of the government because God has ordained the government for his purposes.’’ That is the same scripture that they used for slave-owners against their slaves, to defend their practice of hold-ing human beings in bondage. So let me answer Attorney General Beauregard Sessions and the Trump ad-ministration’s goons: Legal does not mean moral. Slavery was legal, but it was im-moral. Jim Crow was legal, but it was immoral. Forced sterilization was legal, but it was immoral. Apartheid was legal, but it was immoral. Tearing children away from their parents at the border may be legal, but it is im-moral. The President could end this evil with one tweet. Congress can end it with a vote. Let us hope that reason-able people steer the ship of the state onto the right course before the seas of despair consume us all. Mr. Speaker, I say to the gentleman from California, let me just say that, as I thought about this, the gentleman has been in this body much longer than I and has seen people come and go, great people on both sides of the aisle that the gentleman has worked with. Well, let me just say, what has hap-pened? What has happened to that side of the aisle? What is going on with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle that they do not speak up? They all have children. I would die for my triplets getting here if I was in a position where I thought that my life and my children’s lives were in danger where I was. You had better believe I would come up here and try to get into this Nation. We would all do that for our children. Yet these people are criminals? It baffles the mind. I know that time is fleeting, but I have seen the GOP come up with a new nonprofit through this whole endeavor. They have created a new nonprofit, sir. It is called ‘‘Cage the Children.’’ Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman speaks about the laws and about the potential, and every member of the Democratic Caucus has now signed on to be a coauthor of the legis-lation, Keep the Families Together Act. It would end immediately the sep-aration of families that has now taken 2,300 children away from their parents. Mr. Speaker, joining us tonight is the Representative from the city of Las Vegas, Nevada. I thank him for joining us and yield to the gentleman from Ne-vada (Mr. KIHUEN ). Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) for organizing this hour to discuss a humanitarian issue that we are confronted with right now here in the United States of America. I thank him for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I just came back from the border this morning, and I am heartbroken. I am emotionally drained, and I am saddened for this country, the United States of America. Who would have ever thought, in the greatest, most powerful, richest country in the world, that we would be tearing kids apart from their mother and their fa-ther and putting them in cages? b2000 That is not the America that I know. I came to this country when I was 8 years old. I crossed that same border that I visited. My parents came here in pursuit of the American Dream. They came here because they knew if they worked hard and sacrificed that they would have a shot at the American Dream. That is all these kids and these fami-lies want, and just being there at the border and looking at those mothers straight in the eyes and them looking back at you with watery eyes, asking for help, this is not a Republican or Democrat issue. This is a humanitarian issue. This is about the future of Amer-ica. This is about humanity. This is about kids. And it hurts me to see that in the United States of America we are putting these same kids in cages. We made a call to the President to rescind this zero tolerance policy be-cause we want to keep these families together. These are not criminals. These are innocent families who are leaving persecution, who are trying to achieve a better life for their kids. Any family, any parent in the coun-try or anywhere else seeking a better life for their kids would do everything and anything to pursue a better life for their kids. So I am disappointed in our Presi-dent. I am disappointed in my col-leagues who refuse to speak up when we are seeing these images on TV of children in cages being treated like animals. That is not the America that I know. That is not the America that gave me and my family an opportunity to succeed. So, Mr. Speaker, I got emotional yes-terday being there at the border and remembering very vividly those mo-ments when my family crossed the bor-der. I remember it as if it was just yes-terday. And I couldn’t help but think that if somebody were to take me away from my father and mother at that pre-cise moment, what would I do? Who would I trust? Where would I go? I couldn’t even speak a word of English. I was 8 years old. I needed that love and those hugs from my mother and my father. So today I came back and I made a promise that I would fight for these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.085 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5278 June 19, 2018 
families, that I would fight for these kids, that I would fight for the future of America; the principles and the val-ues that make this country strong. That is the reason why I ran for office in the first place. That is the reason why we are serving in office in the first place. So I am here to call on the President to rescind the zero tolerance policy that is cruel, inhumane, and un-Amer-ican. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. K
IHUEN , I don’t want you to stop. I want you to stay strong. I want your voice to be heard. I want your experiences to be known. Eight years old, coming to America with your parents. In this room, there are very few who would share such an experience, who could understand first the excitement of being in America, and then the potential terror of being taken from your parents. I want you to make your voice heard because it is the voice of experience. It is the voice of a recent family coming to America. So as we go through these days, please come to the floor, tell the expe-rience again, not only of your family, but also what you saw in those shel-ters, in those cages. Will the gentleman do that? Mr. KIHUEN. I will. Mr. GARAMENDI. I am quite certain that across this country, every one of the 430-some Members of Congress saw this photo. Probably most have heard the audio recording of young children just like this calling out for their mommy or daddy, papa. I suspect many of us have seen the pictures of young children, 3, 4, 5 with a Sharpie telephone number on their chest so that if somehow they were separated, there would be someone to contact. I am certain that every Member, 430- plus of us, plus the Senate, that was a child, that at some point in their life, when they were young, 3, 4, 5 years of age, they were separated from their parent. And I am absolutely certain that each one of us knows the terror of that moment. And most of us are now parents. Most of us are now parents, and we know the terror of a child who has disappeared, wandered off. I don’t believe there is one of us that knows the terror of this mother whose child was taken away by American po-lice; the awesome power of this govern-ment imposed upon that young woman, a mother, taken from her child. Is there one of us? Is there one of us that has endured that police power? Okay. I get emotional about this be-cause I am a parent. No. I don’t know the terror of the po-lice state taking my child away. I don’t know that. But I know the terror of that child who has wandered off. This is a policy that has been im-posed upon parents and their children by the President. This is not a law that requires this kind of cruelty. There is no such law that requires this kind of cruelty. There is no law that requires the American government to cage chil-dren. There is no law that requires this. This is the policy of the President of the United States. This is his policy. Zero tolerance. His policy that cages children as though they were animals. His policy that puts the fear into a child. It is the President’s policy, not the law, that caused this young child to cry out for her mother and for the po-lice to stand over her. The Attorney General says it is the law. It is not the law. It is his policy, together with the President’s policy, that has created this humanitarian cri-sis in the United States of America. It must end. Martin Luther King—who was killed, murdered, assassinated 50 years ago— from the Birmingham jail spoke about justice and the law in his letter from the Birmingham jail. So, Mr. Attorney General Beauregard Sessions, listen to what he had to say. He said: ‘‘A just law is a manmade code that squares with the moral law or the law of God.’’ He went on to argue: ‘‘An unjust law is a code that is out of harmony with the moral law.’’ And how should justice be defined? He answered this way: ‘‘Any law that uplifts human personality is just. Any law that degrades human personality is unjust.’’ Mr. Attorney General, by the words of Martin Luther King, your defense of what you say is the law is unjust, it is immoral, and it is not the law of God. My wife, Patty, has what she calls cradle songs, songs that she sung to our children as they were young and growing. One of those was written by Bobby Dylan, Blowin’ in the Wind: 
Yes, and how many times can a man turn his head Pretending that he just doesn’t see? Yes, and how many ears must one man have Before he can hear people cry? 
And, Mr. President and Mr. Attorney General, the opening line of that song is this: 
How many roads must a man walk down Before you call him a man? 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
SUCCESS OF THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. L
EWIS) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I am here today to bring good news. Good news that often in this 24/7 media cycle goes unnoticed, unremarked. b2015 It is the good news of legislation that works. It is the good news that creates a growing and rising tide of economic prosperity for all families, including, most importantly, the children of fam-ilies who rely on their parents’ income in a growing economy. I am here tonight to talk about the unheralded success of something called the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Rarely has one piece of legislation been so success-ful so quickly, and rarely have so many, at least on one side of the aisle, predicted its success with so much ac-curacy. We are now, according to a number of analysts, including the Atlanta Federal Reserve, set to grow at over 4 percent the next quarter. Consider that over the last decade, if not longer, we have barely been able to scratch the surface at 2 percent GDP growth. Now, after the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, after more investment in America, after more repatriation of profits com-ing home to invest, after labor and cap-ital coming together because our Tax Code now incentivizes labor and capital to come together, we are seeing wages going up. We are seeing more capital invest-ment. We are seeing bigger paychecks. We are seeing economic growth over 4 percent. We are seeing utility compa-nies offer rebates under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act because they have to pass through the savings they got from tax reform to customers. It is remarkable how so many of our friends in the fourth estate seem to have forgotten all the warnings about tax reform and tax relief. Oh, I remem-ber it well, Mr. Speaker. Last fall, last winter: This is going to be crumbs. It is going to be Armageddon. It is going to be a disaster if we pass the greatest tax reform in over 3 decades. Now, some of us on the other side of the aisle, the Republican side of the aisle, said: ‘‘Wait a minute.’’ Secretary of the Treasury Andrew Mellon under Calvin Coolidge in the 1920s first em-barked on increasing the return for labor for capital investment, for eco-nomic growth. What happened in the Roaring Twenties? It led to a balanced budget. Then, of course, in the 1960s— and this is what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle seem to forget— old-school Democrats like John F. Ken-nedy went to The Economic Club of New York in 1962 and said: What this economy needs in 1962 to break out of the doldrums is a tax cut. 
JFK said in that famous speech: ‘‘Our practical choice is not between a tax- cut deficit and a budgetary surplus. It is between two kinds of deficits: a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.087 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5279 June 19, 2018 
chronic deficit of inertia, as the un-wanted result of inadequate revenues and a restricted economy, or a tem-porary deficit of transition, resulting from a tax cut designed to boost the economy, increase tax revenues, and achieve, I believe—and I believe this can be done—a budget surplus. The first type of deficit,’’ Kennedy warned, ‘‘is the sign of waste and weakness. The second reflects an investment in the future.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, if there ever was an investment in the future, it is the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. So JFK got his tax cut enacted after his tragic death, and what happened in the 1960s? We had lower rates, but we had more revenue. Now, how is that possible? Our critics of our tax reform say: Oh, you can’t cut rates and have more rev-enue. It is amazing how many people know so little about modern business. If you are sitting in your local hardware store, if you have unwanted inventory, what is the first thing you do to move product? You lower the price. Why? Be-cause you lower the price to sell more goods and services, albeit at a lower price, but a volume increase for more revenue. It happened during the 1978 capital gains tax cut, the Steiger amendment, when we cut capital gains rates and, actually, revenue went up. Every single time we have cut tax rates in the mod-ern era, the ‘‘revenue loss’’ has been nowhere near the predictions. So in the 1960s, what happened? We had lower rates, and we had a balanced budget by 1969. Higher revenues grew. Fast forward to the 1980s. We had the doldrums of the Carter-malaise era when we were told that the era of pros-perity was over. We had to put on our cardigan sweaters, button them up, and turn down the thermostat because the good times were not coming back. Get used to it. Ronald Reagan comes on board. He is pushed by the supply side movement of 1970s and 1980s, and the Kemp-Roth tax cut. And he enacts in 1981—in those days, a Democratic Congress when Democrats realized that economic growth was actually a good thing and you want to celebrate it, they enact Kemp-Roth, bringing the top rate down from 70 to 50 percent. Now, there was a delay in 1982, you might recall, but then the tax cuts fi-nally kicked in, in 1983. By 1984, it was morning in America again. Revenues when Ronald Reagan took office were about $580 billion. By the time the 1980s were over, Federal reve-nues were almost $1 trillion. How could it be? How could it be that you cut tax rates and you almost double revenue? This is an amazing phenomenon that our critics of tax reform just won’t heed. They won’t understand. They don’t want to see it. They don’t want to hear it. But it is ironic. What is the first thing that folks who say they want to reduce teenage smoking advo-cate? Mr. Speaker, they advocate rais-ing the taxes on cigarettes. Why? Be-cause when you raise taxes on some-thing, you get less of it. You get less activity. Why is it that if you buy a bond, a 30- year bond or a bond in the open market that is taxable, you demand a higher interest rate, but if you buy a tax-ex-empt bond you will take a lower rate? Because people do not work for pretax income. They work for after-tax in-come. And when you lower the mar-ginal tax rates and you increase after- tax income, more people work. More people invest. It happened in the 1920s. It happened in the 1960s. It happened in the 1980s. And guess what? It is happening right now. We have a 4.8 percent growth, 4.5 per-cent growth. Who knows, it may just be 4 percent growth, but considering that we have been at 1.9 percent growth for so long, this is the miracle that keeps on giving and yet won’t be ac-knowledged. Mr. Speaker, I will tell you why it won’t be acknowledged by the other side, because not one of them voted for it. Imagine, a tax bill that doubles the childcare tax credit; a tax bill that lowers the tax rates for mom-and-pop pass-through businesses by letting them deduct the first 20 percent of in-come; a tax bill that says you don’t have to itemize any more to get a big-ger deduction, and we are going to dou-ble your standard deduction; a tax bill that puts America’s corporations in line with the rest of the world, not pe-nalizing America’s corporations com-pared to the rest of the world. Now we have foreign profits coming back. We have more mom-and-pop busi-nesses expanding. And we have a rising tide of economic growth, a rising tide that lifts all boats. I thought that is what this body was here to do. We are not here to pick out groups, pick out winners and losers, to have some sort of industrial policy where a command-and-control central government decides who wins and who doesn’t. You only gain if you are a po-litical entrepreneur. The folks out in the real world, busi-nesses and capitalists, they invest for an economic return. But government all too often invests for a political re-turn. We have seen that form of crony capitalism, and it gave us 1.9 percent economic growth. Now, instead of carve-outs and loopholes, instead of fa-voring some States that like to tax their citizens over States that don’t, we have lower rates, broader but lower rates for everyone, and loopholes for fewer, which means economic growth is going to be determined by an economic return. I don’t know how else to describe this. It is an amazing success story in the 115th Congress. Yet you would never know it listening to the other side, listening to our friends in the fourth estate. It is the story they don’t want you to know. But I am here to give you good news. The economic growth that is occurring will keep occurring because people now have confidence. The green shoots are back. The animal spirits are back. Peo-ple are excited to be in America. They feel good about their country. They feel this is a place where they can fly as high as their wings can take them without being hindered by the strong arm of the state. That is what the American Dream is about. That is what the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is about. And that is what be-lieving in America is about. I am proud to have played a part in it, however small, and I am proud of Congress for passing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is great to hear my friend Congressman L
EWIS. He does a great job explaining such matters. We had an interesting combined hearing today in the Judiciary Com-mittee and the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee. We heard from the inspector general of the De-partment of Justice, Mr. Horowitz. It was interesting testimony. But having reviewed the record, it is interesting, because he quoted pros-ecutor one, prosecutor two, agent one, agent two, agent three, these different people, different prosecutors, different agents that he was relying on; their comments, their opinions, their sugges-tions; the SSA, Supervisory Special Agent, recommendation and comments on things that should have been and should have not been; and things that were proper and improper. But we had no information who these people were. The whole reason for the inspector general investigation was because of the massive amount of clear bias that had been unearthed within the Depart-ment of Justice, including the FBI that is, of course, under the Department of Justice. So we are being asked to accept all this information from the inspector general when so much of it depends on the opinions and the comments and the assessments of people whose identity we didn’t even know. So not only did we not know their identity, we don’t know if they have texts and emails that are just as con-demning of Donald Trump and lauda-tory of Hillary Rodham Clinton. We don’t know what their positions are. And we found out from the inspector general that he didn’t make any in-quiry. He didn’t check on them. But I know from my days trying cases as a prosecutor, or as a felony judge in Texas, the lawyers, when they are picking a jury, as to who will sit in judgment on their case, they have a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.089 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5280 June 19, 2018 
right to know the biases and preju-dices, or potential biases and preju-dices, of anyone who may be sitting in judgment on their case. So that is why voir dire, as we say in Texas, is al-lowed, questions of the potential ju-rors. Normally, how one votes is com-pletely inappropriate to ask about. That is a secret ballot for a good rea-son. However, if one of the people on the ballot is the defendant in the case, is a civilian party in a civil case, then the attorneys are going to want to find out: Were you for or against this per-son? Did you have a bumper sticker for this person or against this person? Did you have a sign in your yard? Did you go around doing block walks trying to push for this candidate? And as a judge, I know defendants’ attorneys. If it were a defendant who had been a candidate, they would be pushing to ask those questions, to find out those questions, and it could lead to challenges for cause in Texas courts—I think in Federal courts as well. b2030 Even if it didn’t, I have heard defense attorneys argue many times: We can-not adequately exercise our preemp-tory strikes if we don’t know about po-tential biases. So we need to know: Did they support this candidate? Were they against this candidate? I know initially the response of one of my Democratic friends was: Gee, we never ask about how somebody voted. No, we don’t. It is not appropriate— unless someone who is on the ballot is being judged in that court. The same should be true for a grand jury. The same should be true for anybody who is going to pass judgment, and that should also include the people who are charged with bringing forth justice, not the concept of ‘‘just us’’ we have experienced during the recent two terms, but the concept of true justice. Proverbs talks about the blessed na-ture of a government that doesn’t judge because somebody is rich, doesn’t judge because somebody is poor, doesn’t give more favor to somebody who is rich, and isn’t biased for some-body because they are poor, but does make just decisions based on the case, not on someone’s social standing, be it rich or poor. Some are tempted to be biased for the poor, some biased for the rich. But real justice is just following the law regardless of someone’s back-ground. So it is a bit of an anathema, it seems, that you have got an inspector general report based on people who may have worse biases than the people whom they are judging. We don’t even know. So I was a little surprised by that. We had a record of over 500 pages that was just full of some of the worst illustrations of biases ever imaginable. It was interesting. I didn’t realize, but apparently back, I believe it was in 2012, there was a case that was lost that the Justice Department was pros-ecuting during the Eric Holder days. I had never seen this information until today and didn’t see it until after the hearing, but apparently it was even one case where the jurors found somebody not guilty because information came in about the same kind of texting and emails that we were seeing regarding the hatred by some in the Justice De-partment and the FBI against Donald Trump and for Hillary Clinton. There was a time when the Federal Department of Justice and the FBI were considered the best law enforce-ment, the best at providing justice anywhere in the world. That time is not now. In fact, we know that under Eric Holder and Attorney General Lynch, the U.S. Department of Justice went after police departments, local law enforcement, and using the power and almost unlimited money of the De-partment of Justice, they could over-whelm and force a local law enforce-ment office into agreeing to a consent decree where the U.S. Department of Justice got to basically supervise whatever they did. Based on the kind of prejudice, bias, and outrageous actions within the United States Department of Justice and the FBI, it looks like some of those police departments that ended up agreeing to consent judgments might be better off suing the U.S. Department of Justice, exposing how biased and prejudiced they were during the period during which the Department of Jus-tice came after them and was trying to supervise them, show how biased and prejudiced they were. So maybe the local police department should end up getting to tell the Department of Jus-tice when they are acting appro-priately and when they are not. For heaven’s sake, it is just incred-ible how such a great justice organiza-tion has been not just compromised, but devastated like a cancerous preju-dice and bias, incapable of rendering fair, blind decisions without regard for any bias in favor of or against a liti-gant. What a change. What a difference. President Obama is right. He did fun-damentally transform America. I real-ly would never have thought we would see the Justice Department after those 8 years end up like it is. It didn’t come out in the hearing, but I was given to understand that after the shock subsided somewhat of Donald Trump winning November 2016 that there was a massive effort just at a rapid pace to try to move people who had been politically appointed by the Obama administration in the Depart-ment of Justice and the Department of State, but especially DOJ, Homeland Security, political appointees, trying to get them into civil service jobs so that the Trump administration would not be easily able to get rid of them as every other administration does. When a new administration comes in, the political appointees tender their resignations. Most are accepted, some are not. But instead of doing some-thing like that, what we were hearing was that the Obama administration was trying to put them into cubbyhole civil service jobs, so that basically they could still utilize the prejudices and biases that were built up during the Obama administration. It is just such a dangerous time. As I was sitting there for the hearing, it dawned on me that the kind of bias, just rabid prejudice and hatred not only for a candidate, but the disgust that was on parade in the texts, the email messages, just extraordinary, but that that kind of bias and prejudice may very well be the second biggest threat to Federal justice in America. It is a cancerous bias. It is probably a cancerous bias in stage IV where it just is eating its way through, creating big holes where there was once a solid Justice Department. What occurred to me was that that may be the second biggest threat to Federal justice in America, that can-cerous bias. But perhaps the biggest threat to Federal justice in America is that I think for the first time in Amer-ican history, you have one of two major political parties has about half of the country’s support without any-body being horribly offended that this kind of bias and prejudice was driving a Justice Department. I keep going back to when President George W. Bush was in the White House, and when we found out about the abuses of the National Security Letters, FBI agents just sending them out willy-nilly, just sending them out on fishing expeditions. That was not authorized. That was not lawful. Some-body needed to pay a price. In retrospect, it is directly, as Robert Mueller said, that was his responsi-bility, his fault. Yes, it was. He should have been fired. He should never have been allowed to get close to anything attempting to pervert justice in Amer-ica. Unfortunately, he wormed his way in through his joined-at-the-hip buddy, Comey, leaking information in order to get a second counsel, that second coun-sel being his joined-at-the-hip buddy, Mr. Mueller. He should never have al-lowed that to happen. If it was a fair and just Justice Department, Rosen-stein would have recused himself, Mueller would have recused himself and said: I am not the proper person to do this special counsel job because of my strong friendship, maybe even mentorship—whatever you want to call it—with James Comey; and also the fact that I was FBI Director working with the U.S. Attorney named Rosen-stein, and my go-to guy, Weissmann, and we were the ones who were inves-tigating Russia’s illegal efforts to ob-tain United States uranium. Of course, they helped quash infor-mation about that so that the Commis-sion on Foreign Investment in the United States could approve the sale, that would open the way for bene-ficiaries of that sale to donate $145 mil-lion to the Clinton Foundation as well 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.091 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5281 June 19, 2018 
as paying off Bill Clinton to make speeches for a short amount of time. There is just so much that stinks to high heaven here in Washington. We don’t even know anything about the biases and prejudices of those peo-ple on whom Mr. Horowitz was relying to reach his conclusions. But it is worth looking at some of the things that were recommended. For example, you had a man named Pagliano—and this is according to the Horowitz report—Pagliano was a crit-ical witness because he set up the serv-er that Clinton used during her tenure. In other words, he set up the unse-cured server which we now know was hacked. And I think my friend Andrew McCarthy makes a great point in an article today when he points out the mere setting up of that unsecured serv-er out from under the government watch for the purpose, according to James Carville—he may have been try-ing to make a joke, but it actually was an indication of the mindset of the Clintons, when he said: Hillary didn’t want L
OUIE GOHMERT rifling through her emails. She didn’t want proper oversight, so she intentionally and knowingly had a server set up that was not secure, was out from under government protection and control, also knowing she might be able to get away with not turning in emails because they were not under government control. How there could be 500-plus pages of bias shown in this report, and then a conclusion that there is no evidence of any bias in the investigation? My gosh, that is a lay-down, slam-dunk prosecu-tion right there. You could have in-dicted Mr. Pagliano, who was certainly far more responsible for potential crime than Mr. Manafort is, clearly. In the Horowitz report he says: The supervising special agent told us that the FBI did not consider Pagliano a subject or someone they would pros-ecute in connection with the midyear— talking about the Hillary Clinton in-vestigation. The FBI believed his testi-mony was very important and pro-viding immunity was an effective way to secure his testimony. So this guy sets up the unsecured server, and it carried we now know for certain classified information. b2045 We knew there was going to be a good chance he would have had to have known that. But if that supervising special agent and the Horowitz team had not been so favorably inclined not to find any wrongdoing, then certainly they would have recognized that this is a guy who could and should have been indicted. Of course, I don’t advocate that peo-ple be unfairly treated as Paul Manafort was, where you go busting down his door in the early morning hours when you know he is not a threat; there is no reason to bust down a door in those early morning hours, no reason to ransack a house, other than trying to intimidate. But nobody tried to do anything, not even indicting or bringing him before a grand jury to potentially pursue him, because the prosecutors, many of them have told me: Man, this is a real easy one, much easier than organized crime. All you have to do is go after Pagliano, go after a couple of these other people, and once they see they are looking at years in prison, yes, they will tell you exactly what Hillary Clinton told them and others told them. And then you go to the next one and make the case that that testimony gives you. None of that was done. It was all done in a way to protect Hillary Clin-ton, no question. That report talks about Combetta. It says Paul Combetta is the one that later wiped emails from that private server in March of 2015. The report says that the investigation’s team members told the inspector general Combetta was an important witness for several reasons, including his involvement with the culling process and the dele-tion of emails and his interactions with several people who worked for Clinton. Several of the midyear—they call them midyear; it is the Clinton team members—stated that, after con-ducting two voluntary interviews of Combetta, they believe Combetta had not been forthcoming about, among other things, his role in deleting emails from the PRN server following the issues of a congressional preservation order. The witness further stated that Combetta’s truthful testimony was es-sential for assessing criminal intent for Clinton and other individuals because he would be able to tell them whether Clinton’s attorneys, Mills, Samuelson, or Kendall, had instructed him to de-lete the emails. So this is the way you work up through a prosecution. They didn’t in-dict Combetta. This says the super-vising special agent told us he believed Combetta should have been charged with false statements for lying mul-tiple times. Well, if that had happened, then you go to him and you say: This is how many years you are looking at. I have seen incredibly professional FBI agents in the field do just that: Here is what you are looking at. You are going to talk to your lawyer. You are going to decide what to do. We want you to see the evidence we have. Then they would lay out the evi-dence: Here is evidence that might help. You might think it is excul-patory, but we here is the evidence that we have that we believe will over-whelm that. It is incriminating. We are not wanting you to make a statement now. You talk to your lawyer. See if you would like to assist us. Then when you realize that, wow, their evidence is overwhelming, I am dead meat, I am going to prison, then let’s see what kind of deal we can make. Then you make a proffer: Here is what my client will say if you will give us this plea agreement or this agree-ment, maybe an immunity agreement, you work that out. That is how you go about proving a case. None of that was done. The FBI and the Department of Justice attorneys, people who absolutely loved and wor-shiped Hillary Clinton and absolutely despised and hated Donald Trump didn’t do any of that. They protected the people who would have been crit-ical witnesses. We get around to Mr. John Bentel. He worked at the State Department for 39 years. Here is what the IG report said: Both agents who interviewed Bentel told us that he was uncooperative and the interview was unproductive. How-ever, they attributed these problems to nervousness and fear of being found culpable. Agent three—whoever that was, with whatever biases he had—told us that he did not believe that immunity was nec-essary and it did not help the inves-tigation because Bentel was not forth-coming during his interview. That makes no sense. That is the kind of guy where you go ahead and you have got enough evidence, you in-dict him, and then he gets a little more cooperative through his lawyer. The guy helped commit crimes, apparently. Then you see about getting more co-operation when he is looking at being convicted and doing a long time in prison. But he did not have any of that done. There was not even a threat of prosecu-tion. He wasn’t prosecuted because bias affected the outcome of the Hillary Clinton email investigation. If he had been prosecuted, he would likely have been quite cooperative as a witness in establishing what really happened. But he knew he was guilty. He had a guilty conscience, which is obvious from what these people said in their statements. So what about Cheryl Mills? She was treated as if she were an attorney for Hillary Clinton. She was allowed to sit in on the interview of Hillary Clinton that was not recorded, and, basically, she was assured in advance that she would be given a pass. But Cheryl Mills is one who actually went through the Clinton emails. Be-cause of her position, she was in a posi-tion to make sure they did not turn over any emails that would have in-criminated Cheryl and Hillary Clinton. And instead of doing anything that would have brought that to light, they give her an immunity deal. They let her consult. There is a massive question here of conspiring to obstruct justice, yet they gave them a pass. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Horowitz really did appear as if he were trying to do some-thing so that he could kind of say he was placating two different sides. On the one hand, over 500 pages absolutely documenting the horrendous bias and prejudice that permeated an actually cancerous kind of bias that was eating through the Department of Justice and FBI, then turns around and gave Demo-crats what they would hope to have: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.093 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5282 June 19, 2018 
Oh, no, there was no evidence that bias affected the investigation. Well, how about the fact that there is no attorney-client privilege if an attor-ney and a client are conspiring to ob-struct justice or are absolutely ob-structing justice? In such a case, you don’t give immu-nity to the attorney, the counselor, po-tential codefendant, and say: Here, you go through the evidence and you tell us what you are going to let us have, and then you destroy anything at all that you think might not be helpful to you and Mrs. Clinton and give us what you think will be safe to give us. It is absolutely incredible. The very fact that that was done, that she was allowed to sit in on the interview, she was allowed to go through and screen the emails for her and her client that could have shown any possible crimes there is an outrage. We need a second special counsel, and we need it now. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6, SUBSTANCE USE-DIS-ORDER PREVENTION THAT PRO-MOTES OPIOID RECOVERY AND TREATMENT FOR PATIENTS AND COMMUNITIES ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5797, INDIVIDUALS IN MEDICAID DESERVE CARE THAT IS APPRO-PRIATE AND RESPONSIBLE IN ITS EXECUTION ACT; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6082, OVERDOSE PREVEN-TION AND PATIENT SAFETY ACT Mr. BURGESS (during the Special Order of Mr. G
OHMERT ), from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–766) on the resolution (H. Res. 949) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to pro-vide for opioid use disorder prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5797) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid serv-ices for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental diseases; and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6082) to amend the Public Health Service Act to pro-tect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. STIVERS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of his flight being canceled. Mr. C
LYBURN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on ac-count of travel delay due to weather. Mrs. N
APOLITANO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2652. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason; to the Committee on Financial Services. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 9 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and sec-ond quarters of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JONAS W. MILLER, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 30 AND MAY 5, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Jonas Miller ............................................................. 4 /30 5 /5 Kuwait ..................................... .............. .................... 1,746.66 .................... 12,539.01 .................... .................... .............. ...... 14,285.67 5 /2 5 /3 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 66.00 .................... 4,650.00 ... ................. .................... .................... 4,716.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 19,001.67 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. JONAS W. MILLER, May 24, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5213. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the status of FY 2018 Rescission Proposals, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 685(e); Public Law 93-344, Sec. 1014(e); (88 Stat. 335) (H. Doc. No. 115—134); to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed. 5214. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing three officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5215. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General William D. Beydler, United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursu-ant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5216. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Robert L. Caslen, Jr., United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5217. A letter from the Assistant Secretary (Civil Works), Department of the Army, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the 2018 Corrosion Prevention Report, pursuant to 33 U.S.C. 2350(d); Public Law 113-121, Sec. 1033(d) (as amended by Public Law 114-322, Sec. 1142); (130 Stat. 1658); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5218. A letter from the Administrator, Rural Housing Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s pro-posed rule — Single Family Housing Guaran-teed Loan Program (RIN: 0575-AD10) received June 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN7.095 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5283 June 19, 2018 
5219. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s interim final requirement — State Fiscal Stabilization Fund Program [Docket ID: ED-2011-OS-0010] (RIN: 1894-AA03) received June 15, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5220. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Health, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Policy for the Protec-tion of Human Subjects: Six Month Delay of the General Compliance Date of Revisions While Allowing the Use of Three Burden-Re-ducing Provisions during the Delay Period (RIN: 0937-AA05) received June 18, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5221. A letter from the Administrator, En-vironmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting a report entitled, ‘‘FY 2017 Superfund Five-Year Review Report to Congress’’, pur-suant to Sec. 121(c) of the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation and Li-ability Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5222. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Enforcement Guidance Memorandum — Interim Guidance for Dispositioning Apparent Violations of 10 CFR Parts 34, 36, and 39 Requirements Re-sulting from the Use of Direct Ion Storage Dosimetry During Licensed Activities [EGM- 18-001] received June 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5223. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — NRC Regulatory Issue Summary 2002-22, Supplement 1, Clarifica-tion on Endorsement of Nuclear Energy In-stitute Guidance in Designing Digital Up-grades in Instrumentation and Control Sys-tems received June 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5224. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s NUREG Revision — Consolidated Guidance About Materials Licenses: Pro-gram-Specific Guidance About Possession Licenses for Manufacturing and Distribution [NUREG-1556, Volume 12, Revision 1] re-ceived June 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5225. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Rough Diamonds Control Regulations re-ceived June 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 5226. A letter from the Officer, Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5227. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Office of Inspector General for the 6-month period of October 1, 2017, to March 31, 2018, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, (Public Law 95-452); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5228. A letter from the President and Chief Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh’s 2017 State-ment on the System of Internal Controls and 2017 audited financial statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 5229. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s summary presentation of interim rules — Federal Acquisition Regu-lation: Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-99; Introduction [Docket No.: FAR 2018-0001, Se-quence No.: 3] received June 15, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5230. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting an action on nomination and a designation of an acting officer, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 200. A bill to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–758). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5676. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to authorize the suspension of payments by Medicare pre-scription drug plans and MA–PD plans pend-ing investigations of credible allegations of fraud by pharmacies; with an amendment (Rept. 115–759, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5723. A b1ll to require the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to report on opioid payment, adverse incen-tives, and data under the Medicare program; with an amendment (Rept. 115–760, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5773. A b1ll to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require Medicare prescription drug plans to establish drug management programs for at-risk bene-ficiaries, require electronic prior authoriza-tion for covered part D drugs, and to provide for other program integrity measures under parts C and D of the Medicare program; with an amendment (Rept. 115–761, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5774. A b1ll to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop guidance on pain management and opioid use disorder prevention for hospitals receiving payment under part A of the Medi-care program, provide for opioid quality measures development, and provide for a technical expert panel on reducing surgical setting opioid use and data collection on perioperative opioid use, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–762, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5775. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require Medicare Advantage plans and part D pre-scription drug plan to include information on the risks associated with opioids, cov-erage of certain nonopioid treatments used to treat pain, and on the safe disposal of pre-scription drugs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–763, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5776. A bill to amend title XVIII to provide for Medicare coverage of certain services furnished by opioid treat-ment programs, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–764, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. CALVERT: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 6147. A bill making appropria-tions for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–765). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 949. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to provide for opioid use disorder prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5797) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid services for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental dis-eases; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6082) to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records (Rept. 115–766). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5723 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5774 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5775 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself and Ms. P
LASKETT ): H.R. 6132. A bill to provide for parity for Guam and the United States Virgin Islands under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act and the Child Nutrition Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6133. A bill to deter opioid abuse and addiction through the development of high- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19JN7.000 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5284 June 19, 2018 
quality, evidence-based opioid analgesic pre-scribing guidelines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6134. A bill to clarify standards of family detention and the treatment of unac-companied alien children, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Ms. L
OF-
GREN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. P A-
NETTA , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. M ENG, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. R
USH, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. L EE, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mrs. M UR-
PHY of Florida, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. M OORE , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. E VANS , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. H
IMES, Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. B ERA, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S OTO, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. C RIST, Mr. K IND, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. KEATING , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. H ECK, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Ms. P
LASKETT , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Mr. V ELA, Mr. L AMB, and Mr. L
AWSON of Florida): H.R. 6135. A bill to limit the separation of families at or near ports of entry; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. D
ENHAM ): H.R. 6136. A bill to amend the immigration laws and provide for border security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, Agriculture, Natural Resources, Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, Ways and Means, Energy and Com-merce, Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, the Budget, and Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Mr. V
ELA, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. M ENG, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. C LAY, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. K IL-
MER, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. R EICHERT , Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P IN-
GREE , and Mr. P ALLONE ): H.R. 6137. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ex-pand access to school-wide arts and music programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NUNES (for himself and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 6138. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for ambula-tory surgical center representation during the review of hospital outpatient payment rates under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUIZENGA (for himself and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California): H.R. 6139. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a study to evaluate the issues affecting the provision of and reliance upon investment research into small issuers; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. FLORES (for himself and Mr. MCNERNEY ): H.R. 6140. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish and carry out a program to support the availability of HA-LEU for do-mestic commercial use, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 6141. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to develop a report on a pilot pro-gram to site, construct, and operate micro- reactors at critical national security loca-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 6142. A bill to authorize a joint action plan and report on drug waste; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 6143. A bill to ensure that health in-surance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from pro-viding certain information to enrollees; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 6144. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from re-stricting pharmacies from informing individ-uals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE): H.R. 6145. A bill to provide safeguards with respect to the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion criminal background checks prepared for employment purposes, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mrs. L
ESKO , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. G
ALLEGO ): H.R. 6146. A bill to authorize, direct, expe-dite, and facilitate a land exchange in Yavapai County, Arizona, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 6148. A bill to require reporting of bul-lying to appropriate authorities and assist with equal protection claims against entities who fail to respond appropriately to bul-lying, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for her-self, Mr. S
IMPSON , and Mr. G OSAR ): H.R. 6149. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come certain Federally-subsidized loan re-payments for dental school faculty; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself and Mr. P
ETERSON ): H.R. 6150. A bill to establish the Rural Ex-port Center, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 6151. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to notify qualifying vet-erans of a covered change of service reducing or eliminating a medical service provided at a medical facility of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19JN7.100 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5285 June 19, 2018 
By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6152. A bill to provide that an indi-vidual who uses marijuana in compliance with State law may not be denied occupancy of federally assisted housing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6153. A bill to amend the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997 to repeal a specific criminal penalty on a person in the District of Columbia for obstructing a bridge between the District of Columbia and the Common-wealth of Virginia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6154. A bill to establish a pilot pro-gram for emergency medical systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6155. A bill to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require investment advisers who advise a private fund that owns an emergency services company to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission the average response times of emergency ve-hicles deployed by such company in response to 9-1-1 calls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. ROBY (for herself, Mr. R
OGERS  of Alabama, Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. B
YRNE , and Mr. P ALM-
ER): H. Res. 947. A resolution expressing support for the designation of July 9 as ‘‘Warrant Of-ficer Day’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. L
EE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. R
USH, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California, Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. M
EEKS , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. S
OTO, and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER ): H. Res. 948. A resolution recognizing June 19, 2018, as this year’s observance of the his-torical significance of Juneteenth Independ-ence Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. W
ALZ): H. Res. 950. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of June 18 through June 22, 2018, as National GI Bill Commemoration Week; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18; and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article 1, Section 8, Clause I By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 6135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 4 provides Con-gress with the power to establish a ‘‘uniform rule of Naturalization.’’ By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 6136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution—The Congress shall have Power to establish a uniform Rule of Natu-ralization, and uniform Laws on the subject Bankruptcies throughout the United States. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 6138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.R. 6139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 6140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 6141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constutition By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 6142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 6143. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 6144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I ofthe United States Constitution. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6145. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 & Clause 18 of the Constitution By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 6146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-erty Clause). Under this clause, Congress has the power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. By virtue of this enumerated power, Congress has governing authority over the lands, ter-ritories, or other property of the United States- and with this authority Congress is vested with the power to all owners in fee, the ability to sell, lease, dispose, exchange, convey, or simply preserve land. The Su-preme Court has described this enumerated grant as one ‘‘without limitation’’ Kleppe v New Mexico, 426 U.S. 529, 542–543 (1976) (‘‘And while the furthest reaches of the power granted by the Property Clause have not been definitely resolved, we have repeatedly observed that the power over the public land thus entrusted to Congress is without limita-tion.’’) Historically, the federal government trans-ferred ownership of federal property to either private ownership or the states in order to pay off large Revolutionary War debts and to assist with the development of infrastruc-ture. The transfers codified by this legisla-tion are thus constitutional. Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 6147. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6148. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 6149. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clari-fied and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6150. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is in clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 6151. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19JN7.100 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5286 June 19, 2018 
By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6152. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6153. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6154. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6155. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 99: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 173: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 200: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 303: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 445: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 592: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 632: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 671: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 712: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 795: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 858: Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, Ms. B
ASS, and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 936: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 959: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 1038: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 1150: Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 1171: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1204: Mrs. W
AGNER and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 1223: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1270: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1316: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 1318: Mr. K
ILMER and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 1511: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 1516: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1661: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1683: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 1734: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina and Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 1817: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1824: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1832: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 1847: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1876: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 1881: Mrs. N
OEMand Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 2043: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. D
ELAURO , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 2230: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 2234: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 2315: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 2345: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. B ROWN of Mary- land, Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 2417: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2452: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 2495: Mr. H
IMES and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 2508: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2572: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2583: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2846: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2913: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 3136: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 3148: Mrs. D
EMINGS and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3273: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3635: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 3742: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3923: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. H ECK, Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3941: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3960: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 3976: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 3987: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4025: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4099: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. N EAL. H.R. 4253: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 4256: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. Z
ELDIN , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 4391: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4473: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 4490: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 4516: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4518: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 4548: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 4571: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 4647: Ms. G
RANGER and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 4665: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 4704: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4779: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4835: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 4940: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4983: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 4985: Mr. O
LSON and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5011: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 5107: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 5138: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 5161: Mr. K
HANNA and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 5162: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 5163: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5199: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 5288: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 5321: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 5343: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 5358: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 5402: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 5414: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 5542: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 5564: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 5588: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 5606: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 5626: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 5634: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 5671: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 5697: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 5701: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 5709: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5732: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 5763: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 5774: Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 5885: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 5912: Mr. H
ECKand Mr. G IANFORTE . H.R. 5942: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 5948: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. N ORMAN , Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 5949: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 5950: Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. M OORE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington. H.R. 5965: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 6012: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 6015: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 6018: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 6031: Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C
RAMER , and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 6042: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 6046: Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. L
OFGREN , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 6048: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 6059: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 6075: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. B ASS, Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 6079: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 6080: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex- ico. H.R. 6081: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 6089: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 6103: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl- vania, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 6108: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 6117: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 6124: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.J. Res. 129: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.J. Res. 135: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. K INGof New York. H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H. Con. Res. 123: Mr. K
IHUEN . H. Res. 15: Mr. P
EARCE . H. Res. 349: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 395: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, and Ms. M
ATSUI . H. Res. 401: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. P AULSEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.038 H19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5287 June 19, 2018 
H. Res. 405: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. R OSEN , and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H. Res. 593: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H. Res. 907: Mr. N
ORMAN . H. Res. 913: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. S
OTO. H. Res. 926: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H. Res. 927: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. D ELANEY , and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H. Res. 943: Ms. G
ABBARD and Ms. J AYAPAL . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 6, the ‘‘Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The Manager’s amendment to be offered to H.R. 6, Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treat-ment for Patients and Communities Act, by Representative W
ALDEN of Oregon, or a des-ignee, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative R
USH(IL) or a designee to H.R. 5797, the IMD CARE Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
111. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose an amendment to the United States Con-stitution, pursuant to Article V, that would prohibit a President of the United States from pardoning himself or herself for any high crime or misdemeanor that he or she might have committed; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN7.056 H19JNPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4011 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 2018 No. 102 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, today give our lawmakers zeal with knowledge that they will order their priorities for Your glory. Remind them to strive to bring deliverance to captives, the recovery of sight to the morally blind, and freedom to the downtrodden. As our Senators make plans, give them faith to know that Your purposes will prevail. As they cultivate reverence for You, bless them with life, security, and peace. May they remember that You are able to do immeasurably, abundantly above all that they can ask or imagine ac-cording to Your power working in and through them. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER APPROPRIATIONS BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, one of the top goals for the Senate this year was to recover a regular appro-priations process. It has been a long time since the system worked as in-tended. The spending agreement we passed in March achieved several critical objec-tives. It broke the arbitrary limits on funding for our Armed Forces. It deliv-ered the largest year-on-year increase in resources for our troops in more than a decade. It provided record levels of veterans funding, with increased oversight and modernization. It se-cured major resources for infrastruc-ture improvements. It took steps to prevent school violence. It scaled up research, treatment, and prevention funding to fight opioid addiction. It was a product of bipartisan, bicameral negotiations with the White House. But while the spending agreement achieved a lot, it wasn’t anybody’s best case scenario. No Senator on either side of the aisle was thrilled with the process, nor was the President, nor were the American people. We all agreed that we owe Americans a more functional process for allo-cating their hard-earned money. So here in the Senate, we made it a top bi-partisan priority to bring some regular order back into the process. Led by Chairman SHELBY , Ranking Member L
EAHY , and all the sub-committee leadership, our Appropria-tions Committee has engaged in pre-cisely the kind of thorough, considered committee work that ought to define the appropriations process. Thanks to their hard work, the full Senate can now take up this package, which in-cludes appropriations for Energy and Water Development, Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs, and the legislative branch. We will be consid-ering it on the floor this week. Keeping families and communities safe, defending our Nation, and upgrad-ing our economic foundation, the En-ergy and Water components in this leg-islation address each of these national priorities. For example, they provide for critical improvements in the safe-ty, security, and readiness of our Na-tion’s nuclear arsenal. Today, as the Nation enters a period of renewed glob-al competition among great powers, it is vital that we maintain a robust and well-maintained nuclear deterrent. This legislation puts forward the funds to continue safeguarding our stockpile and prepare the Nation for existing and future nuclear threats. It also includes record funding for the Department of Energy’s Office of Science for research into subjects like new energy technologies and advanced computing. There are also funds for fossil fuel research, particularly for coal carbon capture. In addition to our energy future, the legislation bolsters infrastructure ini-tiatives. It provides ample support for the future of America’s water re-sources. It directs nearly $7 billion to the Army Corps of Engineers for main-taining our ports and inland water-ways, protecting our shores, and reduc-ing the damage caused by flooding. These funds will keep us on track to meet national priorities, but I can also testify to the impact this legislation will have on communities across the country, including in my home State of Kentucky. Earlier this year I asked Secretary Perry to take a visit with me to the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant in western Kentucky. I was glad he took me up on the offer. At the plant, Secretary Perry noted that we ‘‘have a moral responsibility’’ to prop-erly decommission the site. The legis-lation before us is an important step to fulfill that responsibility to the com-munity and to the thousand-plus work-ers dedicated to environmental clean-up. This legislation also provides funding for the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion to help deliver infrastructure im-provements to distressed counties in Kentucky and the region. It funds im-portant civil works projects like the Olmsted Locks and Dam and the Ken-tucky Lock. These are critical to the free flow of commerce along Ken-tucky’s 1,900-plus miles of inland wa-terways and the 13,000 maritime jobs they support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.000 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4012 June 19, 2018 
These are just a few examples from my State. The reality is that this legis-lation supplies needed support to com-munities all across our country. Energy matters to all Americans. Water infrastructure matters to all Americans. I urge everyone to join me in supporting this bill. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. On another mat-ter, Madam President, yesterday Gal-lup reported that the percentage of Americans who are satisfied with the way things are going in our country is as high as it has been since 2005. That is a nearly 13-year high. It is no won-der, with an ongoing economic expan-sion creating jobs across the Nation and our unemployment rate at its low-est level since the year 2000. Consumers are confident. Manufacturers are con-fident. Small businesses are optimistic. As I have said many times, Wash-ington doesn’t deserve all the credit for this. The government does not create prosperity. American workers and job creators do. But public policy does set the stage. Bad policy can make job cre-ation, wage growth, and capital invest-ment much more difficult. Good policy can make these things easier. Take the historic tax reform that Republicans passed just last year. In addition to immediate tax relief for middle-class families and small businesses, we also sought to improve our long-term foundation by making America a more attractive place to start a business, expand a business, and invest for the future. That is why tax reform allowed for full and immediate expensing of capital investments and made corporate rates more competi-tive. We are starting to see signs that businesses, large and small, are taking notice. A few weeks ago, the Wall Street Journal reported that ‘‘U.S. companies are ramping up spending on their busi-nesses at the fastest pace in years.’’ One recent analysis projected that the S&P 500 businesses’ spending on new factories, equipment, and other capital investments in the first quarter of 2018 would be nearly 25 percent more than they spent in the first quarter of just last year. What about small business? Just a few weeks ago, a leading industry sur-vey showed 62 percent of owners report-ing recent capital outlays, on the heels of the most positive sales trends since 1995. Major, business-changing equipment is being purchased. Ribbons are being cut on new facilities. The long-term foundations for a stronger economy are literally being poured. Republicans are proud that we helped make this hap-pen. We are getting Washington out of the way so American prosperity can take flight. ORDER FOR PRINTING—H.R. 5515 Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that H.R. 5515, as amended, be printed as passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. (The bill, H.R. 5515, as amended, as passed by the Senate is printed in to-day’s R
ECORD under Morning Business.) 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 5895, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Shelby amendment No. 2910, in the nature of a substitute. Alexander amendment No. 2911 (to amend-ment No. 2910), to make a technical correc-tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, Members of both parties—and I believe the vast majority of Americans—re-main concerned about the Trump ad-ministration’s zero tolerance policy, which has resulted in thousands of families being separated at the border. Anyone who has seen the photos, heard the audio of small children, alone and afraid, crying out for their parents, cannot help but feel horror and disgust about what is going on. That is not America. That is not the America we know and love and the generations be-fore us have known and loved. Clearly, no one should be allowed into this country who doesn’t meet the legal requirements, but we have an ad-judication process that in the past did not require the separation of parents from their children. The Trump admin-istration has decided, of its own will and volition, to take a crueler, more callous, and indeed more expensive and time-consuming approach. A bipartisan group of former U.S. at-torneys wrote yesterday that ‘‘the Zero Tolerance policy is a radical departure from previous Justice Department pol-icy, and that it is dangerous, expen-sive, and inconsistent with the values of the institution in which we served.’’ Yet President Trump acts as if his hands are tied, as if it is not up to him, as if somehow Congress and Democrats are to blame for a policy his adminis-tration instituted, defended, and many members of the administration con-tinue to defend—most recently the Homeland Security Secretary. The truth is that the Trump adminis-tration announced this new zero toler-ance policy at the border in April. Even they hadn’t done it before that, so they weren’t required. The Trump adminis-tration decided to criminally prosecute every single illegal border case, instead of simply deporting them. That is what changed—Donald Trump, of his own vo-lition, changing the policy into a much crueler one. He was supported by his whole administration—by much of his administration. Chief of Staff Kelly called the policy ‘‘a tough deterrent.’’ Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielson has defended the policy, as have Attor-ney General Sessions, White House Ad-visor Stephen Miller, and several other members of the administration. Last night on FOX News, Attorney General Sessions characterized the family separation policy as a deterrent. When President Trump tweets ‘‘CHANGE THE LAWS’’ and that his policy is the result of a law that ‘‘Democrats forced . . . upon our na-tion,’’ he is ignoring reality; he is con-tradicting his own administration. As commentator after commentator— Democrat, Republican, liberal, con-servative—has said: President Trump is simply not telling the truth, and in a cowardly way. No law—no law—requires the separa-tion of families at the border. That is just not true. At the Republican convention, Presi-dent Trump said about the problems of the Nation that ‘‘I alone can fix it.’’ In the case of family separation, it is ac-tually true. Mr. President, you alone can fix it. The President alone can fix this with a flick of a pen. Mr. President, you should fix it. If you don’t want to change this cruel policy, at least admit it is your deci-sion. Blaming others falsely is cheap, easy, and dishonest—a cheap way out, unbecoming of any President. President Trump, if you are truly ashamed of what is happening at the border, get your team together and undo this policy. If you don’t want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.002 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4013 June 19, 2018 
change the policy, you need to take re-sponsibility and own up to it. 
ZTE 
Madam President, on ZTE, last night, the Senate passed the National Defense Authorization Act, fulfilling its annual duty to authorize funding for our Nation’s military and update our national security policy. As a part of the bill, a bipartisan amendment to reinstate sanctions against Chinese telecom giant ZTE passed as well. Although many have probably not heard of ZTE, Americans of all stripes should be cheering this news because in the views of many experts, if we allow ZTE into this country, China and its government will use our phones to spy on each of us, our companies, with their great technology, and our mili-tary. That is why so many people are against ZTE being allowed into this country. In my view, the same would be true of Huawei, the other big Chi-nese telecom company. ZTE, backed by China’s Government, has flouted U.S. sanctions and lied about it. The FCC, the FBI, and the Pentagon have all issued stern warn-ings about the national risk posed by ZTE’s technology. Allowing the sale of ZTE technology in the United States could allow China to spy on every American’s private information, on American businesses, and even on our military. It is a security risk. Why is President Trump, in a simple call with President Xi, just letting it continue? Fines don’t matter at all to this giant company. They will still pose the same security risk before and after they pay a fine. When the Trump administration reached a sweetheart deal with ZTE to go easy on them, folks in Congress from both parties were shaking their heads in disbelief. China is the single most significant threat to American jobs and American intellectual prop-erty—the lifeblood of our economy. ZTE represents that threat. There is no good reason to take it easy on them. It is important that Members of both parties—some of the most conservative Members of this body, some of the most liberal Members of this body, and everyone in between—have stood up and said that we shouldn’t be forgiving ZTE. It is now vital that our House col-leagues keep this bipartisan provision in the national defense bill as it heads toward a conference. They should not let the pressure of President Trump, who simply doesn’t know how to nego-tiate—President Xi flatters him, and he gives in on something vital to na-tional security. They should not let President Trump pressure them into reducing American security, both eco-nomic and defense. They should not let President Trump pressure them into allowing ZTE to spy on every one of us, which they could very well do. Before moving on, I want to take a moment to thank Senators C
OTTON and R
UBIO for working with Senator V AN H
OLLEN and me and the rest of us on this issue. My friends on the other side of the aisle—it is harder for them to oppose the President than it is for us— had the courage of their convictions not only to speak out but also to sup-port this legislation, despite the oppo-sition of their party’s President. It is rare, indeed, when SCHUMER , V
ANHOLLEN , RUBIO, and C OTTON issue a joint statement, but on this issue, we all agree. It is an issue that transcends party and concerns the vital national security interests of this great United States of America. I am very glad that for the sake of the country, we were able to come together and pass this amendment. 
HEALTHCARE  
Madam President, on healthcare, today, we expect the Trump adminis-tration to issue a new rule that would expand junk insurance plans that don’t cover critical conditions and are far from comprehensive health coverage. These plans may not include coverage for maternity care, may not include coverage for mental health treatment, may not include coverage for emer-gency services, newborn care, prescrip-tion drugs. Worse still, these plans weaken protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. Finalizing this rule is simply the latest act of sabo-tage of our healthcare system by the Trump administration and a back door to expanding junk insurance plans, which benefit the insurance industry but hurt the average American. That is why more than 95 percent of the healthcare groups that filed com-ments about this proposed rule were opposed to it. No single group that rep-resents physicians, patients, hospitals, or nurses is supportive. Not one. You are always going to find people who can make a fast buck putting together a healthcare plan that does very little for people as they collect money from them. Our responsibility is to not allow that. In this Congress, we had done that. President Trump is undoing it. The Trump administration and Re-publicans in Congress should work with Democrats in a bipartisan way to make healthcare more affordable instead of taking actions that jack up costs on middle-class families and those who are sick and need healthcare the most. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, just 3 months ago, Congress passed and the President signed a $1.3 trillion omnibus spending package for the year 2018. No one had time to read it, much less an opportunity to amend it on the floor. The President vowed that never again would he sign such a measure. Collec-tively, we lamented the absence of process and the excess of partisanship that had led to that point once again. The collapse of regular order had be-come the new normal, despite our usual resolutions to revive it. I am pleased to report today that the Senate Appropriations Committee has charted a different course in the months since the 2018 omnibus became law. In April of this year, I began working with Vice Chairman LEAHY  and our colleagues on the Appropria-tions Committee to put into motion an aggressive schedule to mark up all 12 appropriations bills before the July 4 recess. Thus far, the committee has passed seven of these bills. This week, the committee will mark up three ad-ditional bills, and in the final week of June, we will consider the remaining two. At the moment, we are right on schedule. What has been truly remarkable, however, is not the speed of the 2019 ap-propriations process but the biparti-sanship that has given it new life. All seven of the bills passed by the com-mittee thus far have garnered over-whelming bipartisan support. Most of them, in fact, have been approved unanimously. This is no small accom-plishment in today’s partisan political environment. At this point, I pause to recognize Vice Chairman L
EAHY ’s significant contributions to this effort. Senator L
EAHY and I have known each other for many decades now. In fact, our com-bined years on the Appropriations Committee exceed the ages of many of our colleagues. On this basis, we came together at the outset of the process and deter-mined that only by uniting would ap-propriations bills make it to the Sen-ate floor and beyond. He and I made a deal, the essence of which POLITICO succinctly summarized in the headline of a recent article, entitled: ‘‘Poison pills banished from Senate spending bills.’’ That is what we hope. As part of this deal, Vice Chairman L
EAHY and I agreed to reject not only partisan riders—our own too—but also new authorizations in the 2019 appro-priations bills. We resolved that Sen-ators on both sides who would be look-ing to authorize new law in appropria-tions bills would be referred to the ap-propriate authorizing committees. As the appropriations process has un-folded, I have honored this deal, Vice Chairman L
EAHY has honored this deal, and our subcommittee chairmen and ranking members have honored this deal. The results speak for themselves. Last week, for example, the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ap-propriations bill passed unanimously out of committee. One would have to go back nearly 10 years to find the last time the Interior bill garnered such strong bipartisan support. I recognize that today we are still early in the game and that many con-tentious issues lie ahead, but I believe we have established a framework for success in returning to regular order. It is now time to translate this success to the Senate floor. Members of the Ap-propriations Committee, including the Presiding Officer, through their dis-cipline and adhering to this frame-work, have demonstrated that their pe-rennial calls for a return to regular order have not been hollow. We will begin today to discover whether the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.003 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4014 June 19, 2018 
full Senate is equally sincere in its re-solve. The package before the Senate com-bines three fiscal year 2019 measures that have been recently approved by the Appropriations Committee: the En-ergy and Water Development appro-priations bill, the Military Construc-tion, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies appropriations bill, and the Legislative Branch appropriations bill. The Energy and Water Development bill provides $43.7 billion in discre-tionary funding—a $566 million in-crease over the 2018-enacted level. The bill addresses critical national security needs concerning nuclear energy, while it also improves our water infrastruc-ture and invests in basic science and energy research for this Nation. Senators A
LEXANDER and F EINSTEIN , the chairman and ranking member of the Energy and Water Development Subcommittee, have crafted, I believe, a balanced, bipartisan bill that passed the full committee by a 30-to-1 margin. The Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies bill—the second bill—provides $97.1 billion in discretionary funding, which is $5.1 bil-lion above the 2018-enacted level. This bill supports investments that will en-sure maximum readiness and warfighting capability for our troops, while it also provides funding for need-ed improvements and innovations at the VA. Senators B
OOZMAN and S CHATZ , the chairman and ranking member of the MILCON, VA, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, wrote a strong bill that received unanimous support of the full committee. Finally, the Senate’s Legislative Branch bill provides $3.3 billion in dis-cretionary funding, which is $68 million above the 2018-enacted level. This bill, the third bill, makes important invest-ments in the safety and security of those who are working in Congress and those citizens who are guests, visiting our Capitol. Chairman D
AINES and Ranking Member M
URPHY , of the Leg-islative Branch Subcommittee, also drafted a strongly bipartisan bill that garnered the unanimous support of the full Appropriations Committee. I thank Chairmen A
LEXANDER , BOOZ-
MAN, and D AINES and Ranking Members F
EINSTEIN , SCHATZ , and M URPHY this morning for their continued hard work and leadership on these bills. As we move to the consideration of these bills today on the floor, I urge all Members to submit any amendments they have as soon as possible. Vice Chairman L
EAHY and I are committed to having an open amendment process, as are each of the subcommittee chair-men and ranking members, who will be managing their respective parts of these legislative packages. Just as they worked diligently to accommodate as many Members’ requests as possible during the committee process, they in-tend to accommodate as many amend-ments as they can on the floor. To recap for the benefit of the Mem-bers, we are not interested in poison pill riders, and we are not considering new authorizations of law, but we are interested in discussing substantive amendments that are germane to this package. This is the path, I believe, that leads us back to regular order. It is my hope that we will not be led astray, down the path of delay and par-tisanship, which would result in yet another omnibus. That is no way to fund the government. Let’s debate and dispose and do our job on behalf of the American people. Let’s demonstrate to the American people that our collective call for a re-turn to regular order was not just for show. Let’s complete our work on this package in a timely manner so we can move on to the considerable work that lies ahead. I take this moment to thank all Sen-ators for their input and their coopera-tion in this process thus far. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ap-preciate the comments from my friend, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. As many know, Chairman SHELBY and I have been friends for dec-ades. We have traveled to different parts of the world and tried to promote the U.S. agenda. We have worked very closely together. That is why we are opening debate on the first set of ap-propriations bills for fiscal year 2019. The minibus before us contains the En-ergy and Water Development appro-priations bill, the Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs appropria-tions bill, and the Legislative Branch appropriations bill. These bills have strong bipartisan support. On each subcommittee, I compliment the chairs and ranking members, who worked very closely together and set aside partisan labels to get these bills before the full committee so that Sen-ator S
HELBY and I could then bring them up for votes in the full com-mittee. So far, we have reported from the committee 7 of the 12 annual appro-priations bills, each with overwhelming bipartisan support—I almost want to reemphasize that: each with over-whelming bipartisan support—at a time when it is as though nothing can be done in a bipartisan way. I think we have set the example of the way the Senate was, should be and can be. As one who has been in this body for almost 44 years, I like to see the Sen-ate work the way it should. In fact, we are going to mark up three of the five remaining bills this week. The chair-man and I are committed to making the appropriations process work again. So far, in committee, it has. In that re-spect, I thank, again, my good friend Senator S
HELBY for his leadership and bipartisan cooperation, which has helped us achieve these results so far. Our best chance for restoring regular order and avoiding the need to do an omnibus spending bill at the end of the year is to abide by the bipartisan-bi-cameral budget agreement and avoid poison pill riders from the left or the right. The bill before us does just that. The chairman and I—and we are the ones who have to spend the time on the floor—want a real debate of the spend-ing measure. Members should come to the floor, offer amendments, and de-bate them. Yet, if we are going to suc-ceed in moving this bill through the Senate, Members on both sides of the aisle need to show restraint as we did when we marked up these bills in com-mittee and refrain from offering con-troversial legislative matters or other poison pills as amendments. Offer those on authorizing bills, where they should be, and debate them there. The appropriations bills that make up the minibus before us contain fund-ing for important programs and make a real difference in people’s lives, cer-tainly in the lives of those in every Senator’s State—in Vermont and across the Nation. We should not derail this process because of unrelated policy riders. If we do this—if both sides of the aisle can show restraint—we will take a very important step in getting this process back on track and putting the Senate back to where it should be. Let’s talk about the Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs bill. It dedicates considerable resources to the support and care of our veterans, in-cluding $2 billion to address the main-tenance backlog at our VA hospitals and clinics. We agreed to that in the bi-partisan budget deal, and we have it in this bill. It also has critical funding for medical care and research, hospital and clinic construction, and disability and pension programs. The Energy and Water Development bill invests in our country’s water in-frastructure and energy programs. It also provides funding to support our rural communities and farmers, which will benefit not just Vermont but the rest of the Nation. All of us have rural areas in our States, and this will ben-efit them. I am pleased that the bill supports much needed repairs and im-provements in our environmental in-frastructure and in our energy infra-structure and that it strengthens inno-vative ways to deliver these critical as-sets. From a parochial point of view, I know it makes Vermont more resilient to the change in climate and violent weather events. All one has to do is look at the map. It makes every State more resilient, which is what we need. Once again, the bill includes strong funding for the weatherization program and, of course, helps families in Vermont, the Northeast, and northern States across the country. Families in Vermont can struggle with high home heating prices during the cold winter months, when it is not unusual to have days or a week during which it is below zero. The bill wisely rejects several of the administration’s budget proposals by making real investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency programs. That is going to accelerate diversified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.005 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4015 June 19, 2018 
and sustainable energy production in every part of our country and support American innovation in the private sector as well as the many world-class research institutions across the coun-try. I want to see American innovation being supported. This bill will create and sustain American jobs. The Legislative Branch bill provides funding for the Senate at large, as well as to cover the House of Representa-tives, the Library of Congress, the Copyright Office, the Architect of the Capitol, and the Capitol Police. In ad-dition, it supports the Congressional Budget Office and the Government Ac-countability Office, which are essential to our oversight functions. I support this package of bills that came from the committee, and I urge other Mem-bers to do the same. Let me just mention one issue briefly that relates to veterans’ healthcare. The Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs bill has one serious prob-lem, and Chairman S
HELBY and I are committed to fixing it. The bill does not provide money to cover the costs that are associated with the VA Choice Program, which was transferred to the discretionary side of the budget under the VA MISSION Act. It will become part of a new consolidated community care program to be funded in this bill. Unfortunately, the MISSION Act pro-vides funding for this program only through May of 2019, leaving the bal-ance unaddressed. To cover the short-fall, we are going to need an estimated $1.6 billion more in fiscal year 2019 and an additional $8.6 billion in fiscal year 2020 and $9.5 billion in fiscal year 2021. These costs were not accounted for when we negotiated the budget caps in the bipartisan budget deal, so the chairman and ranking member of the subcommittee were unable to address the shortfall within their allocation without cutting funding for other im-portant programs. We do our veterans no favors if we promise care but then not back it up and say: Oh, by the way, we are not going to pay for it. Senator S
HELBY and I are working to find a so-lution to provide the flexibility needed to make sure, having made this prom-ise to our veterans, we can carry out the promise. We hope to offer an amendment later this week to address this issue. In conclusion, I look forward to the debate on the appropriations bill before us, and I ask Senators—all 100 of us—to work with us to restore the appropria-tions process. We can only achieve suc-cess if we return to regular order and pledge to work together. To give an ex-ample that Chairman S
HELBY and I have set, the 31 members of the Senate Appropriations Committee voted over-whelmingly on both sides of the aisle for these bills. So I thank the chair-man, and I also thank the sub-committee chairs and ranking mem-bers because they worked like mad, and they got it done. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, I am pleased to present the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies appropriations bill for fiscal year 2019. This is a bipartisan bill that funds the critical infrastructure for our Nation’s servicemembers and their families and takes care of Amer-ica’s 20 million veterans. As in years past, this subcommittee crafted the bill in a truly open and bi-partisan and collegial way. The sub-committee took into account the re-quests and preferences of all Members on both sides of the aisle and balanced it with the administration’s budget submission. Within this framework, we have created a thoughtful and respon-sible path forward for both Depart-ments and our related agencies. A lot of time and energy have gone into putting this legislation together, and I thank Senator SCHATZ and his staff for working so hard to address the needs of our servicemembers and vet-erans. This bill provides $97.1 billion in dis-cretionary spending, which is $5.1 bil-lion over last year’s level. Within that, the Department of Veterans Affairs is provided a new record level of re-sources at $86.4 billion in discretionary funding, which is $5 billion over last year’s level and $1.1 billion over the President’s request. These resources will provide healthcare and other im-portant benefits earned by U.S. service-members. This bill provides $78.3 billion to sup-port medical treatment and healthcare, including $8.6 billion for mental health, including funds to prevent veteran sui-cide; $861 million for the caregivers program; $400 million for opioid misuse prevention and treatment; and $270 million for rural health initiatives. The bill also includes funds to pre-vent veterans’ homelessness, invest in innovative medical research, eliminate the claims backlog, provide for State extended-care facility construction, and support the Board of Veterans Ap-peals’ efforts to address the growing appellate backlog. The bill provides $10.3 billion to sup-port military construction and family housing needs—a $228 million increase over last year’s level. This will fund a total of 169 military construction projects that restore warfighter readi-ness and increase the lethality of our installations. These projects support beddown of new platforms, such as the F–35 and KC–46, and provide invest-ments that support nuclear deterrence and air superiority. Pier replacements and dry dock improvements will add capability and enhance mission readi-ness. Improvements to airfields, ranges, and maintenance and training facilities will contribute to current and future force readiness. This bill provides resources to im-prove the quality of life for service-members and their families. It provides $1.6 billion to provide homes and re-lated housing services to servicemem-bers and their families living on instal-lations around the world, $388 million to improve schools, and $366 million for hospitals and medical clinics. We were also able to address $498 mil-lion worth of construction priorities identified in the services’ unfunded pri-ority lists, which will allow the serv-ices to fund their highest priority un-funded projects. The bill contains $921 million for overseas contingency operations and the European Deterrence Initiative to improve infrastructure and facilities throughout the European theater to help our allies deter further Russian aggression and address threats from the Middle East and North Africa. In summary, this is a good bill. It was reported out of committee without a single dissenting vote, and I hope we will have unanimous support when we vote on the final package. I ask my col-leagues to support this bill. I thank Senators S
HELBY and L EAHY  for their support in putting this bill to-gether. Again, I thank Senator S
CHATZ  and his staff for working with us in such a bipartisan and cooperative man-ner. Of course, I thank all of my staff for all their efforts and the hard work it takes to put something of this mag-nitude together. With that, Madam President, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I am pleased to join my colleague from Ar-kansas, the chairman of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Ap-propriations Subcommittee in pre-senting this bill for consideration be-fore the full Senate. I thank him for his work to create a fair and bipartisan bill. I also thank the Appropriations Committee chairman and vice chair-man for their leadership and commit-ment to an orderly process to bring these bills and all the appropriations bills to the floor. This is the first set of appropriations bills before the Senate this year. We are making good progress, and in the next few days, we are going to set the tone for the rest of our work this year on appropriations. This bill builds on the progress we made in the omnibus by providing crit-ical funding to support our veterans, servicemembers, and their families. It also funds military construction projects that are needed to continue our work to address years of budgetary risk-taking that have led to neglected facilities tied to military readiness. In total, the bill provides the VA with nearly $5 billion more than last year’s bill and adds more than $200 mil-lion for military construction. I am particularly pleased that we were able to fund $500 million worth of unfunded military construction re-quirements. While increased funding must continue to be requested and sus-tained in future years, this funding makes progress to restore military readiness across the joint force, includ-ing, importantly, for the Army and Air National Guard that have served as an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.006 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4016 June 19, 2018 
operational reserve for nearly two dec-ades of war. The increased funding for the VA will go where it will do the most good for our veterans and their families, and that includes $400 million to combat the opioid epidemic, which is $18 mil-lion above the budget request; $365 mil-lion above the budget request for the caregivers program; nearly $500 million above the omnibus for mental health services; an additional $87 million to increase staffing to process veterans’ disability claims appeals; and an addi-tional $30 million to help deliver tele-health services to remote and rural areas. We also add funding for VA medical care above the fiscal year 2019 advance appropriation that we provided in the omnibus. This includes an additional $750 million for VA in-house care and $1 billion to pay for privately provided care through VA’s traditional commu-nity care programs. We all agree that VA’s community partners are essential to serving vet-erans and ensuring access, especially in rural areas, but privately provided care cannot come at the expense of VA’s in- house medical services or other pro-grams that are core to VA, and that is where the administration is trying to take us. Without budgetary relief, their efforts will leave a $38 billion hole at VA and undermine its ability to serve our veterans and their families. I know that the chairman and vice chairman of the whole committee are continuing to work with the leadership and the chairman and ranking member of the authorizing committee to fix this issue so that we can fulfill our promises to veterans, and on that, they will have my full support. Madam President, I again thank Chairman B
OOZMAN and his staff and my staff for their hard work and col-laboration that went into crafting this bipartisan bill. I will have more to say as we move forward this week. In the meantime, I encourage any of our col-leagues who may have amendments to file those as soon as possible so that we can ensure that we have sufficient time to review them. Madam President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
COLORADO WILDFIRES  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, last year, Colorado had a great snowpack in many areas of the State. In fact, the moisture, rain, and snowpack in many areas of Colorado led to a lot of growth, a lot of great spring grass, and a lot of undergrowth that came in. The problem is, when you have a wet year followed by a dry year, that same growth then turns into tinder during a drought. That is, unfortunately, what we have seen in parts of Colorado this year. Many parts of Colorado are experi-encing some of the driest conditions they have seen in 70 or 80 years. On June 1, the 416 fire in Southwest Colorado was started. It started burn-ing, and now about 35,000 acres of land have been gobbled up by this wildfire. There are also a number of other fires across Colorado: the Burro fire, the Buffalo Mountain fire, and there was a fire between Redvale and Montrose, CO. I come to the floor to bring attention to some of the actions we have taken, though, that have helped with fighting these fires and to talk about policies we need to put in place that can do a better job giving more tools to fight these fires and what we can do to help make firefighters do their jobs in a bet-ter, safer way. If you look at what we did these past years—a couple of months ago, we passed a bill that fixed the fire-bor-rowing crisis, which had consumed our wildfire fighting budget each and every year. What happened is that Congress would fund firefighting based on a 10- year rolling average, and then they would exceed that cost of the fire-fighting budget and consume other parts of the Forest Service budget, cannibalizing other parts that would go toward mitigation to prevent next year’s forest fires just to fund the fire-fighting efforts of this year’s fires. So we have never really caught up with the cycle. Over half of the budget of the Forest Service—at least prior to this fix—was being consumed on fight-ing forest fires. This Congress did a great job with a bipartisan fix that now actually allows us to treat it more like a normal, tra-ditional disaster instead of cannibalizing other funds within the Forest Service. I asked one of the Forest Service rep-resentatives, employees, at the fire: Are you able to make better decisions knowing now that you have a budget fix in place? The answer was yes. So we are actually able to fight fires. We have a map right here. The city of Durango, CO, is basically right here. This fire is moving, and we are able to fight this fire better, knowing that we have the funding, the resources nec-essary, to adequately supply these fire-fighting efforts. At least as of a day ago, we haven’t lost a home from this 35,000-acre fire, even though nearly 2,000 homes have been evacuated. I think that is a re-markable feat, an accomplishment. Great credit needs to go to the 1,300 firefighter personnel who are on this fire and the Burro fires 10 miles over the mountain. They have not lost a structure as a result of their efforts and the tools that we have helped to give them. To the personnel: Thank you for the work that you continue to do. To the people of Colorado who may have scheduled a vacation or planned a vacation in Durango and Silverton, CO: Know that these towns remain open, that you can still go to Durango, CO, that you can still go down the river, and that you can have an incredible time with your family. I encourage people across this coun-try not to cancel their vacations, not to cancel their plans, but to go ahead and visit. This town, this State, needs you now more than ever. I encourage people to recognize that, yes, there may be a fire in the forest, but it is not in the town. It is perfectly safe to go visit, to be there, and I hope they will because both Silverton and Durango need you now more than ever. We also know that our land managers can use better policies in terms of re-ducing fuel loads and making sure they can get into the forest to reduce the potential for a serious conflagration— the types of which we have seen more and more of recently—to help give them better tools to cut through litiga-tion and the analysis paralysis that has tied our decision makers’ hands when it comes to fighting fires. One of the things I have heard at other fires in Colorado, outside of the 416 fire, is the concern about drones. I hope every person listening to speeches and the news reports will take to heart that when you fly a drone, when you fly a UAV over a fire because you think it would be neat to get pictures of it, understand that you are putting peo-ple’s lives at risk, and you are stop-ping—you are putting a halt—to sig-nificant elements of the firefighting ef-fort. What do I mean by that? One drone will shut down the air tanker pro-gram—no more slurry efforts, no re-tardant flying in, no more helicopters flying in, no more airplanes flying in and dropping retardant that can stop the spread of the fire. Please, please, stop interfering with active fire-fighting efforts. SCOTT TIPTON and I will be intro-ducing legislation that will increase penalties on people who are interfering with firefighting efforts by flying a drone over a wildfire. It has to stop. It is putting people’s lives at risk, and it is certainly allowing these fires to spread because they have to shut down their firefighting efforts. We can’t fight these fires at night with tankers. We are working on that. We have other legislation that will allow night vision goggle research to be done to help make this effort hap-pen, to be able to help fight these fires, but we can’t do it now. So when you take out an hour or 2 or more of the day, that means those tankers can’t get in, that means more acres are burned, and that means more lives are put at risk. Stop it. You are hurting people. This is something for which we have to give more tools to our decision mak-ers and land managers to help reduce the fuel, cut through the litigation, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.008 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4017 June 19, 2018 
redtape, and reduce the number of law-suits that are preventing these forests from being managed in a healthy man-ner. Let’s do that. Then we have to make sure we continue with other poli-cies to get more dollars on the ground for fuel-reduction efforts. Long-term consequences of this fire, though, will remain because long after the smoke is gone, the effects will be felt. When there is a rainstorm, we will have hydrophobic soil conditions that will create debris flows that go into the river, causing conduits to be impacted, perhaps wiped out, and the viaducts that are going to be affected, the water conduits that will be affected through debris flows, the drinking water sys-tems that could be impacted through-out, and the flooding potential that dramatically increases. Those effects will have to be dealt with, but there are other effects too. When you are dealing with businesses here that rely on the use of the forest, particularly in the summer, those sea-sonal businesses are impacted right now and are going to need help, and the Small Business Administration, the Department of Commerce, and others could help provide disaster relief to these businesses. If you are relying on a forest for your business during the summer and that forest has been closed, obviously your business is greatly impacted. That is something this Congress will have to continue to work through as we address the im-pacts on seasonal businesses through-out Colorado—and around the West, for that matter—that have been affected by these wildfires. To this Congress: Thank you for the work you did to fix the practice of firebombing, for putting an end to it, and for allowing us to budget regularly for wildfires, making sure we have the dollars necessary to do this without impacting forest programs that would have reduced next year’s fires. Let’s stop dangerous activities. Stop flying drones, interfering with wildfires. Let’s work on policies that we can innovate to bring new science, new expertise, new research to allow us to do a better job of fighting fires. I hope people will remember that Du-rango and Silverton remain open; all of Colorado remains open. Come visit, and spend your time. There are great memories you could make with your families in our forests, in our incred-ible and beautiful environment of Colo-rado and the West. Mr. President, I thank you. This is one more important thing to remind us that we are all in this together, and I thank this Congress for the work they have done. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the good economic news keeps pouring in. CNBC reports that economic growth for the second quarter of 2018 is ‘‘on track to double 2017’s full-year pace.’’ In April, for the first time since the Bureau of Labor Statistics began tracking the data, the number of job openings outnumbered the number of job seekers. In May, unemployment dropped to its lowest level in 18 years. Wages are growing at the fastest rate since July 2009. Retail sales are up sig-nificantly, and small business opti-mism has hit its second highest level ever. A recent survey from the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers re-ported that 77 percent of manufactur-ers plan to increase hiring as a result of tax reform, 72 percent plan to in-crease wages or benefits, and 86 percent report that they plan to increase in-vestments, which means new jobs and opportunities for workers. Those are a lot of numbers, but they all boil down to one thing; that is, that life is get-ting better for American families. Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal reported: ‘‘Economic confidence among lower-income Americans has taken a recent leap, the latest evidence that benefits of the economic expansion are reaching a broader swath of workers.’’ If there is one thing that is needed to help people achieve the American dream, it is a thriving economy. What do people think about when they think about the American dream? They dream about starting a business from their kitchen table and growing it into a thriving enterprise. They dream about a secure job that will allow them to own a nice home, plus have extra to take the kids to the beach each year, and save for education, retirement, and those unexpected expenses. They dream about landing a job at their dream company and working their way up the ladder to the top; they dream about fulfilling work that can turn into a ful-filling career; and they dream about a secure retirement with extra money to treat the grandkids. Those are the types of things Americans dream about when they think about the American dream. Well, it is pretty hard to accomplish any of those dreams if the economy is stagnant or struggling. It is pretty hard to work your way up the ladder if your company is having to lay off peo-ple. It is hard to buy a house or save for the kids’ college if you don’t have anything left over once you have paid the bills. During the last administration, the economy did not thrive and, as a re-sult, American families struggled. So when President Trump took office, Re-publicans and President Trump made reversing our economic decline a pri-ority. Perhaps the two biggest drags on our economy during the Obama admin-istration were burdensome regulations and an outdated tax code. So we took immediate action to roll back burden-some Obama administration regula-tions, and we got to work on reforming our outdated Tax Code. Six months ago this week, we passed historic tax re-form. Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Tax Code was not helping businesses grow and create jobs. In fact, it was doing the opposite, and that had real consequences for Amer-ican workers. A small business owner struggling to afford the hefty annual tax bill for her business was highly un-likely to be able to hire a new worker or to raise wages. A larger business struggling to stay competitive in the global marketplace while paying a sub-stantially higher tax rate than its for-eign competitors too often had limited funds to expand or increase investment in the United States. So we took action to improve the playing field for American workers by improving the playing field for busi-nesses as well. To accomplish that, we lowered tax rates across the board for owners of small- and medium-sized businesses, farms, and ranches. We low-ered our Nation’s massive corporate tax rate, which up until January 1 was the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. We expanded business owners’ ability to recover investments they make in their businesses, which frees up cash they can reinvest in their operations and their workers, and we brought the U.S. international tax sys-tem into the 21st century so American businesses are not operating at a dis-advantage next to their foreign com-petitors. Now we are seeing the results. Com-panies have announced higher wages, better retirement benefits, bonuses, in-creased investment, new jobs, and more. As I mentioned above, 77 percent of manufacturers plan to increase hir-ing as a result of tax reform and 72 per-cent plan to increase wages or benefits. Meanwhile, at the end of May, the Na-tional Federation of Independent Busi-ness reported that a record-high per-centage of small businesses had in-creased compensation for their employ-ees. Then there are the 100-plus utility companies that are lowering rates as a result of tax reform, the companies boosting their education benefits to help employees get the skills they need for successful careers, the companies expanding parental leave benefits, the low unemployment rate, the pace of wage growth, and so much more. In short, as I mentioned earlier, life is getting better for American families. Opportunities are expanding, pay-checks are increasing, wages are grow-ing, benefits are growing, and that means more families are able to afford those car repairs or that downpayment on a house. More families are able to set aside money for their kids’ edu-cation, and more families are able to boost their retirement contributions. More families are looking forward to a secure future. I am proud of the benefits the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is delivering for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.010 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4018 June 19, 2018 
American families, and I am going to keep working for policies that will ex-pand opportunities for families in this country even further. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I plan to speak more fully tomorrow on this topic, but the Constitution, as I know the Presiding Officer knows and I know others in the Chamber know, gives the U.S. Congress the authority to deal with revenues and tariffs. I know we are dealing with some reg-ular order business during this week, and I am glad we are able to do so. I congratulate my colleague—the other Senator from Tennessee, our senior Senator—for the way he is conducting himself as it relates to dealing with ap-propriations and the members of the Appropriations Committee for the work they have done to make sure we can move through this in a timely fashion. From time to time, moments arise in U.S. history where Congress should as-sert its authority and play a calming role at a time when the world is roiling from a President who wakes up each morning and decides the next steps he is going to take against other coun-tries, as it relates to tariffs, with no seeming strategy nor reasoning for much of what he is doing. We have an amendment we are seek-ing to make even better to hopefully cause the Congress—the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives—to take its rightful role as it relates to this tariff situation. Today, we had a number of small businesses from Tennessee—I am sure there are many from Indiana and Alas-ka—that are wondering what in the world they are waking up to as tariffs just seem to be rolling off at the White House—again, with no seeming strat-egy or thought, but just waking up and putting in place taxes on the American people, changing the relationships that have been built since World War II be-tween our Nation and others, in some cases, appearing to take place over per-sonal tiffs the President may have against an individual or another com-pany. That is not the way the United States has led the world. We have a re-sponsibility as a Congress over these matters. Section 232 of the Trade Act has never been used like it is being used today, where we, in essence, are claim-ing, under the guise of national secu-rity, tariffs being put in place against our neighbors and against our allies. I don’t think there is a person in this body who believes the national secu-rity waiver being utilized in the man-ner it is being utilized is even appro-priate. I can’t imagine there is any-body in this body who even believes that to be the case. Yet our President wakes up on a daily basis and decides he is going to put in place policies that are going to affect our Nation and oth-ers and the citizens we represent, af-fecting them in major ways. So I am here today to say that I know pressure is going to build. I know other countries are going to retaliate. They have no choice but to retaliate. The citizens they represent would push them—are pushing them—to retaliate. They have no choice. We as a body have a responsibility at this time to reclaim our responsibil-ities as they relate to tariffs and reve-nues. Allow the President to continue to negotiate—allow him to do so—but when he completes his work, he should bring whatever it is he would like to impose on other countries—especially since he is using section 232 in ways that it was never intended—he should bring that to the Senate and to the House of Representatives, and we should decide. If section 232 is being abused in the way that it is, we should decide what tariffs should be put in place. I plan to come back and speak on this matter tomorrow. I hope that at some point—as pressure builds, as chaos is created in other countries and around the world, as our leadership role in the world continues to take a hit and be challenged, I hope the Sen-ate will rise to the occasion. I thank those many people on both sides of the aisle who have sponsored legislation to deal with this. I hope the leader and the minority leader of the Senate will decide that this is an im-portant issue we need to take up and that we will take action. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise in support of the appropriations package currently under consideration, particularly the section dealing with Energy and Water Development appro-priations. I know my good friend Senator A
LEX-
ANDER , the chairman of our Appropria-tions Energy and Water Subcommittee, spoke last evening. I have served as chairman or ranking member of that committee for the past 5 years—we have alternated—and it has been a real pleasure and a great privilege for me to work with him. I also want to thank Senator S
HELBY  and Vice Chairman L
EAHY . Perhaps people don’t know this, but they have taken truly meaningful steps to return us to regular order. It has been a long time coming, and I truly hope it can be maintained. I have been on the Appro-priations Committee for more than two decades, and I have been saddened to watch as we have descended into par-tisanship year after year and lessened our influence as a committee. Believe it or not, it has been 21 years since Congress passed all 12 appropria-tions bills by October 1. Since then, we have just staggered through a series of continuing resolutions and omnibuses. So I thank my colleagues on the Ap-propriations Committee for supporting this bill during markup, where we saw a vote of 30 to 1. I hope we will be able to maintain that spirit of bipartisan-ship on the floor, and I urge my col-leagues to refrain from offering poison pill amendments, which would derail our progress. I believe this is a fair bill. It contains tradeoffs and hard choices. I certainly don’t agree with everything in it—par-ticularly the nuclear weapons por-tion—but I support passage of the bill by the Senate. Overall, the bill provides $43.8 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers, the Bureau of Reclamation, the Depart-ment of Energy, and other agencies. This is an increase of $566 million over fiscal year 2018 levels. I want to highlight the fact that we received an increase in our nondefense allocation of $474 million above 2018. This is a very generous allocation, and it has allowed us to do the following: to increase funding for reclamation pro-grams that prevent and mitigate the effect of drought throughout 19 western States; to increase funding for critical Army Corps infrastructure; and to in-crease funding for the Office of Science, the largest single supporter of basic scientific research in the United States. We were also able to continue strong support for applied energy programs, particularly those that fund the devel-opment of carbon-free renewable tech-nologies. Even with a more modest defense al-location, we fund efforts to address the environmental legacy of the Cold War in Tennessee, South Carolina, New Mexico, Washington, and other States. The bill also funds key priorities in nuclear nonproliferation, including se-curing radiological materials in hos-pitals and industrial facilities in this country and helping our international partners do the same. Before I turn to nuclear weapons, I wish to speak briefly about nuclear waste. There are over 80,000 metric tons of spent fuel stored at 77 reactor sites in 33 States. The vast majority of that is still stored in wet pools. This is important because every one of us has communities struggling to deal with their legacy nuclear waste. For the sixth year in a row, this bill includes a provision that would create a nuclear waste pilot program to allow for in-terim, consent-based storage of com-mercial spent nuclear fuel. But I want to say to all my colleagues in the Sen-ate, we need your support to get this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.011 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4019 June 19, 2018 
done. We have a bipartisan path here in the Senate, but the House won’t budge. They won’t support any nuclear waste proposal that isn’t Yucca Mountain. After all these years that have gone by, we can’t let another year go by with no movement on nuclear waste. We need the Senate to be united, and we need your help to push the House to stop holding our bipartisan pilot program hostage to their impossible demands on Yucca Mountain. Finally, I want to speak briefly about nuclear weapons. Unfortunately, this bill includes the $65 million requested by the Trump administration to begin to modify the existing W76 warhead for the new low-yield weapon. If fully fund-ed, this new nuclear capability will be completed in just 2 years. I strongly oppose funding for this new nuclear weapon. I firmly believe we already have enough nuclear weap-ons, and the military actually agrees. When testifying before Congress on March 20, 2018, Gen. John Hyten, the commander of U.S. Strategic Com-mand, said: 
I have everything I need today to deter Russia from doing anything against the United States of America. We’re fully ready against any threat that exists today, with-out a doubt. 
That is the head of our nuclear forces saying he has everything he needs. So why waste money on new nuclear weapons the military doesn’t need? Not only do I share General Hyten’s belief that we already have enough nu-clear weapons in general, but I also be-lieve we definitely don’t need any low- yield nuclear weapons in particular. The Trump administration has ar-gued that it needs this new nuclear weapon in order to have a propor-tionate response to a Russian first-use of a low-yield weapon. That line of ar-gument makes clear that the adminis-tration is actually contemplating using nuclear weapons to fight limited nu-clear wars. Just think about it. There is no such thing as a limited nuclear war. We are kidding ourselves if we think there is, and the military agrees. In February, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis said: 
I don’t think there is any such thing as a ‘‘tactical nuclear weapon.’’ Any nuclear weapon used any time is a strategic game- changer. 
I share Secretary Mattis’s view. I don’t believe there is any such thing as a limited nuclear war. Once a nuclear weapon is used by any country against any target, that is the end of us. There-fore, I do not see any reason to develop low-yield weapons. We have steadfastly funded the mod-ernization of our nuclear stockpile and its supporting infrastructure over the past 8 years. Altogether, the Congres-sional Budget Office estimates that over the next 30 years, we will spend $1.7 trillion to upgrade and maintain nearly all of our nuclear forces. But the low-yield submarine launched bal-listic missile warhead is separate and apart from the scope of that effort. Funding it simply does not make sense from either a budgetary or a strategic perspective. Despite my opposition to funding for this nuclear warhead, I do recognize that, in other ways, this is a balanced bill. It builds on the investments we were able to make in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus. It provides another $200 million for water projects in the West, and it continues investments in clean technologies that will help combat the effects of climate change. It is not per-fect. It is not the bill I would have written if I were chairman, but on bal-ance, I support this bill. I urge my col-leagues to do so as well. Once again, it is a great pleasure for me to work with my chairman. We have worked together now for over 5 years on this committee and produced a bill every year. Both of us have made compromises, and I am very proud of the relationship. I thank the chairman. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. CRUZ). The majority whip. 
FAMILY SEPARATION POLICY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-day I spoke briefly about the ongoing situation at the U.S.-Mexican border. It continues to be on my mind and on the minds of many others, including the Presiding Officer, who has offered some very constructive suggestions for how to address this situation. Just as under the Obama administra-tion in 2014, we have seen a surge of un-accompanied children and families coming across our southern border dur-ing the spring and summer months. At the time, President Obama called it a humanitarian crisis, and it truly was and is. Between October 1 of last year and May 31 of this year, the number of fam-ilies apprehended at the southwest bor-der rose by 58 percent, compared to the same period a year earlier. Many of these individuals hail from Central America. Some have presented them-selves lawfully at ports of entry, but others have tried to enter illegally in more remote, unpopulated areas. Let me explain. I think Secretary Nielsen tried to make this distinction, but I am not sure it quite penetrated. If someone shows up at a port of entry and asks for asylum, they have not vio-lated our immigration laws, and their claim for asylum needs to be consid-ered by the Border Patrol and by the immigration judge to whom their case is assigned. If someone tries to enter the country between the ports of entry, they have violated a Federal law. Secretary Nielsen made the point that there is no reason for people legitimately claiming asylum to enter the country illegally when they can come through the ports of entry, much as Cubans have in times past during the existence of the so- called wet foot, dry foot policy that was later abrogated by President Obama. People with a credible fear of perse-cution in their home countries may present their claims through normal, well-defined processes. There is no rea-son for somebody to go to the far reaches of the frontier, the border re-gion—the Wild Wild West, as I like to call it—and try to come in by illicit means. There is simply no reason to do that if you have a legitimate claim for asylum. Nonetheless, many people opt to go that route anyway. For them, the Trump administration has made a deci-sion to enforce our laws on the books by prosecuting adults in criminal court when they are apprehended crossing our borders illegally. Those are laws passed by Congress, signed by the President of the United States, and the Trump administration has made the logical decision that it is their respon-sibility to enforce laws that are on the books. The relevant laws—the ones that make it illegal to cross the border in the first place, a misdemeanor, and it often makes subsequent crossings much more serious—have been on the books for many decades, but they were not always enforced by previous admin-istrations when families were involved. Now, because of a number of Federal court decisions, consent decrees, and statutes, an adult must be separated from a child as the legal process plays its way out. The reason I say that is we don’t want children going to jail with an adult who is being processed for ille-gally entering the United States. Chil-dren are, under current practice, placed in a separate, safe setting. They are not left unattended and fending for themselves against violent criminals who are being detained by regular ICE or Bureau of Prisons facilities. The relevant legal decisions, settle-ments, and statutes are important to acknowledge because, as the New York Times stated this past weekend, ‘‘Tech-nically, there is no Trump administra-tion policy stating that illegal border crossers must be separated from their children.’’ Instead, there are many variables that are hard to disentangle from one another: the current administration’s stepped-up enforcement directives, the so-called Flores agreement, which re-quires that children be held for no longer than 20 days, a Ninth Circuit opinion that applies Flores to family units, protracted timelines for asylum claims, limited detention facilities, and a division of responsibility among ICE, Health and Human Services, and other agencies. You can see how this quickly be-comes enormously complex because of the overlay of Federal law, consent de-crees, court judgments, and other di-vided responsibilities among Federal agencies. Underlying this complex array of fac-tors is something pretty uncontroversial, though. I think every Member of this Chamber will agree with the Trump administration that we should never be placing children in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.014 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4020 June 19, 2018 
prisons or jails with hardened crimi-nals when their parents are being pros-ecuted. By the same token, I and many oth-ers certainly don’t want family mem-bers to be separated from one another as a consequence of Department of Homeland Security and administration officials enforcing the laws they are sworn to uphold. What we are literally being told is that there is a false choice here. You can either enforce the law or unify family members. We are hearing from many of our Democratic colleagues that the administration ought to sim-ply quit enforcing the law, but we all have taken an oath to uphold and de-fend the Constitution and laws of the United States. Whether you are a legis-lator, the President of the United States, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, the head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, we have all taken that same oath. I know U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection folks, like Manny Padilla and David Higgerson and all the men and women who work under them in the Rio Grande Valley, are trying to do what is required of them by their job; that is, to enforce the law. That is a good thing. We appreciate all they do. The answer to this current situation is a solution that allows us to both en-force the law and keep families to-gether. They don’t have to be mutually exclusive. We have to keep family members together and prevent unnec-essary hardship, stress, and outrage. It is not our purpose to cause these chil-dren, in particular, the children who have been brought across our border il-legally by their parents—we are not trying take it out on them or punish them. We have heard about the con-sequences when family members are separated. Mental health problems may, for example, follow children all the way to adulthood. We need to be mindful of that risk and work to en-sure the children’s well-being. None other than former First Lady Laura Bush wrote this last weekend that she believes we can find a better answer to this current crisis, and I agree with her. In fact, we are off to a pretty good start. Some of my col-leagues and I, including the Presiding Officer’s staff, are working together to try to come up with a way to keep fam-ilies unified when they are detained at the border. I think our goals should be pretty clear and simple: Ensure that families stay together at ICE facilities while their criminal or civil proceedings are ongoing; clarify that the so-called Flo-res settlement does not apply to chil-dren who have crossed the border ille-gally with their parents; and promote the expedited consideration of detained families by immigration judges so that they are not left in limbo for any longer than is absolutely necessary. I believe these are the building blocks for a consensus approach, one that every Member—Republican and Democrat alike—could rally behind. Throughout the course of our discus-sions, though, one point has become in-creasingly clear. All of us believe that families crossing the border should be kept together. Where we differ is whether we believe we should also en-force our immigration laws. As I said, it need not be an either-or proposition. We can keep families uni-fied and at the same time remain reso-lute in enforcing our immigration laws. In fact, Congress wrote them, and it is within our prerogative to change them if we wish, but as long as they are on the books, I believe everyone from the President of the United States on down has a responsibility to enforce laws on the books. The Trump administration has said that it will not tolerate any violations of those laws or any others and that all offenders will remain on the table for prosecution. There is no reason for anybody to oppose what I have laid out. Either we are a nation of laws, with a government that enforces them, or we are a nation with no laws and open borders. I urge all of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to keep talking and keep an open mind. I believe that on a very contentious subject, like immi-gration, we could literally come to-gether and resolve this situation swift-ly and ensure that these children are kept with their families and the law is enforced, according to what the laws are on the books. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, as we await a 12:15 p.m. vote, I want to urge my colleagues to support the first amendment that we will be voting on today—the Gardner-Coons sense-of-the- Senate resolution, a resolution that fo-cuses on the importance of federally sponsored research for the advance-ment of scientific innovation. There are many great things to like about the program that is funded in this Energy and Water appropriations bill that is about to be before us, espe-cially the work funded by the U.S. De-partment of Energy. Our bipartisan resolution reinforces that message by acknowledging that the United States has long been a leader in innovation, in large part because of a critical role played by Federal funding for both basic and applied research. For decades, we have made invest-ments that have led to incredible breakthroughs instrumental to our current prosperity, economy, and jobs. The Department of Energy National Labs—the 17 labs across 11 States— have been at the forefront through that process since their founding. It is the creative, generative, innovative part-nership among these federally funded national labs, our network of univer-sities and colleges that conduct feder-ally funded and privately funded re-search, and the entrepreneurs and com-panies that take, through applied re-search, their innovations and inven-tions to the marketplace that in com-bination have created one of the most innovative, most competitive econo-mies in global history. I am grateful for the leadership of Senators A
LEXANDER and F EINSTEIN , the chair and ranking member of the Energy and Water Subcommittee of Appropriations, for having brought for-ward this balanced and thoughtful bill. I will remind my colleagues that for several years now, budgets presented by the executive branch have proposed deep and harmful cuts to the foundational, federally funded sci-entific research upon which the success of our innovation economy rests. I am thrilled that once again this year, on a bipartisan basis, we are rejecting those cuts and, instead, investing signifi-cantly more in Federal scientific re-search. I am grateful for the opportunity to partner with my colleague, the Senator from Colorado, in moving the sense of the Senate. I am hopeful that it begins to clarify on a bipartisan basis that this Chamber is committed to innova-tion, science, competitiveness, and re-search. With that, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
PANCREATIC CANCER RESEARCH  
Mr. President, while we are waiting for floor action, I will briefly share with my colleagues that my day began with my speaking to the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network, which is made up of more than 500 Americans who have come from all 50 States and who are all across Capitol Hill right now, meeting with those in offices of the House and the Senate. They are folks who have lost loved ones—family mem-bers, relatives, neighbors—to one of the deadliest cancers, pancreatic cancer. They are here to urge that we invest more in medical research. This is a cancer that has affected families all over our country, but without greater investment in research, we cannot bend the trajectory of this dread disease. It was just last February that I lost my own father to pancreatic cancer, and this year was my first Father’s Day without him. I am grateful for the opportunity to have joined this morn-ing with these Americans from every State. I join with them in urging my colleagues to consider investing more this year in research to end this scourge of pancreatic cancer. I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.015 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4021 June 19, 2018 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:37 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. W
ICKER ). 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I think we are going to have a couple of votes shortly on amendments. Senator A
LEX-
ANDER and I will offer one to the under-lying bill. I think Senator C
OONS will offer another one along with, I believe, Senator R
OUNDS . 
AMENDMENT NO . 2920 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2910 
As Members are returning from their caucus lunches, I will kick it off and lay the groundwork for the amendment Senator A
LEXANDER and I will be offer-ing. I believe we have Senate amend-ment No. 2920 at the desk on behalf of Senator A
LEXANDER and myself. I ask unanimous consent that amend-ment No. 2920 be called up and made the pending business. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. C ARPER ] proposes an amendment numbered 2920 to amendment No. 2910. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To direct the Secretary of the Army to submit a report on the status of returning to non-Federal project sponsors excess non-Federal funds) On page 14, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: S
EC. 106. Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) includes a list of all cost-shared Corps projects that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (A) are physically and fiscally complete; and (B) for which excess non-Federal funds have not been returned to the non-Federal project sponsor; and (2) with respect to each project listed under paragraph (1), describes the status of— (A) returning the excess funds to the non- Federal project sponsor; and (B) providing the non-Federal project spon-sor a final accounting of the project. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, the amendment Senator A
LEXANDER and I are offering is a bipartisan effort, as you can tell. It is the result of discus-sions between Senator A
LEXANDER ’s Appropriations Committee staff and the staff who works for us on the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee. The amendment would require the Corps to report to Congress on the sta-tus of Corps project expenses. The amendment would allow project spon-sors to receive a final cost accounting of project dollars so that they under-stand how those dollars are spent and know whether there are excess unspent funds and whether those funds are being returned to State and local gov-ernment or to the Federal Government. As many of our colleagues know, the Senate is getting ready to address soon—probably, if not this month, then next month—the water resources devel-opment legislation that Senator B
AR-
RASSO , our chairman on Environment and Public Works, and I and other col-leagues have worked on. It was re-ported unanimously out of the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee. That bill, which is called America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, makes investments in updating and ex-panding water infrastructure systems throughout the country. Along with re-authorizing the ongoing work of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, our leg-islation addresses a wide variety of pri-orities. Again, it was reported unani-mously out of our committee about a month or so ago, 21 to 0. In the drafting of this legislation, several concerns were raised about how the Corps selects and prioritizes projects for construction, as well as what happens to excess local cost share dollars at the end of a project. For ex-ample, in my home State of Delaware, our State agency that sponsors the beach renourishment and other shore-line protection projects has been ask-ing the Corps for a detailed balance sheet for years to understand how funds are being allocated on various projects and how local tax dollars are being spent. Unfortunately, that mate-rial has never been provided despite re-peated requests. Delaware is not alone in this. The Senator from Kansas, Mr. M
ORAN , has brought to my attention an issue of malfunctioning radial arm gates—also called Tainter gates—on a reservoir in his home State of Kansas. The local ir-rigation district was billed for the re-pairs of the gates, which was added as an additional cost to their annual share of the operations and mainte-nance of that project. Although the irrigation district has been paying on this bill, they never knew how much it actually cost to re-pair the gates. It took my staff and Senator B
ARRASSO ’s staff to find out that the total cost of repairs was $31 million. This means, according to the Corps, that the remaining local cost share is about $5 million. However, be-cause there is not a detailed account-ing, the question has been raised about whether the Corps billed the irrigation district correctly. If the Corps had ac-counted for this program correctly, the cost share should have been about $1 million. That difference of $4 million may not sound like a lot to us here in the Senate or in the Federal Govern-ment, but $4 million to a local rural ir-rigation district is a lot of money. Sadly, as I said before, this data has not been provided to many cost share partners, as is the law, and we need to get to the bottom of why and where it is happening. Senator ALEXANDER and I believe that this report that is being requested sets the stage for more transparency and better budgeting at the Corps, which is also a theme in the America’s Water Infrastructure Act that we will be addressing, I hope, next month. Let me conclude by once more thank-ing Chairman A
LEXANDER and his staff for working with my staff and me and also with Senator B
ARRASSO on the water resources development legisla-tion and on this amendment. It truly is a bipartisan amendment and a good one to start off the discussion on the underlying bill. We are pleased to be a part of this, and we look forward to passing this important piece of legisla-tion that is critical to funding a cen-tral piece of our Nation’s economic in-frastructure. I encourage support for my amend-ment. I yield the floor to Senator A
LEX-
ANDER and look forward to working with him as we go forward. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Dela-ware for his customary leadership. He has been wise to come up with this idea. In some cases, the Corps of Engineers has completed projects under budget. The Corps had excess non-Federal funds paid by the project’s sponsor. His amendment, which I am happy to cosponsor, requires the Corps to pro-vide a list of all the projects that have been completed and have excess non- Federal funds that have not been re-turned to the project sponsor put on that list. It also requires the Corps to provide a final accounting for each project and the status of the Corps’ plan to return the excess non-Federal funds. It does not increase Federal spending. It is intended to ensure that the Corps returns excess non-Federal funds to project sponsors in a timely manner. Let me thank the Republican and Democratic staffs for working with us through the morning in the customary smooth way to get an appropriations bill on the floor. This is the first vote on the appro-priations bills this week. We will vote on the Coons-Gardner amendment first and then on the Carper-Alexander amendment second. We have several other amendments waiting for consid-eration. Senators T
HUNE and D URBIN  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.018 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4022 June 19, 2018 
have one that should be filed shortly; Senators H
ATCH and U DALL , the same. We hope to have more votes later this afternoon, hopefully in the area of 5 o’clock. That will be up to the major-ity leader and the Democratic leader, but we will let Senators know about that. Senators B
OOZMAN , D AINES , and I, and our Democratic colleagues hope that Senators and their staff will file today any amendments they wish to have included in these three appropria-tions bills. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2914 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2910 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to call up amendment No. 2914 and ask that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
(Purpose: To express the sense of the Senate regarding the need for funding for innova-tive scientific research) At the end of title III of division A, add the following: 
SEC. 30lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING INNOVATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the United States leads the world in in-novation through scientific research; (2) many technologies making major con-tributions to the United States economy were created through Federal support for sci-entific research, including nuclear power, the laser, the personal computer, the inter-net, and Global Positioning Systems; and (3) in recognition of the importance of in-novation through scientific research and de-velopment, Congress increased appropria-tions for Department of Energy research and development programs for fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) to maintain the position of the United States as a world leader in innovation, Con-gress and the Secretary of Energy should continue to support innovative science re-search and development at National Labora-tories and institutions of higher education, along with private partners and nonprofit re-search organizations, through sustained ro-bust and reliable funding in specific research areas, including— (A) exascale computing and supercom-puting; (B) quantum and photonic information sciences; (C) biological and environmental research; (D) energy; and (E) materials and manufacturing; and (2) Congress should continue to increase scientific research and development fund-ing— (A) to ensure future technological ad-vances continue to spur innovation; (B) to help companies create good paying jobs; and (C) to strengthen national security. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be 10 minutes of debate and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote in relation to the Gardner amendment and the Carper amendment and that there be no sec-ond-degree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, earlier when I spoke about the amendment with Senator COONS as the lead Demo-crat, I mentioned the wrong cosponsor. I would correct myself to say it is not Senator R
OUNDS , who does great legis-lation, but in this case, it is Senator G
ARDNER . Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, Senator C
OONS has already spoken. I yield back all time on this side. Mr. CARPER. I yield back our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question occurs on agreeing to amend-ment No. 2914. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 93, nays 3, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 130 Leg.] YEAS—93 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—3 
Lee Paul Toomey 
NOT VOTING—4 
Duckworth McCain Nelson Shaheen 
The amendment (No. 2914) was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2920 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to Carper amendment No. 2920. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 96, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 131 Leg.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—4 
Duckworth McCain Nelson Shaheen 
The amendment (No. 2920) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the Leg-islative Branch bill, as advanced from the Committee on Appropriations, pro-vides $4.79 billion for Congress and its support agencies. That is $90 million above the fiscal year 2018 enacted level of $4.7 billion. This bill provides just over $1 billion for Senate-only items, which is an in-crease of $5 million from last year; $1.4 billion is included for House only items, and $2.3 billion is provided for joint Senate and House items, which in total meets the $4.79 billion legislative branch allocation for fiscal year 2019. We have made thoughtful decisions about how to prioritize investments for this fiscal year. Resources are allo-cated in a responsible way to maintain existing services and allow for critical investments in numerous needed areas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.021 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4023 June 19, 2018 
For example, this bill will strengthen security on the Capitol campus and en-sure that the men and women who pro-tect our visitors, our staff, and Mem-bers have the support and resources they need to do their jobs. And $453 million is included for the Capitol Po-lice, which is a $26.5 million increase from last year. In fact, just 1 year ago last Thursday, we witnessed tragedy strike on a base-ball field in Alexandria, where the lives of our colleagues and their family and friends were put in imminent danger. Last week’s Congressional Baseball Game was a reminder of the bravery demonstrated by my friend, Represent-ative S
TEVE SCALISE , our Capitol Po-lice officers, and all those tragically af-fected that day. The unfortunate re-ality remains that the Capitol Complex and its occupants face an evolving and growing threat environment, and this bill will help address these needs. This bill also addresses cyber secu-rity threats by providing funding for the Sergeant at Arms Senate network cyber security initiatives. Further, this bill demands a rigorous review be-fore any telecommunications equip-ment from companies linked to Russia, China, Iran, or North Korea can be ac-quired by legislative branch agencies. This bill also promotes transparency for the American people by including a provision called e-file, which stream-lines the process for Senate campaign filings, requiring Senate candidates to follow the same standard of trans-parency required by all other Federal candidates. This provision enhances government transparency, reduces un-necessary bureaucratic redtape, and would save hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars by having can-didates—Senate candidates—file di-rectly with the Federal Election Com-mission, instead of the current paper- based practice. This bill provides $933 million for the Senate, which is $13 million above last year. I want to specifically note that $5 million is designated for the sole pur-pose of voluntary compensation of Sen-ate interns by Senate offices. This ad-ditional funding will help ensure that the broadest possible pool of intern candidates have the opportunity to serve. Washington, DC, is a very expen-sive place, and it is good to see this provision in the bill. There is also $1 million provided to support ongoing Congressional Ac-countability Act reform efforts to in-crease compliance and support training of legislative branch offices and agen-cies on harassment and discrimination in the workplace. These are just a few of the many highlights of the bill. I want to thank my ranking member, Senator M
URPHY , for working with me to craft this bi-partisan legislation. I also appreciate the support of the Committee on Ap-propriations in favorably reporting the Legislative Branch appropriations bill unanimously for consideration by the full U.S. Senate. I respect Chairman SHELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY for their efforts to work in a bipartisan manner to bring bills to the Senate floor and end this path of yet another year-end omnibus and more CRS. It was good to see a couple of amendment votes just before I started speaking. That is a healthy sign of stronger bipartisanship and get-ting the Senate back to regular order— executing, blocking, and tackling, as we should, for the American people. It has been almost a decade—listen to this—it has been almost a decade since a Legislative Branch appropria-tions bill has received consideration on the floor outside of a large year-end spending bill. It is important for us as a body to return to regular order on ap-propriations bills and fund the govern-ment in a timely and more transparent manner. I urge my colleagues to support the adoption of the package of appropria-tions bills before the U.S. Senate. I look forward to working with Senators on any amendments they may have to the legislative branch division. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I am here to join Senator D
AINES in recom-mending the Legislative appropriations bill to our colleagues. I note his his-tory lesson—10 years since we passed a Legislative Branch appropriations bill on the floor of the Senate. During none of those 10 years was Senator D
AINES  chairman of the Appropriations sub-committee on the Legislative Branch. Things are changing here, and it has been a real pleasure and honor to work with Senator D
AINES on this bill, which we bring to the floor in a bipartisan manner. Let me be brief in not trying to cover the ground that Senator D
AINES has al-ready covered, but I agree; I think this is a good bill, one that we can all sup-port. Let me add a few pieces to some of the highlights my colleague laid out for you. The first of those is the fact that this bill commits us to finally re-storing GAO staffing to its 2011 levels. This is really important because every dollar we appropriate to GAO gets about a $128 taxpayer return because of the efficiencies they recommend that then get adopted. GAO lost about 343 staff from 2002 to 2003 during the se-quester. We are putting them back to the place where they can do important work for us. Second, let me reiterate the impor-tant investments we are making in the Capitol Police. The threats that we face and our staff face and visitors face aren’t imaginary. Again, it was a year ago last week when a gunman came after our colleagues in the House and the Senate at a baseball practice off campus. It is important that this bill recognizes the threats we face are not just on campus but are in other places around the Capitol and has some re-sources to make sure that both the Capitol Police and the Senate Sergeant at Arms are making sure that Members and staff are protected not only on campus but also at events off campus that may come with certain serious risks. In this bill, CRS is put on a path to restore its 13-percent staff loss. Again, over the course of sequester, a lot of the agencies that serve us took some pretty serious hits. They don’t make that up in this bill, but they are set on a path where they can get back to the kind of footing we are putting GAO on in this legislation. A long-needed mod-ernization of the copyright office is kicked off in this legislation. Again, that is a long-term plan, but we are kicking it off. It is very, very much overdue. We are also beginning another proc-ess that I think will be really impor-tant to the campus. We are beginning the process of exploring options to ex-pand the size of the Senate childcare center. Pretty much every large em-ployer in the country offers some level of childcare services to employees. The Senate barely does that. We have 6,200 employees and just 68 childcare slots. There are actually only nine infant slots in the Senate. Over the course of the last few years, the House has tri-pled the size of its childcare center. We are going to begin taking a look at what the options might be to expand our capacity as well. Let me end by highlighting, again, this small fund in the bill that will allow Senators to begin paying interns. It is important to note that this is to-tally optional, so any Senator who wants to use this fund can, only for the purpose of paying interns. If they don’t use it, it goes right back to the Treas-ury. Each of us has our own unique jour-ney as to how we got to be a U.S. Sen-ator; mine started as a Senate intern. I was an intern for Senator Chris Dodd, but there is no way I could have taken advantage of that opportunity had my family not had the resources to be able to send me to Washington for a sum-mer, had I not had the family resources to be able to pay rent for a summer. The fact is, that experience is fore-closed to far too many American chil-dren because many Senate offices—not all but many Senate offices—do not pay their interns. This would at least give the option for Senate offices to do the same. Let me again thank Senator D
AINES —we worked really well to-gether on this bill—and Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L EAHY . It is good that we are bringing back regular order, at least for now, on the appro-priations process. My view is that the default position on these bills should be to allow amendments to come to the floor and to have a vote; that we shouldn’t have to twist so many arms in order to get votes on amendments; that we shouldn’t be afraid of putting our vote down on any particular amendment, whether it be an easy one or a tough 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.025 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4024 June 19, 2018 
one. We are beginning to start exer-cising those muscles on this minibus. I thank Chairman D
AINES , Chairman S
HELBY , and Vice Chairman L EAHY for their work in allowing us to bring this product to the floor. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to talk about the accomplishments the Senate was able to achieve yesterday with the passage of the National De-fense Authorization Act. In doing that, I want to highlight a couple of items as a member of the Armed Services Com-mittee that I worked on that I am very proud of but that I think also dem-onstrate the our ability to work in a bipartisan fashion because the three items I will mention were heavily bi-partisan. They also give some illustra-tion of the breadth of the defense au-thorization act—this act which we pass every year that is hundreds of billions of dollars to support the American military and contains so many dif-ferent kinds of provisions to try to help defend the Nation and protect those who serve it. What I would love to do, after I say a word about our chair, Senator M
CCAIN, is talk about military families, talk about shipbuilding, and talk about smart power. Let me first just give a shout-out to Senator M
CCAIN. He was sorely missed as our chairman during the month of May when we were in crunch time in the committee around this bill. It was bittersweet to see its passage yester-day without having him in the Cham-ber to lead the discussion and be here at passage. Yet I give great credit to Senator I
NHOFE , who stepped into the chair’s shoes for purposes of the mark-up and the floor action; to Senator R
EED, the ranking member on the com-mittee; and to Senator M
CCAIN’s staff, who peppered us with advice from the boss when calling in from Arizona dur-ing the whole process. We missed him, but he was definitely there, and we were encouraged to do our best work as we thought about him during the proc-ess. With regard to military families, when I was elected to the Senate in 2013, we had a scandal in the country. I viewed it as a scandal. The unemploy-ment rate for veterans was dramati-cally higher than the national average, especially for Iraq- and Afghan-era war veterans who were enlisted. They would serve the country and be de-ployed, often repeatedly. They would come back home and not be able to find jobs. I worked together with colleagues on the Armed Services Committee and with many great employers in the pri-vate and public sectors and am proud to tell you that from 2013 to today, the veterans’ unemployment rate has gone down dramatically. It is now less than the national average. When we focused on it, we tackled the problem, and we made progress. Yet, in recent years, as I have been traveling around Virginia, a new prob-lem has emerged, and that is the unem-ployment rate for military spouses. It is even hard to know the number. Do you know why? It is that when we do the monthly studies, the Department of Labor asks a person: Are you a vet-eran? Yet it doesn’t ask if one is a mili-tary spouse. So, to get at the number, when you hear story after story after story, you have to take some fairly broad surveys. Blue Star families will take these surveys every year. What we find is, the unemployment rate for military spouses is anywhere from three to five times the national average. One can immediately grasp why—moving to a new place in the middle of the year, having to get ad-justed, maybe having to find a place for school. If you are moving and you have a job that has some kind of a license or credential—it could be as a cosmetolo-gist, as a real estate agent, as an attor-ney, as a teacher—sometimes the cre-dential doesn’t automatically transfer. Sometimes it will only transfer if you pay a big fee, money which you may not have. As I have traveled around Virginia— a military State—and as I have talked to my own son, who is in the Marine Corps and who has a wife who is a mili-tary spouse, and have heard about their challenges, I have suddenly real-ized we need to do something about un-employment among military spouses. It is fair for these spouses who sac-rifice—and they have so much to offer—but it is also the case that if you do not try to help support military families, then members of the military will leave. Our brass will always tell us it is the individual’s decision to join, but it is usually the family’s decision to stay. Unless we can support military spouses, people who might want to make careers out of the military serv-ice leave prematurely. So we are des-tined to and really need to do this. This year, I introduced two bills—the Military Spouse Employment Act and the Jobs and Childcare for Military Families Act—after hearing from spouses in Virginia and elsewhere. I ac-knowledge Senators P
ERDUE , MURRAY , B
OOZMAN , T ESTER , R OUNDS , G ILLI-
BRAND , CARDIN , and W ARREN —a very bi-partisan group of Senators who worked with me on these two bills. I am proud to say the overwhelming number of provisions of both of these bills is part of the National Defense Authorization Act, which passed last night. After we introduced the bills in the Senate, companion bills were introduced in the House that made it into the House’s version as well. As we conference, we ought to be able to take a big step for-ward for military spouses. The bills do a number of things that are all responsive to the concerns raised by military spouses. They make it easier to get more childcare workers on or near bases so people can find childcare if they work. They make it easier for Federal agen-cies to hire military spouses. Some-times the best jobs are on or around military bases or are at other Federal agencies. The preferential or expedited hiring preferences for military spouses is part of this. We allow military spouses to take ad-vantage of something called the career advancement account, which would en-able a military spouse to take a course. What if you are done with your coursework and what you really need are the dollars to get a license or to transfer your credential? The career advancement account should be able to be used for that. The bill allows military spouses to go to transition classes with their service-member spouses before they transition out. The transition from Active to vet-eran status is a family thing, and spouses have every need to participate in transition planning as the service-members do. Finally, to help in that transition process, the bill will allow military spouses to take advantage of coun-seling and career coaching for up to a year after the servicemembers leave Active-Duty service. Again, this is bipartisan—supported in both Houses by Members of both parties—and it will be part of the NDAA. God willing, we will conference, and it will go to the President’s desk. My goal is that we start to make the same progress in bringing down the un-employment rate for military spouses as we were able to do with respect to veterans. The second is shipbuilding. Virginia is a shipbuilding State. If anybody ever tells me American manufacturing is dead, I say: Come with me to the Hun-tington Ingalls shipyard in Newport News, VA, and I will show you Amer-ican workers manufacturing the most complicated items on planet Earth— nuclear aircraft carriers and sub-marines. The shipbuilding budget deal that is in the works now is strong. Last year, in the NDAA, we made a commitment to go from a 270-ship Navy to 355 ships. This would be a multiple-decades-long commitment. We did that last year. This year, together with the budget deal, we are making that strong budg-etary investment in growing our ship-building capacity. We owe it to our shipbuilders, and we owe it to our mili-tary to stay on this path and give them some certainty so we can have these important assets with which to protect the Nation. Two Fridays ago, I held a symposium at Hampton Roads—the future of a 355- ship Navy—that focused on workforce needs. Some of the shipbuilders that will build these ships are in prekinder-garten right now. We need to have an education system that teaches them about the opportunities that will posi-tion them for success in technical fields and that encourages and incentivizes them to do it. The shipbuilding and ship repair pro-visions of the NDAA are the best in any of the years I have been on the Armed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.026 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4025 June 19, 2018 
Services Committee in the Senate, and that is good news for the defense of the Nation and good news for shipbuilding communities, like Hampton Roads or Bath, ME, or Portsmouth or the gulf or Puget Sound or Hawaii. These ship-building and ship repair communities will benefit. Finally, there is smart power. Some-times the best power is not military power. Sometimes the best power is di-plomacy or the USAID, the Agency for International Development. We have to use the right tool to accomplish the right objective. In both of the last two NDAAs, I offered amendments that al-lowed the Department of Defense to transfer its resources—if there is a checkoff by the Secretary of Defense— to other Federal agencies if they will do a better job with the task at hand. Let me give you an example. Our military has done a great job in the battle against ISIS, in beating ISIS on the battlefield. Yet, once you have beaten ISIS on the battlefield, how do you stop it from coming back? How do you hold onto territory and not allow the reemergence of terrorist organiza-tions? One way is by developing local economies and strengthening local in-stitutions so the urge or the tendency for terrorist groups to move into a power vacuum is dampened. Sometimes the military is good at that, but the military would acknowledge that sometimes the best way to build insti-tutions and stabilize communities is to grow their economies—that is what the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment does—or to build civilian institu-tions. The State Department does that. In this year’s NDAA, as in last year’s, in a pile of projects so we can assess how it works, we have given the Department of Defense the ability to provide support to these other agencies as they try to stabilize regions once conflict has been reduced. This is going to be of enormous importance for Iraq and Syria and Afghanistan. The nice thing about this is there was bipartisan support, and it was requested by the Department of Defense. You know your DOD leaders are on the ball when they are saying: Give us more ability to allow the State Department and USAID to do the things they are better at than we are. Again, these are just three examples, and I could list 1,000 provisions that are in the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act that are novel and creative and that are completely bipartisan. At a time when so many things seem par-tisan, it is nice to know that when it comes to the defense of the Nation, Democrats and Republicans can work together after having been inspired by the hectoring phone calls from Senator M
CCAINand his staff to produce some-thing that is really positive for the country. I celebrate its passage in the Senate last night and look forward to working with my colleagues when the matter comes back to us following the conference with the House. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. WORLD REFUGEE DAY  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, tomor-row, June 20, is World Refugee Day. The United Nations General Assembly in 2000 declared June 20 to be World Refugee Day so we can have public awareness and support for refugees, asylum seekers, and displaced people. The numbers are now out as to the number of displaced people in the year 2017, and that number is kind of shock-ing. It is record-setting for recent times—65.6 million people are displaced from their homes today. Over 22 mil-lion are refugees, over 40 million are displaced in their own country—inter-nally displaced individuals, and almost 3 million are asylum seekers. These numbers rival the number of displaced people we saw after World War II. Fifty-five percent of the refugees come from three countries: Syria, Af-ghanistan, and South Sudan. We have seen recent additions to the number of displaced people. In Burma, the Rohingya Muslims were forced out of their homes, and 650,000 had to flee. In the Central African Republic, we saw, again by reason of conflict, a lot of people being displaced. In our own hemisphere in Venezuela, there are 1.5 million people displaced from that con-flict, and of course we all are familiar with the problems in Central America and El Salvador, Guatemala, and Hon-duras—countries which have been plagued by violence, from which a lot of families have tried to escape in order to save their children. In Syria, there are 12 million dis-placed people. That is over half the population of Syria as a result of the conflict and the ISIS campaign. Over half the people in that country are dis-placed. When we talk about the impact it has on other countries when individ-uals seek to leave and become refu-gees—in Lebanon, for example, 1 mil-lion Syrians have fled to Lebanon. In Jordan, 660,000 Syrians have fled to Jordan. These countries have been pre-pared to take in these refugees. The impact, of course, is immediate to the individuals who are displaced. There is also an impact on the region, and as far away as we have seen the distances people will go in order to seek safety, there has been a major impact on the Continent of Europe. I will be introducing a resolution for the U.S. Senate to go on record recog-nizing World Refugee Day. It will reaf-firm the U.S. Government commitment to uphold international leadership, our strong support for humanitarian assist-ance, particularly in helping host coun-tries’ living conditions. I just saw the press accounts of the Rohingya popu-lation living in tent cities during the monsoon season who are at great risk. We need to join the international com-munity that is working to help these vulnerable people. The resolution speaks to us partnering with our international com-munities. This is an international ef-fort, with U.S. leadership. We are re-affirming our longstanding tradition of resettling refugees in the United States. I have worked on this issue since I have been in Congress, and it has al-ways been bipartisan. I have had strong partners on both the Democratic and Republican side fighting for America to maintain its leadership against the vulnerable people in the world who have been displaced and the refugee population and the asylum seekers. I remember vividly working with Senator M
CCAINon humanitarian aid and holding those who prey on these vulnerable people who are displaced, the perpetrators, accountable for their human rights violations. There have been many other examples of us work-ing together. We should be welcoming the persecuted and vulnerable refugees in the United States, recognizing that America’s strength is in our diversity, the people who braved coming to this country who built this great country, the United States of America. So I need to comment that President Trump’s policies stand in sharp con-trast to what America’s role must be in regard to promoting the welfare of dis-placed people as we tomorrow celebrate World Refugee Day. I know the subject that is getting the most debate right now—and rightly so, and I am going to talk about it—is the removal of chil-dren from their parents at our border, which, to me, is an abomination. I am going to talk about that, but that is not the only problematic part of Presi-dent Trump’s refugee policies. This administration has reduced dra-matically the refugee caps for those permitted to resettle in the United States. We believe the number is as high as an 83 percent reduction in America’s willingness to accept refu-gees. Here we are with global leader-ship asking countries to keep their bor-ders open for those who are at risk to enter their country, and we are closing our borders. That is not what the world leader does in that regard. We have seen policies that discrimi-nate against who can come to this country. There is no question the Trump administration tried to impose a Muslim ban, a religious test, as to who could come to this country. We heard the President’s comments about certain countries, which raised ques-tions about whether the demographics of that country affect the ability of people being able to come to America. We have seen this administration pro-pose, time and time again, cuts in hu-manitarian aid to vulnerable, displaced people in order to fund a wall on our southern border. Then there are the Dreamers, the DACA registrants. Through Executive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.031 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4026 June 19, 2018 
order, President Trump created a prob-lem that didn’t exist for the Dreamers who were given status to be able to work and go to school under an Execu-tive order by President Obama. Presi-dent Trump changed that by Executive order. It wasn’t Congress. Congress didn’t create the problem, the Presi-dent did. Then we have those who are legally here—legally here under temporary status, TPS—from El Salvador, Haiti, Nicaragua, and other countries. They have been here a long time because the conditions in their country have not changed. It is still not safe for them to go back to their country. They are le-gally in the United States, and against the recommendations of our own mis-sions in these countries, the Trump ad-ministration decided to put an ending date for their legal status in the United States, meaning, even though they have been here for 15 years, they are going to have to leave America. That is done by Executive action by President Trump, not by Congress. We didn’t cre-ate this problem—whether it is the Dreamers or TPS, the President could change that today with the stroke of a pen. Then we have asylum seekers. Asy-lum seekers are the most persecuted. Their own lives are at risk if they have to go back to their host countries. What did Attorney General Sessions do? He removed victims of domestic abuse and gang violence from those who can seek asylum in the United States. They did that by Executive ac-tion, not Congress. We didn’t create this problem. The Trump administra-tion created the problem, and they could change it with the stroke of a pen. Yes, there are a lot of issues where I believe President Trump’s policies are not what America is about, whether it is support for humanitarian aid or whether it is the number of refugees we accept or whether it is dealing with the Dreamers or those in TPS, the asylum seekers. All of that, to me, violates the basic principles of America that make us the strong Nation we are. The most recent force of separation of parents from their children at our southern border is outrageous, and it is affecting people’s lives every day—chil-dren’s lives every day. Let me set this up because, again, this was done by the President. He can correct it with the stroke of a pen. Congress didn’t create the problem; the President did this. The President can change this today. It is my understanding that as many as 70 children every single day are being separated from their parents at our southern border. This can’t wait until tomorrow. Each one of these chil-dren will be scarred for the rest of their life because of this cruel and inhumane policy announced by the Trump admin-istration. Let me set this up as to how this hap-pened, because there is no law requir-ing this. The President decided that be-cause you happen to be a parent con-cerned about your child’s life—you live in a country in which you have a choice of your child joining a gang—by the way, if you join a gang, you are going to have to take someone else’s life. That is usually the admission to join a gang. And if you refuse to join a gang, not only is your life at risk, but your family’s life is at risk. So what would you do as a father or a mother if your child were in that position? You are trying to seek the safety of your child, so you leave and you come to our southern border. Now you are told you are going to lose your child in separa-tion for doing what—trying to protect that child’s life? Is that the United States? No, it isn’t. But that is the pol-icy President Trump has now estab-lished at our southern border. It has to end, and it can end today by the President of the United States signing an order saying we are not going to do that. We all want to have rule of law and enforcement of laws at our border. We understand that. But you don’t separate children from their parents. That can change, and we need to change it. Why are we doing this? Attorney General Sessions said we are doing this as a deterrent. We take children away from parents as a deter-rent when parents are acting in order to protect their children? That makes absolutely no sense. Then I heard: Congress could take ac-tion. The President said that. We could take action. Our domestic policies must support our fundamental ideals of compassion and freedom and unwaver-ing support for human rights. I agree with that. Yes, it would be nice for Congress to pass laws. I am all for doing that. We saw that we weren’t even able to pass a bill protecting the Dreamers, even though Democrats and Republicans agreed on it, because President Trump wanted to use that for leverage for his wall and for repres-sive immigration policies. Let’s not go down another path where we are going to have delay after delay and children being separated from parents every day. It is President Trump’s responsibility to correct this today. Yes, we should work on legislation. I applaud Senator F
EINSTEIN for her leg-islation that would keep families to-gether with the proper legal process. I congratulate Senator S
MITH for the HELP Separated Children Act, which gives fundamental principles. A lot of us have talked about various parts of immigration reform and comprehen-sive immigration reform. I am all for that. I voted for comprehensive immi-gration reform. But make no mistake about it—children are being taken away from their parents today by U.S. authorities on our southern border, when their parents have done nothing other than try to protect their chil-dren. It is happening today, and the way to change it today is for President Trump to say that is not what we are going to do here in America. I stand ready to work with any of my col-leagues on reasonable laws that could protect the vulnerable people. Tomorrow, as I said, is World Ref-ugee Day, where we have record num-bers of people who have been displaced. America has the responsibility to be a leader on these issues and to lead by example, recognizing that diversity is our strength. We have responsibilities to those who have been persecuted to welcome them under our reasonable vetting rules so that we can, in fact, live up to our principles and lead the world. I ask my colleagues—on the eve of World Refugee Day—let us work to-gether. I ask President Trump to do the right thing and reverse these re-pressive, un-American policies that he has put into place. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, for the information of Senators and staffs, the leadership staffs are talking now about the possibility of a vote at about 4:45 this afternoon on a proposal by Senator C
RAPO and Senator W HITE-
HOUSE , which would be a pilot program for advanced reactor fuel. I am saying this just for the information of Sen-ators. The vote is not set yet, but we are hopeful that it will be. As soon as we have final clearance, we will let Senators know. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The Senator from New Jer-sey. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the humanitarian crisis that we are facing at this mo-ment in our country. It is a moral cri-sis. It is a crisis that didn’t come about by some natural disaster; it has been manufactured by the actions of the Trump administration and the actions of our President. Since this past April, over 2,700 chil-dren—some of them just infants—have been forcibly separated from their par-ents. That is about 45 children every single day. These children have been ripped from the arms of their parents, in some cases literally. These children have been imprisoned or deported, and at this very moment, many of these children are being warehoused. Some of them are put in what amount to cages, and some of them are being covered with thin, tinfoil-like blankets that we see handed out to marathon runners. I know these children are experi-encing great fear, great trauma, won-dering where their parents are, won-dering what will happen to them, con-fused, feeling isolated and alone. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.032 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4027 June 19, 2018 
are wondering if they did something wrong, and they are wondering what they did to deserve this. But more than that, we know these children are en-during psychological damage, which is literally having a physical effect on their brains. Pediatricians and re-searchers know trauma like this cre-ates toxic stress. These children are en-during things that affect the develop-ment of their brains and their life’s well-being. The research is clear. They found that separating children from parents literally changes the makeup of their brains—this level of cortisol, this level of trauma. One pediatric ex-pert called the effect of this kind of family separation ‘‘catastrophic’’ on those children. At this very moment, so many Amer-icans, these children, and others are wondering what happened to the Amer-ica that we believe in, that we know, and that we hale. What is happening to this Nation that has for so long been a symbol of hope, a symbol of oppor-tunity? How can we be seeing an Amer-ica and how can they be experiencing an America that is so different from what we say we are? Well, the answer to the question, unfortunately, is pain-ful, and it is direct. A little over 2 months ago, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen, and President Donald Trump made the decision to institute what they are calling a zero tolerance policy when it comes to individuals and families who cross the southern border without doc-umentation or authorization. The pol-icy dictates that any adult who ille-gally crosses the southern border will be subject to Federal prosecution and therefore placed in Federal custody. When the Trump administration in-stituted this policy, they knew exactly what they were doing. They were con-cerned, probably, with the fallout— what this might mean, what people might say—but they clearly knew, con-sciously knew what would happen be-cause any accompanying children could not be placed in criminal deten-tion facilities with their parents once their parents were charged and de-tained. The families would be sepa-rated. The forced separation of children and families was not an unintended consequence of the Trump administra-tion policy; it was and is a purposeful decision done with full consciousness of the impact on families and children. As news reports and photos of this in-humane policy that is shocking the consciousness of Americans—not left or right, not Republican or Democrat; it is shocking the consciousness of America—as images of these actions have spread over the past several days, we have seen the President and mem-bers of the administration try to dis-tance themselves from the very policy they created. They have even gone so far—and it is not shocking at this point, but to hear the President out- and-out lie and try to blame Democrats in Congress, try to blame a Federal law, try to blame anything and not ac-cept responsibility, when clearly, as my colleague L
INDSEY GRAHAM has said, this is something that didn’t come about from this body—this didn’t come about because of some Demo-crats. C
HUCK SCHUMER didn’t do this. N
ANCY PELOSI didn’t do this. This was a decision made by our President that he could stop right now, as Senator G
RAHAM said, with a phone call. So let’s be clear about something. This is a policy. This is a decision. This is a President who is assaulting—it is moral vandalism—the values, the com-mon decency of our country, the ideals we hold dear. This is being carried out by Trump administration officials— something that can be reversed with a phone call. So this moment really is a moment of moral reckoning in the United States of America. It is a low point. It is a heartbreaking point. I am one of those people who believe that if this country hasn’t broken your heart, you probably don’t love her enough. This is one of those moments, as we have seen in the past, where we will be judged. How we react in this moral moment— future generations will look back at this crossroads of conscience in the same way we look back at some of the most shameful chapters, shameful mo-ments in our history. They will look back and see what we did, what we said, how we acted, how we stood up, how we fought, how we demanded dur-ing this time. Today, we look back at the horrors of slavery and the shame of that time and the way that purposefully fracturing families was used to terrorize and sub-jugate Black Americans, how children were torn from the mothers and sold away, how wives and husbands were violently separated. We know these acts were not just financial decisions on the part of slave owners. It was deeper than that. It was this idea of subjugating, this idea of dehumanizing, this idea that if you so demonize people and dehumanize them, it makes it easi-er to victimize those folks, to assault their dignity, unconscious of the fact that when you assault the dignity of others, you assault the dignity of your-self. Today, we look back with shame and regret at the practice of the intern-ment of Japanese Americans, the out- and-out violation of our values and ideals as a country. Our fellow Ameri-cans—over 120,000 men, women, and children—were forcibly removed from their homes and put into detainment and internment camps. Today, we look back with deep shame and regret at how Jewish refugees flee-ing from the Holocaust were turned away from our shores, many who were sent back to Germany and killed by the Nazis. Today, we look back with shame at the way Native American families were separated, their children taken and sent to boarding schools where they were stripped of their language and stripped of their culture. These were moral moments in our past. Do you know what? We tell our-selves that if we were in those mo-ments, if we were in those times, maybe we would have stood up, and so many people of good faith and of every background did stand up in those times. We think to ourselves that if we were there in those moments, we would have done something, we would have acted. We are at that moment, and we are at a defining moment in our his-tory. We are at a moral crossroads. We are at a point where our Nation’s char-acter is being revealed. When we look at history, we have seen the ways we have made mistakes, but we have also seen the truth of our Nation in those periods, the ideals that we have professed since our founding, the ideals that generations of Ameri-cans have tried to make more real, more perfect, more established in this Nation. We see in the history how gen-erations past—Black, White, Christian, Jewish, folks from all different back-grounds, men and women—stood up and did the right thing. They were in-sistent that this Nation should be dif-ferent. We were not founded as a country be-cause we all pray alike or because we all look alike or because we are all the same race. No. We always strove to be different as a nation, that we would be a nation of ideals and values, that we would be a nation bigger than the ra-cial or religious lives that divide men and women, that we would have uni-fying ideals and principles, and that we in America would be a light unto na-tions. We have seen this Nation do it right and live up to those ideals with Hun-garian refugees, Cuban refugees, Chi-nese refugees, and Haitian refugees, who all fled and found a safe haven here in the United States of America. Look at the waves of Irish who came to our shores to escape famine. Look at the waves of folks who have escaped oppression. When we were at our best, we were a light unto nations—of hope, of integ-rity, of honesty, of honor. We are a na-tion of refugees. We are a nation of im-migrants. We are a nation of exiles. We are a nation of ancestors of former slaves. We are not our particularistic parts, but we are a profound sum of those parts. We have made mistakes, but we have answered the question of who we are by showing our values, and that is why the United States has be-come known throughout the planet Earth as that beacon of light and hope. I have traveled around the globe with the privileges of a Senator, and I see the way people look at this country. I see the way people try to model their behavior after ours. I see the way we talk about democratic ideals, demo-cratic principles, how we try to talk about human rights, how we talk about human decency, and how we are held up as the model. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.034 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4028 June 19, 2018 
This is why Americans from across the aisle, across religions, across polit-ical affiliations, from across the coun-try are speaking out. I have seen con-servative Christian evangelicals, con-servative Catholics, and Republican colleagues of mine stand up and speak the moral truth about our Nation that this behavior is un-American. They speak with a chorus of conviction, tell-ing the one man who has the imme-diate power to change this, the one man who did this, to stop his actions, to restore honor, to correct this wrong. I am proud to see Democrats and Re-publicans, progressives and conserv-atives speaking out against the moral vandalism that is not just degrading the dignity and humanity of the mi-grants at our border, but it is assault-ing the dignity and humanity of Amer-ica—the people of this country speak-ing out in one voice, one people under-standing that we have one destiny, un-derstanding that we share common val-ues, and understanding that this is a time when we can’t be silent. The oppo-site of justice is not injustice; it often is inaction. It is silence, it is apathy, and it is indifference. We must call on our President to end this. If he refuses, then we have an ob-ligation here in Congress. We have the power; we can and must act to stop this inhumane, immoral, and un-American practice. We could vote today on a bill, the Keep Families Together Act, which has the support of 47 Democratic Sen-ators and 2 Independents—49 Members of this body. It would prohibit the De-partment of Homeland Security from separating children from their parents unless there are extraordinary cir-cumstances. The bill is common sense. It is a moderate proposal. It is literally the least Congress can do to prevent this crisis from continuing. Yes, we need to secure our borders. Yes, we need to uphold our just laws. But separating families and impris-oning children are not how we do that. We need to protect our borders, but we also need to reflect our values, to pro-tect our values, to affirm the character of this country. We need to protect and secure the ideals of a nation we have all stood for. In this moral moment in our Nation’s history, that means pro-tecting and standing up for the dignity and humanity of these children. I say again, future generations will look back at this moment, at this cri-sis of conscience, and they will see what has already happened. They will see this as a low moment, and they will wonder what we did during this time. History does have its eyes on us, but we have a chance right now to show them what we did, to let them see, when our morals have been tested, how we responded. They will look to see what people in this country did when people were having their values vio-lated and their ideals and the dignity of their children and families as-saulted. They will look to see what we did. They will look to see if we are si-lent or if we speak up—if we are indif-ferent or if we act. Do we indulge in ap-athy or have we become activists? They will look to see whether we fought for the ideals that made this Nation what I believe it is, which is, as Elijah called for the State of Israel, to be a light unto nations. That is the America I believe in. That is the Amer-ica I know. We look back on the low of when women were being denied the vote, and we see a multiracial, multiethnic coali-tion—everyone from Frederick Doug-lass to Susan B. Anthony—come to-gether and build a movement that pro-pelled this government to act, and women were granted the right to vote. We look back on the low of segrega-tion and how a multiracial coalition of Americans came together, worked to-gether, fought together, stood to-gether, sacrificed together, and some died together to advance the cause of civil rights. We look back at the Japanese intern-ment, and we see how people, regard-less of their background in America, regardless of their political party, came together to redress this wrong. In 1988, we saw a Republican President, Ronald Reagan, who responded by sign-ing the Civil Liberties Act into law and working to right the wrong of Japanese internment. Future generations will look back on this moment. They will look to see whether we affirmed that in America we don’t injure and imprison children; we protect them. They will look back to see that in America we don’t abuse rights; we protect them. They will look back at America to see if we are called to be a nation, truly, that works to de-fend human rights at home and abroad, not violate them in our own backyard. This isn’t an injustice that needs to take decades, years, or even months to correct. President Trump must, can, and should end this immoral policy today. If he refuses to act, this body will be judged. Congress can vote today on the Keep Families Together Act, and we must act. We must do some-thing; we must stand for something or the dignity and the humanity that will be assaulted will not be those of chil-dren on our border. It will be damaging to the dignity and the humanity of us all. For the sake of our values, for the sake of our Nation, I urge my col-leagues to act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, for the information of colleagues, we are hoping within the next few minutes to have clearance from the leadership to be able to move ahead on a vote this afternoon on an amendment by Sen-ator C
RAPO and Senator W HITEHOUSE  involving a pilot program for advanc-ing reactor fuel. Senator C
RAPO would like to be rec-ognized when I sit down in order to briefly comment on that amendment. Following that, I ask unanimous con-sent that Senator M
ENENDEZ be recog-nized. Hopefully, by the time Senator MENENDEZ is finished, we will have clearance for the vote, and we can pro-ceed to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I first thank Senator A
LEXANDER for the great efforts he has undergone to bring this legislation forward. The Senate is working as it should. We are processing amendments. Hope-fully, we will make it through all of our appropriations bills this year and go back to regular order so that we avoid the kinds of collisions we have had all too often in the past few years as we try to accomplish the business of our government. As we have been told, the next amendment planned to be voted on in the next few minutes, we hope, is the Crapo-Whitehouse amendment. This amendment is one that focuses on our nuclear energy in the United States. Nuclear energy is a carbon-free emis-sions source of energy. It is becoming recognized as one of the more impor-tant parts of the energy solution in the United States, and our amendment does a very simple thing. It creates a pilot project at the Idaho National Laboratory to begin perfecting and im-plementing the process of processing spent naval fuel into fuel that can be utilized in our new, advanced reactors. Currently, when naval fuel from our reactors in our Navy ships is spent, it still has about 80 percent of its value or its energy in it. The new, advanced re-actors need about a 20-percent level. So we can literally get about four times as much fuel out of a spent naval fuel rod for new, advanced reactors as is in the rod itself, once it is ready for proc-essing. This is a tremendous source of new energy for the United States and one that should help us as we move forward in developing an ‘‘all of the above’’ en-ergy policy for the United States. I en-courage my colleagues, when we have the opportunity to vote for this, to sup-port it and help us to move forward in this important part of our national en-ergy policy. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I rise in condemnation of the Trump administration’s heartless, cruel, and inhumane policy of sepa-rating children from their parents when they seek asylum at our southern border. I do so as the son of refugees who fled their homeland and came to this coun-try because they longed to be free. I do so as a Catholic appalled by what is being done in the name of my Christian faith. I do so out of concern, as the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, that the cruelty being conducted in the name of the U.S. Government may cause lasting damage to America’s reputation in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.036 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4029 June 19, 2018 
world. I do so as a parent who knows that there is no love more powerful, no love more universal than love for your child, and it is love that has driven these families to seek asylum in the United States. Seeking asylum is not a crime. It is a cry for mercy, an act of desperation. The trauma being inflicted on these children and the anguish being in-flicted on these parents is a direct re-sult of the Trump administration’s de-cision to criminalize asylum seekers and persecute families fleeing for their very lives. President Trump is lying to the American people when he says that family separation is the law of the land. He is lying when he says that Democrats put a law on the books mandating that children be terrorized in this way. Under the policies of previous admin-istrations, families remained together while waiting for their asylum claims to proceed through our immigration courts. But this President has broken with the basic standards of decency that have guided past administrations, Republican and Democrat alike. The criminalizing of asylum seekers is in fact a newly unveiled policy. At-torney General Jeff Sessions calls it a zero tolerance policy. I say it is a zero humanity policy, a zero compassion policy. This policy of persecuting families fleeing for their lives comes straight from the White nationalist fringe. It has been in the works for over a year, going all the way back to when Chief of Staff John Kelly was Secretary of Homeland Security. Back in March of 2017, then-Secretary John Kelly said that the ‘‘name of the game is deter-rence.’’ He said that if the administra-tion began separating kids from their parents, they could deter migrants from traveling to our southern border. We have since heard Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions double down on this theme of deterrence. He said: 
If people don’t want to be separated from their children, they should not bring them with them. . . . If you bring children, you’ll still be prosecuted. 
To those who spout this perverse no-tion of deterrence, I ask: How do you deter a mother trying to protect her child from the brutality of forced ser-vitude? How do you deter a father try-ing to protect his daughter from being raped and tortured? How do you deter a family so fearful for their safety that they are willing to embark on a per-ilous journey and travel thousands of miles—thousands of miles—to reach the United States? The answer is that you can’t, not without addressing the root causes of this forced migration. Most of these families come from Guatemala, El Salvador, and Hon-duras—the countries collectively known as the Northern Triangle. It is a region plagued by transnational gang violence, weak institutions, and pov-erty. Young boys are forced into ser-vitude by gangs. Young girls are beaten and raped. Any parent who resists is killed. These countries suffer from some of the highest homicide rates in the world, and the violence against women is particularly appalling. In El Salvador, a woman is murdered every 19 hours, and in Honduras—the country with the highest homicide rate for women in the world—a woman is killed every 16 hours. To be blunt, these families face a stark choice. It is either stay and die or flee for a chance to live. The facts show this policy of deter-rence isn’t deterring anyone. That is because it is hard to deter people who are fleeing for their lives. In recent months, we have seen the number of people seeking safety in record droves. There were 36,682 apprehensions at the border in February. By April, that number jumped to 50,924. In May, the number rose again to nearly 52,000. If we aim to reduce forced migration, we must improve the conditions in the region. Our only hope of doing so is by working with the governments of the Northern Triangle by exercising smart diplomacy, by working together to find solutions to promote the rule of law, provide public safety, and free commu-nities of terror from transnational gang violence. Yet, just a few hours ago, President Trump threatened to cut off aid to Central America and Mexico because ‘‘they are not sending their best.’’ In other words, he would have the policy of the United States be to make the dire conditions in Central America even worse—driving even more families to flee their homes in search of asylum. Let’s be clear. These individuals are fleeing of their own accord. They are not being sent. They are fleeing. Their choice is stark: stay and die or leave and have a shot to live. We know USAID initiatives that sup-port economic development and good governance make a real difference. We have heard directly from young people who have found hope and safety through these programs. Now is not the time to recklessly abandon these pro-grams. It is a time to invest in them. The administration claims to be for law and order, but it deals in chaos and discord. President Trump lies with such frequency and such confidence be-cause he knows the muddier the waters, the harder it is for the rays of truth to shine through. This past weekend, some rays of light shone through when former First Lady Laura Bush made her voice heard. As she wrote in the Washington Post, ‘‘Our government should not be in the business of warehousing children in converted box stores or making plans to place them in tent cities in the desert outside of El Paso. These images are eerily reminiscent of the intern-ment camps for U.S. citizens and non-citizens of Japanese descent during World War II, now considered to have been one of the most shameful episodes in U.S. history.’’ She couldn’t be more right. This isn’t a PR crisis. It is a humani-tarian crisis, and it is a moral crisis for our country. That is why even mem-bers of the Trump administration are struggling to defend this policy. It is indefensible. Years from now, will we look back on this policy and be proud? No. We are going to look back and see it for what it is—another dark period in our his-tory, in which we as a country failed to live up to the values that make Amer-ica a beacon of hope and a leader among nations. It is despicable to see President Trump inflict trauma on innocent chil-dren just to score political points with his base or to somehow use children as a leverage for some negotiating point. That is what is happening here. President Trump and his Republican enablers in Congress have one strategy left in their playbook for 2018. They cannot run on being fiscally respon-sible; their trillion-dollar corporate tax cuts have exploded the Federal deficit. They cannot run on delivering the American people more affordable health because under their watch, healthcare premiums are soaring, and prescription drug costs are surging. They cannot run on raising wages be-cause under their policies, most of the Nation’s economic gains continue to go to big corporations and to the top 1 percent instead of working families and the middle class. The only thing they have left to run on is fear. In 2018, the Republican Party has one message. It is a message that says, as the President said earlier today, that these migrants aim to ‘‘infest our country’’; that babies and toddlers and middle schoolers pose a threat to our public safety and our national security; that Latino families who are fleeing unthinkable violence are nothing more than pests. Let me be clear, Mr. President. Run-ning to save the lives of your child doesn’t make you a criminal. It makes you a parent. Tearing innocent chil-dren away from their parents is shame-ful, it is cruel, and it is un-American. President Trump is calling on Con-gress to fix a policy of his own cre-ation. There is no law that instigates the President and his administration to do this, none at all. He chooses to do it. House Republicans are trying to pass a so-called immigration compromise, when as far as I can see, the only thing it compromises is our time-tested sys-tem of legal, family-based immigration in this country. Contrary to Speaker R
YAN’s claims, this will do nothing to end the separa-tion of families at the border. It doesn’t address the issue of the Presi-dent’s zero tolerance policy or put an end to the administration’s cruel prac-tices. Instead, the bill removes protec-tions for asylum seekers and gives the administration license to lock families into detention for indefinite periods of time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.037 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4030 June 19, 2018 
President Trump and ideologues like Jeff Sessions and Stephen Miller want to use the tears of innocent children as leverage in their quest to end legal im-migration, as we know it, and to force the American people to pay for a ludi-crous $25 billion border wall. The President, the Attorney General, the DHS Secretary, and the White House Chief of Staff are practicing a doublespeak tactic in the hope of con-fusing the American public, but there is nothing confusing about separating children from their parents. The Amer-ica I know doesn’t put children into cages. The America I know doesn’t rip newborn babies out of their mothers’ arms. The America I know doesn’t treat families fleeing from criminals like they are criminals. President Trump could end this des-picable policy today without a law. He can order U.S. Customs and Border Control to stop tearing babies from their mothers’ arms today. He can cor-rect course and restore America’s com-mitment to basic human rights today. They say a picture is worth a thou-sand words, but the audio released yes-terday by ProPublica is worth a mil-lion tears. How do you submit the cries of inno-cent children to the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD ? I don’t know how you do that, but you can hear it. (Inaudible audio.) You can hear it. I know we don’t want to hear it. I know we don’t want to hear it, but those are the cries of in-nocent children. I can’t replicate it. I can’t replicate their pain: ‘‘Papi, papi. Donde estas, papi?’’ It is time this Senate has its con-science pricked, that it moves to ac-tion, and that it challenges the Presi-dent on this horrific policy. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, first, let me thank the senior Senator from New Jersey for those remarks. It was a privilege and a pleasure to be here to hear them delivered. We had a hearing in the Judiciary Committee this morning with a representative of Homeland Security who was virtually incapable of explaining any of what they were trying to do here. I think we now have five or six different expla-nations from the Trump administra-tion. One is, the Bible made me do it— the Attorney General; the other is, the Democrats made me do it; the third is, we are actually not doing it; the fourth is, we are doing it to build legislative leverage; and the fifth is, we are doing it in order to deter people from coming to our shores. I doubt any of those are true, but, for sure, they can’t all be true. It is a mess, but it is nothing like the mess of the images the Senator from New Jer-sey called to the conscience of the country today. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I wonder if the Senator would yield for a moment for a scheduling announce-ment. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Of course. I am finished, until I go to my business re-lated to your bill. Mr. ALEXANDER. For the informa-tion of Senators, there will not be a vote tonight on the Crapo-Whitehouse amendment. We have at least one Sen-ator who is still studying the bill, but we believe that will be cleared up shortly. Our goal would be to have votes tomorrow morning at about 10 o’clock on the Crapo-Whitehouse amendment, as well as an amendment by Senator BALDWIN . Both of those are subject to being approved by the lead-ership staff. Only they can announce the scheduling of a vote. For the information of Senators, there will not be a vote tonight, and there will be a vote on at least one to three amendments tomorrow morning, hopefully, at about 10 o’clock. Senator C
RAPO already has spoken about the Crapo-Whitehouse amend-ment, which is a pilot program for ad-vanced reactor fuel. It is a very good idea. It is not reauthorizing a new pro-gram. It is not spending any more money. It is reallocating money for a very creative idea that Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE and Senator C RAPO have come up with. I fully support it. I think the Senators on both sides of the aisle will see the wisdom of it once everyone has a chance to consider it. I am glad Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE is here to talk more about it. I yield the floor. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. First, let me thank Chairman A
LEXANDER for his support and assistance in getting us to this point. He has also, until I rotated off the HELP Committee and onto the Finance Committee, been my chairman on the HELP Committee. Both in his work as the appropriations sub-committee chair here managing this bill, I thank him, and for all of his leadership on the HELP Committee when I was a member of that com-mittee, I thank him. As the Senate looks at this measure, I want to try to explain it in as simple terms as possible because I think this is a complete slam-dunk, win-win amendment. A next generation of nu-clear power capability is being devel-oped, and a great deal of the design of that next-generation nuclear capa-bility is being done here in the United States. For a variety of reasons, those Amer-ican designs are now moving to ap-proval and construction in other coun-tries, particularly including China. I don’t think it is a good idea for us to be designing new technologies but have them deployed in other countries. We are trying to address some of the hic-cups that prevent this from going for-ward in the United States. Our U.S. Navy uses nuclear fuel all the time. I think it is widely known that our aircraft carriers and sub-marines operate with nuclear engines. They do so very safely. They do so with the expert support of our U.S. Navy. Then, at the end of the day, they gen-erate spent fuel that gets taken off of the aircraft carrier or the submarine when the engine is refueled. The ques-tion is, What becomes of that spent fuel? What this bill would do is to allow the Navy to give access to that spent fuel to our National Labs. America’s National Labs are a science gem of global proportions. The scientists who work in our National Labs are bril-liant. They are extraordinary. They are at the cutting edge of a great number of issues and developments. One of them is—guess what—next-generation nuclear power. What access to the Navy’s fuel would do is to allow them, under the strict controls that are pro-tecting our National Labs, to begin to work through testing how some of these next-generation nuclear plants might work. Why is it a big deal for us to look at developing in the United States this next generation of nuclear power? One obvious reason is that it is car-bon-free power, and we have already blown through 400 parts per million of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. That is way out of the range that we have been in the entire history of human-kind on this planet, and it will have all sorts of cascading effects on our cli-mate, our atmosphere, and our oceans. Nuclear power avoids all of those ancil-lary risks of fossil fuel power. The other problem is that we have been operating with old-school nuclear power for quite a long time in this country, and we have built up a very substantial reserve of nuclear waste, of spent fuel. At the moment, the Senate and the Congress and, indeed, the U.S. Government have no plan for getting rid of that nuclear waste. There have been fights over sticking it in caves in Nevada. There have been all sorts of ideas, but we do not currently have an operating plan. A great deal of that nu-clear waste is, simply, stored at the powerplant at which the power was generated. That is a big liability, I be-lieve. I think that if we were to act as if we were a corporation and book as a liabil-ity the liability of the cost of having to safely dispose of all of that nuclear waste, it would get the companies’ ac-countants’ attention, and they would invest some effort into figuring out what the solution is to dealing with all of those stockpiles of nuclear waste for which we currently have no plan. Here is where the two lines converge, because the next-generation nuclear technologies carry the promise of being able to take our nuclear waste stock-pile and repurpose it as fuel—to turn toxic, dangerous, multi-10,000-year waste, with a huge liability attached to it, into an asset, a power-producing asset. To me, this is a very small invest-ment in a potential solution to a very big problem. I think we can have con-siderable confidence that the U.S. Navy knows what it is doing in handling these nuclear fuels and that our Na-tional Labs know what they are doing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.038 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4031 June 19, 2018 
in handling nuclear materials. The trust of the Navy and the trust of the National Labs and the expertise of the National Labs, in their giving us the ability to actually create a potential solution to at least a significant part of our nuclear waste problem, is worth the small investment that, I hope, my colleagues will be willing to make today. I particularly thank Senator C
RAPO , who has worked with me very closely on this whole nuclear innovation side. He is a real leader in this area. I am happy to be his Democratic colleague working on this. I hope that with that explanation, we can come to a measure of agreement that this is actually a good, ‘‘no losers’’ idea and be able to vote on it tomorrow. I hope we will have a very strong and successful vote. With all of that, I yield the floor to the floor manager from the Republican side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Rhode Island for his idea. This is a creative idea on his part. I would like to give credit to Senator C
RAPO and Senator R ISCH from the State of Idaho. Idaho has our nuclear laboratory, among our 17 National Lab-oratories, and the work that we are talking about would be done in Idaho. The Energy and Water Development appropriations bill, which was ap-proved almost unanimously in the Ap-propriations Committee a few weeks ago, approved $10 million for the kind of work that Senator W
HITEHOUSE just described. It is a pilot program to recy-cle the Navy’s spent nuclear fuel and use the recovered uranium to supply high-assay low-enriched uranium for advanced reactors. That is already in the bill. This amendment by Senators W
HITEHOUSE , CRAPO , and R ISCH would add an additional $5 million to the pilot program. The additional $5 mil-lion is being reallocated from fuel cycle research and development and does not increase the overall spending in the bill. In looking ahead to tomorrow, the leaders’ offices are still talking, but our expectation is that we will have at least two votes tomorrow at about 10 o’clock. One would be on the Crapo- Whitehouse-Risch amendment, which we have just described. The second would be on the Baldwin-Portman amendment, which has been consid-ered. Hopefully, we will have other ap-propriations amendments during the day. I encourage Senators and their staffs to file tonight, if at all possible, the amendments they have to these three appropriations bills, because the ma-jority leader has said that he would like to finish our work this week. While there is an opportunity for of-fering amendments, as Senators know, most amendments that Senators can think of have already been dealt with. I speak from experience on our own subcommittee, the Energy and Water Development Subcommittee, and then on the full Appropriations Committee, which includes 31 Senators. We have heard, in our case, from 83 different Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle. We have heard their sugges-tions just as in the case of Senator WHITEHOUSE ’s idea about a pilot pro-gram for advanced reactor fuels. We have already heard from him about that and from Senator C
RAPO and Sen-ator R
ISCH, and we have included it in the base bill. What we will do tomor-row, if we have another vote, is to sim-ply add $5 million to it from another account without increasing the amount of spending. There are a great many amendments that Senators have offered that are al-ready a part of the Energy and Water Development bill. That is why I think it has such strong support on the sub-committee, the committee, and the floor. Yet, if there are additional amendments that relate to the bill, particularly if they are bipartisan amendments, we would like for them to be filed tonight so they can be consid-ered tomorrow. It is my hope that before we close to-night, the leaders will authorize the announcements of votes tomorrow morning on two amendments at about 10 o’clock. I yield the floor. Seeing no other Senator on the floor, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Thank you, Mr. President. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, as 2010 dawned, in what now seems like another era of po-litical time, the U.S. Congress was poised to tackle the problem of climate change. The House of Representatives had just passed a cap-and-trade bill, and there was bipartisan support for climate action in the Senate. Then, on January 21—a date that ought to live in judicial infamy—five Justices on the U.S. Supreme Court—all Republican appointees—delivered Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission and unleashed unlimited special interest money into America’s political system. The fossil fuel industry was looking for a way to stop climate legislation; it got Citizens United. Fossil fuel inter-ests asked those Justices for, antici-pated, and immediately seized on the political opportunity Citizens United provided them. Citizens United instantly changed the game in Congress for big political interests, such as the fossil fuel indus-try. Before that fateful day, Congress had held regular, bipartisan hearings and even votes on legislation to limit the carbon emissions causing climate change, but Citizens United allowed the fossil fuel industry to strike at this bipartisan progress, and it struck hard. The fossil fuel industry set its political forces instantly to work, targeting pro- climate-action candidates, particularly Republicans. Outside spending in 2010’s congressional races increased 75 per-cent—75 percent—by more than $200 million over the previous midterm’s levels. Citizens United gave the fossil fuel political forces another power—not just the power to spend but the power to threaten. As powerful a cudgel as ac-tual election spending is to wield, it is also powerful to threaten to wield that cudgel. Threats are not only powerful, they are less expensive than actual spending—you get to keep the money, and the threats are likely to be secret. The sudden barrage of unlimited money, dark money, and political threat had its desired effect: The polit-ical hit men of the fossil fuel industry stopped bipartisan climate action in its tracks. Pro-climate Republicans had a choice: either stop advocating for cli-mate action or become a casualty. The clear before-and-after point is 2010’s Citizens United decision and the immediate weaponization of that new power by the fossil fuel industry to protect its polluting status quo—a sta-tus quo, by the way, that the Inter-national Monetary Fund estimates pro-vides fossil fuel a subsidy of $700 bil-lion—billion with a ‘‘b’’—every year, just in the United States. The Republican appointees who deliv-ered the Citizens United decision claimed that there would be a regime of ‘‘effective disclosure’’ that would, as they said, ‘‘provide shareholders and citizens with the information needed to hold corporations and elected officials accountable for their positions and supporters.’’ Of course, this has not happened. Instead, we have witnessed billionaires and corporate interests spending unlimited secret money in elections. Outside groups have already spent $140 million in the 2018 election cycle, nearly half of which is from groups with no or only partial disclo-sure. The head of the Koch brothers’ dark money group, Americans for Pros-perity, announced that the Kochs’ po-litical network plans to spend $400 mil-lion in the 2018 cycle—60 percent more than it spent in 2016. Just last month, a single anonymous donor contributed $26.4 million to the American Action Network, a dark-money organization with close ties to Speaker P
AULRYAN. Secrecy is the key to the fossil fuel polluters’ toxic control of our democ-racy. Light will drive them back. As a Foreign Service officer’s son living overseas in impoverished tropical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.040 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4032 June 19, 2018 
countries, I remember that the cock-roaches would come out at night. When you would go into the kitchen to get a drink, you would hit the light switch, the lights would flicker on, and you would see and hear the cockroaches scuttling for the protection of the shadows, fleeing the light. Well, we need a little bit of that light in our democracy. So, with my Demo-cratic colleagues, I am reintroducing my legislation to bring about the so- called ‘‘effective disclosure,’’ which even the Supreme Court that decided Citizens United acknowledged is nec-essary for the American people to have full faith in our political system. The DISCLOSE Act of 2018 offers a commonsense solution to restore trans-parency and accountability in our po-litical system. The DISCLOSE Act would rein in what has been called a ‘‘tsunami of slime’’ by requiring orga-nizations spending money in American elections—including super PACs, unions, tax-exempt 501(c)(4) groups, all of them—to promptly disclose donors who give $10,000 or more during an elec-tion cycle. Big, sneaky donors will try to hide behind shell corporations that disguise who they are, so the bill in-cludes robust transfer provisions to prevent dark-money operatives from using complex webs of phony front groups to hide real donor identities. The DISCLOSE Act also strengthens the ban forbidding election spending by foreign nationals. One of the problems of our present dark-money infestation is that foreign actors can hide their po-litical influence activities in the exact same dark-money channels used by the big special interests. Once you tolerate dark-money channels of influence in American elections, you can’t police who uses those dark-money channels. Anonymity is anonymity; anyone could be hiding in the dark. Vladimir Putin could be hiding in the dark. We don’t know until we turn on the lights. Last, the bill requires people spend-ing money on election advertising to ‘‘stand by your ad’’ so that the ad itself identifies who is behind the adver-tising. Can we get this done? The public cer-tainly wants us to, and it wasn’t too long ago that Republicans supported disclosure. They were right back then, but now Republicans, who once extolled the principles of openness and accountability in our elections, have changed their tune. Gone is their dis-taste for secretive election spending; indeed, a new appetite for secret spend-ing has emerged. This is how the special interest rot of our democracy occurs: The big special interests not only want to win in Con-gress, they want to change the rules of democracy to make it so they can al-ways win in Congress, and they use those changed rules to make sure their party goes along with it. Back in 2014, the Rules Committee actually held a hearing on DISCLOSE. I hope we can get another hearing be-cause since that time, the problem of dark money has only gotten worse. President Trump promised to drain the swamp and then turned his administra-tion over to the biggest dark-money swamp monsters that exist. For exam-ple, nearly two dozen dark-money orga-nizations fronting for God knows who— but one can guess—backed the nomina-tion of Scott Pruitt to be the Environ-mental Protection Agency Adminis-trator. Indeed, Administrator Pruitt himself raised millions of dollars in dark money while serving as Okla-homa’s attorney general, and he has never disclosed what business those in-terests that funded him now have be-fore the EPA. Americans correctly feel that the tsunami of anonymous dark money drowns out their voices in Washington and washes them to the margins of our political arena. The DISCLOSE Act of 2018 offers a commonsense solution to restore transparency and account-ability into our political system. With the Senate now in session through most of the summer, there is ample time for this body to examine the mer-its of clearing dark money out of our political system. The problem of dark- money spending and threats is too big to ignore. This is why we are failing at address-ing climate change. The corruption and fear Citizens United set loose in our politics in 2010 sickeningly empowered big special interests, and to the lasting shame of our Nation, it allowed the fos-sil fuel industry to purchase veto power over our national policymaking on climate change. We have allowed the biggest interest with the biggest conflict of interest to acquire veto power over what the Congress of the United States does on this vital issue. This has been a double evil: It has been poisonous to the American democ-racy we cherish, and by preventing ac-tion to address climate change, it is poisonous to our entire planet. By introducing this legislation, we are giving our Republican colleagues a chance to show the American people where they stand—with the individual voters we were all sent here to rep-resent, who massively want there to be climate action, or with the billionaires and corporate interests pursuing a quiet, hostile takeover of American de-mocracy using dark money and threats. The cockroaches are everywhere. I say, let’s turn on the lights. I yield the floor. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. DURBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 127 on the motion to waive a budget point of order with respect to H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. On vote No. 127, had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was also necessarily absent for vote No. 128 on passage of H.R. 5515, the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, as amended. On vote No. 128, had I been present, I would have voted yea on pas-sage of H.R. 5515, as amended. Mr. President, I was also necessarily absent for vote No. 129 on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to pro-ceed to H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. On vote No. 129, had I been present, I would have voted yea.∑ (At the request of Ms. H
ARRIS , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
JUNETEENTH INDEPENDENCE DAY ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would like to recognize today, June 19, as Juneteenth Independence Day. We are celebrating the 153rd anniversary of the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States. On Jan-uary 1, 1863, President Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation to end slavery in the United States, but it still took 2 and a half years for this news to spread throughout all the Southern States. Today, we honor the faith and strength demonstrated by former slaves and the descendants of these individuals, who remain an exam-ple for all people of the United States, no matter their background, religion, or race. It is my hope that Juneteenth and the Emancipation Proclamation serve as a reminder of the progress the United States has made towards equal-ity and the ways in which we can still improve.∑ Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today to honor Juneteenth Independ-ence Day, a day that commemorates June 19, 1865, as the date on which slav-ery came to an end in the United States. On this day, over 150 years ago, and over 2 and half years after Presi-dent Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation, Texas be-came the final State where the abolish-ment of slavery took effect. On this day, we must confront the ugly parts of our history and honor the slaves who suffered and died under a re-pressive regime. We must also pay trib-ute to all those who had the strength 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.041 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4033 June 19, 2018 
and conviction to fight to end slavery and keep our Union together. Juneteenth Independence Day is also an important moment to recognize how far we have come and take note of how far we have yet to go. At the time the Constitution was drafted, Native Amer-icans were referred to as savages, Afri-can Americans were fractions of human beings, and women were not referred to at all. The genius of our Constitution wasn’t its perfection, but rather that it inspired each generation to expand the concepts of liberty and freedom and make our Nation’s promise real for more and more people. We must not rest until that liberty and freedom is real for all people, and this Juneteenth let us all recommit to helping our country live up to its fundamental promise and highest ideals. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE GREATER SCRANTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the Greater Scran-ton Chamber of Commerce on their 150th anniversary. I am proud to high-light their many accomplishments and significant contributions to my home-town of Scranton and northeastern Pennsylvania. Eleven years after the city of Scran-ton was incorporated, 13 visionary and ambitious men met in the upstairs of a grocery store and formed the Mer-chants Association to encourage the economic growth of the city. Scranton was an industrial center of mining and railroads, and the association’s first order of business was to establish equi-table freight rates. Later, the associa-tion was renamed the Scranton Board of Trade and in 1923 was officially char-tered as the Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce. For a century and a half, the cham-ber has actively served the region, al-ways with the mission of cultivating a healthy business ecosystem that could attract, preserve, and create jobs in the area. In fact, the chamber has always been a national leader and trendsetter within the business community. In 1945, as many Scrantonians were serv-ing in World War II, the chamber spear-headed a community effort to save jobs at the Murray Bomber Wing Plant, which resulted in the launching of the Scranton Lackawanna Industrial Building Company. This innovative ef-fort created what is considered the American standard model for economic development. Today, as the largest business network in northeastern Pennsylvania with more than 1,500 member companies representing a vari-ety of employers, the chamber helps to foster economic development, provides small businesses access to affordable capital, facilitates leadership develop-ment programs, and leads workforce development initiatives. From Scranton’s early days as a hub for American entrepreneurship and in-dustry, the chamber has played a crit-ical role and continues to be one of the region’s strongest and most effective business and community advocates. It has worked in partnership with numer-ous stakeholders to address the chal-lenges brought on by an ever-changing regional economy. Although the mining and freight-de-pendent industries that represented the growth of the greater Scranton re-gion’s early days represent a bygone era, today, new industries now call northeastern Pennsylvania home. These new fields of business have helped the area become a regional lead-er in education, medicine, and manu-facturing. Today, the region builds upon its rich history of industrial inge-nuity, economic prosperity, and most notably, new Americans and immi-grants seeking opportunity. In light of the region’s diverse heritage and progress towards true equality, the chamber hosted its inaugural NEPA Women’s Leadership Conference in 2015. I am proud of the chamber’s con-tinued efforts as it strives to promote the region as an ideal location for busi-nesses of all genders, ethnicities, races, socioeconomic groups, sizes, and fields. The greater Scranton area continues to be well positioned to attract and retain businesses, startups, and entrepre-neurial ventures. It is a privilege to pay tribute to Greater Scranton Chamber of Com-merce’s historic legacy and the con-tributions its members have made to the city of Scranton and the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania over the last 150 years. I wish the chamber contin-ued success and prosperity as it cele-brates this extraordinary sesquicenten-nial anniversary. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise today to recognize my constituents at the Greater Scranton Chamber of Com-merce on their 150th anniversary and highlight their contributions to mak-ing the greater Scranton region a won-derful place to live, work, and raise a family. Established in 1867 as the Scranton Board of Trade, the Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce is the largest business network in northeastern Pennsylvania, with more than 1,500 member companies representing a vari-ety of employers. The chamber is also the parent organization to a number of affiliates that support economic devel-opment, provide small business lending services, facilitate leadership develop-ment programs, and guide workforce development initiatives. From Scran-ton’s early days as a hub for American heavy industry, the chamber has ac-tively served the region for more than 150 years, always with the mission of attracting, sustaining and growing jobs in the area. Since its inception, the chamber has been recognized as one of the region’s preeminent business and community advocates. It has worked in partnership with numerous stakeholders to address the challenges brought on by an ever- changing regional economy. For their part, as the region transformed over the last century, so too has the cham-ber. Since 1923, the chamber has evolved and developed a number of af-filiates whose missions are to address and respond to the changing regional dynamics through economic, indus-trial, workforce, and community devel-opment. These affiliates have worked to diversify the region’s economy and utilize the tools and resources avail-able to them to meet the needs of the community and its business members. Today, new industries now call northeast Pennsylvania home and have helped the area become a regional lead-er in fields such as education, medi-cine, and manufacturing. Most notably, what drives the region today is build-ing upon the greater Scranton area’s rich history of industrial and economic prosperity. These are key points the chamber and its partners have seized on to promote the region as an ideal lo-cation for businesses of all sizes and specialties. With a history of success and an abundance of talent and exper-tise, the greater Scranton area is well positioned to attract entrepreneurs and businesses alike. I wish to recognize the significant contributions that the Greater Scran-ton Chamber of Commerce and its members have made to the city of Scranton and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania over the last 150 years and wish them all the best as the chamber celebrates this sesquicenten-nial anniversary. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5540. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extract of Swinglea glutinosa; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9977–75) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 14, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5541. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a cumulative report on rescissions dated June 8, 2018; referred jointly, pursuant to the order of January 30, 1975, as modified by the order of April 11, 1986; to the Committees on Appropriations; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation; Energy and Natural Resources; Envi-ronment and Public Works; Finance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; and the Judiciary. EC–5542. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General for Administration and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Department of Justice Re-sponse to Government Accountability Office (GAO) finding of Antideficiency Act (ADA) Violations’’; to the Committee on Appropria-tions. EC–5543. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.046 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4034 June 19, 2018 
Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the operations of the National Defense Stockpile (NDS) for fis-cal year 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5544. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of three (3) of-ficers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5545. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Information Sys-tems Agency Freedom of Information Act Program’’ (RIN0790–AJ60) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5546. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Violations of Arms Control Treaties or Agreements with the United States’’ ((RIN9000–AN57) (FAC 2005–99)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5547. A communication from the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Depart-ment’s fiscal year 2017 annual report on com-petition; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5548. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rough Diamonds Control Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 592) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5549. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, a legislative proposal relative to the President of the United States’ fiscal year 2019 budget request; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5550. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; AL; Redesignation of the Pike County Lead Nonattainment Area to Attain-ment’’ (FRL No. 9979–61–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 14, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5551. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; ID, Crop Residue Burning; Revision to Ozone Requirement’’ (FRL No. 9979–48–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 14, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5552. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Maine; Infrastruc-ture State Implementation Plan Require-ments’’ (FRL No. 9979–07–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 14, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5553. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Re-gional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9979– 32–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 14, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5554. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 21st Century Cures Workforce Planning Report to Con-gress’’ ; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5555. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Division of Coal Mine Workers’ Compensation, Office of Workers’ Compensa-tion Programs, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Black Lung Benefits Act: Medical Benefits Payments’’ (RIN1240–AA11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 14, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5556. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘State Fiscal Stabilization Fund Program’’ (RIN1894– AA03) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 14, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5557. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–378, ‘‘Hearing Aid Assistance Program Act of 2018’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5558. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–379, ‘‘Historic Anacostia Va-cant Properties Surplus Declaration and Dis-position Authorization Act of 2018’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5559. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation, Use of Products and Services of Kaspersky Lab’’ ((RIN9000–AN64) (FAC 2005– 99)) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5560. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation: Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–99; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ ((Docket No. FAR 2018–0001, Sequence No. 3) (FAC 2005–99)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5561. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation: Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–99; Introduction’’ ((Docket No. FAR 2018–0001, Sequence No. 3) (FAC 2005–99)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5562. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Of-fice of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Community Oriented Policing Serv-ices Report on the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–5563. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Indi-vidual Bluefin Quota Program; Account-ability for Bluefin Tuna Catch’’ (RIN0648– BH17) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5564. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Emergency Measures to Address Over-fishing of Atlantic Shortfin Mako Shark’’ (RIN0648–BH49) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5565. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Island Pelagic Fisheries; 2017 U.S. Territorial Longline Bigeye Tuna Catch Limits’’ (RIN0648–XF156) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5566. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid and Butterfish Fisheries; Specifications’’ (RIN0648–BH04) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5567. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Modifications to Greater Amberjack Allowable Harvest and Rebuild-ing Plan’’ (RIN0648–BH14) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5568. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pacific Halibut Fisheries; Catch Sharing Plan; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BG61) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5569. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pacific Halibut Fisheries; Catch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.017 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4035 June 19, 2018 
Sharing Plan’’ (RIN0648–BG61) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5570. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act Provisions; Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Es-sential Fish Habitat’’ (RIN0648–BF82) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5571. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Frame-work Adjustment 28’’ (RIN0648–BG46) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5572. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Capital Construction Fund; Fishing Vessel Capital Construction Fund Proce-dures’’ (RIN0648–AW57) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, without amendment: S. 207. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act relating to controlled substance analogues. By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2535. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration discretion in setting opioid quotas. By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, without amendment: S. 2645. A bill to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to increase participation in drug take-back programs. By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2789. A bill to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics. S. 2837. A bill to improve the systems for identifying the diversion of controlled sub-stances. S. 2838. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain informa-tion on distribution of opioids, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. ISAKSON for the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employ-ment and Training. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE—TREATY The following executive report of committee was submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations: Treaty Doc. 114–6: Marrakesh Treaty to Fa-cilitate Access to Published Works for Per-sons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled with 1 declaration (Ex. Rept. 115–6) 
The text of the committee-rec-ommended resolution of advice and consent to ratification is as follows: 
As reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations: Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to a Declaration. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Marrakesh Treaty to Fa-cilitate Access to Published Works for Per-sons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, Done at Marra-kesh on June 27, 2013 (Treaty Doc. 114–6), subject to the declaration of section 2. Sec. 2. Declaration. The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is not self-executing. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. M CCASKILL (for herself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 3085. A bill to establish a Federal Acqui-sition Security Council and to provide execu-tive agencies with authorities relating to mitigating supply chain risks in the procure-ment of information technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. K
ING): S. 3086. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude major profes-sional sports leagues from qualifying as tax- exempt organizations; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 3087. A bill to direct the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration to make grants to State and local governments and nonprofit organiza-tions for purposes of carrying out shoreline stabilization projects utilizing natural mate-rials that support natural habitats and eco-system functions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. G
RAHAM , and Mr. B
ENNET )): S. 3088. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of En-ergy to establish a program to prepare vet-erans for careers in the energy industry, in-cluding the solar, wind, cybersecurity, and other low-carbon emissions sectors or zero- emissions sectors of the energy industry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. TESTER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): S. 3089. A bill to provide for an increase, ef-fective December 1, 2018, in the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 3090. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to clarify that a State may not use an individual’s failure to vote as the basis for initiating the proce-dures provided under such Act for the re-moval of the individual from the official list of registered voters in the State on the grounds that the individual has changed resi-dence, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D
AINES , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S COTT, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. L EE, and Mr. W ICKER ): S. 3091. A bill to limit the separation of families seeking asylum in the United States and expedite the asylum process for individ-uals arriving in the United States with chil-dren; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mr. N ELSON ): S. Res. 551. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of June 18 through June 22, 2018, as National GI Bill Commemoration Week; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 275 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 275, a bill to allow the financing by United States persons of sales of agri-cultural commodities to Cuba. 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.019 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4036 June 19, 2018 
HATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 352, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recogni-tion of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive co-insurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 515, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly avail-able list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require dis-closure of the physical location of busi-ness agents engaging in customer serv-ice communications, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby Medicare administrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 802, a bill to award a Con-gressional Gold Medal in honor of Law-rence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recogni-tion of his achievements and contribu-tions to American major league ath-letics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 937 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 937, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a refundable adoption tax cred-it. 
S. 1354 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1354, a bill to establish an Indi-vidual Market Reinsurance fund to pro-vide funding for State individual mar-ket stabilization reinsurance programs. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1358, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the treatment of certain direct pri-mary care service arrangements and periodic provider fees. S. 1682 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1682, a bill to facilitate a national pipeline of spectrum for com-mercial use, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ), the Senator from Col-orado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to au-thorize the expansion of activities re-lated to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. At the request of Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, supra. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, brav-ery, and service to the United States. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2127, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2221 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2221, a bill to repeal the multi-State plan program. 
S. 2269 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2269, a bill to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. 
S. 2489 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2489, a bill to amend the Housing Act of 1949 to extend the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to make loans to certain entities for housing and buildings on adequate farms, to es-tablish a technical assistance program to improve access by Tribal entities to rural development programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. JONES ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from Ne-braska (Mr. S
ASSE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2564 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2564, a bill to amend title 11, United States Code, to promote the investiga-tion of fraudulent claims against cer-tain trusts, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide penalties against fraudulent claims against cer-tain trusts, and for other purposes. 
S. 2602 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2602, a bill to support carbon dioxide utilization and direct air capture re-search, to facilitate the permitting and development of carbon capture, utiliza-tion, and sequestration projects and carbon dioxide pipelines, and for other purposes. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2736, a bill to develop a long-term strategic vision and a com-prehensive, multifaceted, and prin-cipled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2839 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2839, a bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to improve assistance for socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2937 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2937, a bill to protect children affected by immigration en-forcement actions. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Or-egon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to prohibit animal fighting in the United States terri-tories. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.014 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4037 June 19, 2018 
S. 3051 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3051, a bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to estab-lish a working group to study regu-latory and legislative improvements for the livestock, insect, and agricul-tural commodities transport indus-tries, and for other purposes. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3057, a bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail ship-ments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 168, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 522 
At the request of Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, the names of the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Sen-ator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 522, a resolution designating the week of September 23 through Sep-tember 29, 2018 as ‘‘Gold Star Families Remembrance Week’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 551—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE WEEK OF JUNE 18 THROUGH JUNE 22, 2018, AS NATIONAL GI BILL COM-MEMORATION WEEK Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: 
S. R ES. 551 Whereas, on June 22, 1944, in demonstra-tion of the full support of the United States for the transition of members of the Armed Forces to civilian life, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed into law the Servicemen’s Readjustment Act of 1944 (58 Stat. 284), more commonly known as the ‘‘G.I. Bill of Rights’’; Whereas such Act made available to 16,000,000 veterans who served in the Armed Forces during World War II immediate finan-cial support and transformational education and home loan programs; Whereas such Act contributed 450,000 engi-neers, 240,000 accountants, 238,000 teachers, 91,000 scientists, 67,000 doctors, 122,000 den-tists, 17,000 writers and editors, and thou-sands of other professionals to the workforce of the United States; Whereas this combination of opportunities changed the social and economic fabric of the United States, with a 1988 report from the Subcommittee on Education and Health of the Joint Economic Committee of Con-gress concluding that for every $1 the United States invested in such Act, $6.90 was re-turned in growth to the economy of the United States; Whereas such Act expressed the duty, re-sponsibility, and desire of a grateful United States to see to it that those who served on active duty in the Armed Forces are afforded every opportunity to become disciplined forces for United States prosperity and progress, through economic opportunity and investment; Whereas Congress enacted subsequent Acts to provide educational assistance to new generations of veterans, including the Vet-erans’ Readjustment Benefits Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–358), the Post-Vietnam Era Veterans’ Educational Assistance Act of 1977 (Public Law 94–502), the Veterans’ Edu-cational Assistance Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–525), and the Post-9/11 Veterans Edu-cational Assistance Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–252). Whereas the week of June 18 through June 22, 2018, is an appropriate week to designate as ‘‘National GI Bill Commemoration Week’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the achievements of the Service-men’s Readjustment Act of 1944 (58 Stat. 284) in democratizing higher education, estab-lishing greater citizenship through economic empowerment, and empowering a generation that would serve for decades to guide the transformation of the United States into a global force for good; and (2) affirms Congress’ responsibility to be faithful stewards of educational assistance provided under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that such assistance endures as an honorable in-vestment of public dollars. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2916. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2917. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2918. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2919. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2920. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. A
LEXANDER ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 2921. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2922. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2923. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2924. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2925. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2926. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2927. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2928. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2929. Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. N ELSON , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. U DALL ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2930. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2931. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2932. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2933. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2934. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2935. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2936. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2937. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2938. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2939. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.016 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4038 June 19, 2018 
SA 2940. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2941. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2942. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2943. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C RAPO  (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. R
ISCH)) proposed an amendment to amend-ment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 2944. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2945. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2946. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2947. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2948. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2949. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2950. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2951. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2952. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2953. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2954. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2955. Ms. HASSAN (for herself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2956. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2957. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2958. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2959. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2960. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2961. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2962. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2963. Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2964. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2965. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2966. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2967. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2968. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2969. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2970. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2971. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. I SAKSON , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2972. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2973. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2974. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2975. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2976. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2977. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2978. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. R
OUNDS , and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2979. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2980. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2981. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2982. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2983. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2984. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2985. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. B ALD-
WIN(for herself and Mr. P ORTMAN )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 2986. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2987. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2988. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2989. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2990. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2991. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2992. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.009 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4039 June 19, 2018 
SA 2993. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2994. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2995. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2996. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2997. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2998. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2999. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3000. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3001. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3002. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3003. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3004. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2916. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. PUBLICATION OF QUALITY RATING OF NURSING HOMES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less fre-quently than annually thereafter, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall publish in the Federal Register and on a publicly avail-able Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs the rating with respect to quality of care assigned by the Department to each nursing home of the Department. 
SA 2917. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. PILOT PROGRAM ON SECURE, PA-TIENT-CENTERED, PORTABLE MED-ICAL RECORDS STORAGE SYSTEM OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall commence a pilot program under which vet-erans who are enrolled in the patient enroll-ment system of the Department of Veterans Affairs under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code, use a portable medical records storage system described in subsection (e) to store and share with health care providers of the Department and community health care providers records of their individual medical history. (b) S
ELECTION OF LOCATIONS .—The Sec-retary shall select not less than one Vet-erans Integrated Services Network of the De-partment in which to carry out the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a). (c) C
ONTRACTS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into a contract using competitive procedures with an appropriate entity for the provision of the medical records storage system described in subsection (e). (2) N
OTICE OF COMPETITION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals for the contract described in paragraph (1). Such request shall be full and open to any contractor that has an existing commercially available medical records stor-age capability described in subsection (e). (3) S
ELECTION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall award a contract to an offeror pursuant to the request for proposals under paragraph (2) if at least one acceptable offer is submitted. (d) D
URATION OF PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under this section for a period of not less than one year. (2) A
FTER INITIAL PERIOD .—After carrying out the pilot program for one year, the Sec-retary may terminate the program, continue the program, expand the program to include additional locations, or implement the use of portable medical records storage systems on a national basis. (e) R
EQUIREMENTS OF PORTABLE MEDICAL  R
ECORDS STORAGE SYSTEM .—A medical records storage system described in this sub-section is a physical device that meets the following requirements: (1) Capability to store not less than four gigabytes of electronic health records on a physical device, which is not larger than the dimensions of a credit card, issued to each veteran enrolled in the pilot program. (2) Capability to be used by substantially all electronic health records systems cer-tified by the Office of the National Coordi-nator for Health IT on or before January 1, 2017. (3) Capability to limit access to electronic health records stored on each device to the patient and health care providers. (4) Capability for health care providers to securely access, annotate, and add electronic health records to the physical device, includ-ing in instances in which the health care provider is not in possession of the physical storage device. (5) Requirement that all electronic health records transferred from a health care pro-vider over the internet to the physical stor-age device be encrypted. (6) Requirement that the portable medical records system can operate without per-sistent storage of any electronic health records on the internet or within a cloud computing repository. (7) Capability to provide a replacement de-vice containing up-to-date electronic health records if the original physical storage de-vice has been removed from the owner’s pos-session or otherwise rendered inoperable. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
IMENSIONS OF A CREDIT CARD .—The term ‘‘dimensions of a credit card’’ means three and three-eighths inches in width, two and one-eighth inches in length, and five-one hundred twenty-eighths of one inch in depth. (2) E
LECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS .—The term ‘‘electronic health records’’ means electronic documentation of physicians’ notes, elec-tronic viewing of lab test results, diagnostic images and video, clinical decision support, and interoperability with other systems. (g) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWAPPROPRIATIONS .— No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out the requirements of this section. Such requirements shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SA 2918. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. CARE FOR SPOUSES OF VETERANS AT CERTAIN STATE HOMES FOR WHICH PAYMENT IS MADE BY THE SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If a State home for which payment is made by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs under subchapter V of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is below 90 percent occupancy, the State home may pro-vide care to spouses of veterans such that the percentage of individuals receiving care at the State home who are veterans is not less than 60 percent. (b) A
PPLICATION FOR CONSTRUCTION OR AC-
QUISITION .—Section 8135(a)(4) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Reasonable assurance’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) Reasonable assurance’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, except as provided in subparagraph (B),’’ after ‘‘and that’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Reasonable assurance that, for pur-poses of providing care to spouses of vet-erans, during a period in which a facility is operating with a bed occupancy rate of 90 percent or less, not more than 40 percent of the bed occupancy at any one time will con-sist of patients who are not receiving such level of care as veterans.’’. (c) S
TATE HOME DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘State home’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 2919. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.012 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4040 June 19, 2018 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR IN-TERMENT IN NATIONAL CEME-TERIES OF HMONG VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2402(a)(10) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) the Secretary determines served hon-orably with a special guerrilla unit or irreg-ular forces operating from a base in Laos in support of the Armed Forces of the United States at any time during the period begin-ning February 28, 1961, and ending May 7, 1975; and ‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death— ‘‘(I) was a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States; and ‘‘(II) resided in the United States.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to an individual dying on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2920. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. A
LEXANDER ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 14, between lines 18 and 19, insert the following: S
EC. 106. Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives a report that— (1) includes a list of all cost-shared Corps projects that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (A) are physically and fiscally complete; and (B) for which excess non-Federal funds have not been returned to the non-Federal project sponsor; and (2) with respect to each project listed under paragraph (1), describes the status of— (A) returning the excess funds to the non- Federal project sponsor; and (B) providing the non-Federal project spon-sor a final accounting of the project. 
SA 2921. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 311. (a) Congress finds the following: (1) The National Nuclear Security Admin-istration recommended a plutonium pit pro-duction strategy to the congressional de-fense committees in a letter dated May 10, 2018. (2) The Chairperson of the Nuclear Weap-ons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, certified the let-ter described in paragraph (1) to the congres-sional defense committees in a letter dated May 4, 2018, pursuant to section 3141 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (b) Not later than April 1, 2019, and annu-ally thereafter through 2025, the Chairperson of the Nuclear Weapons Council shall submit to the Secretary of Defense, the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security, and the congres-sional defense committees a written certifi-cation that the plutonium pit production strategy described in subsection (a)(1) is on track to meet— (1) the requirement to begin production of 30 war reserve pits per year at Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mex-ico, by 2026; and (2) the timelines for demonstrating a capa-bility to produce an additional 50 war reserve plutonium pits per year, as required by sec-tion 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a). (c) In this section, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. SA 2922. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. DEBARMENT OF CONTRACTORS THAT FRAUDULENTLY MISREPRESENT STATUS FOR PURPOSES OF OBTAIN-ING CERTAIN SET ASIDE CON-TRACTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Stolen Valor in Contracting Act’’. (b) C
IVILIAN CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 4713. Debarment of contractors that fraud-ulently misrepresent status for purposes of obtaining certain set aside contracts ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any business concern that is determined by the head of an execu-tive agency to have willfully and inten-tionally misrepresented the status of that concern as a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans or as a small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for the purpose of qualifying for a contract awarded in accord-ance with section 8127 of title 38 or as a small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for the purpose of qualifying for a contract awarded in ac-cordance with the Government-wide goals for procurement pursuant to section 15(g)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1) shall be debarred from contracting with the Federal Government for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(b) P
ROCESS .—In the case of a debarment under subsection (a), the head of the execu-tive agency shall commence debarment ac-tion against the business concern by not later than 30 days after determining that the concern willfully and intentionally misrepre-sented the status of the concern as described in subsection (a) and shall complete debar-ment actions against such concern by not later than 90 days after such determination. ‘‘(c) CONSULTATION .—In making a deter-mination under this section, the head of an executive agency shall, as appropriate, con-sult with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The debarment of a business concern under subsection (a) in-cludes the debarment of all principals in the business concern for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘small business concern’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). ‘‘(2) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 8127(l) of title 38. ‘‘(3) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4712 the following new item: ‘‘4713. Debarment of contractors that fraudu-lently misrepresent status for purposes of obtaining certain set aside contracts.’’. (c) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 801, is further amended by inserting after section 2339a the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339b. Debarment of contractors that fraudulently misrepresent status for pur-poses of obtaining certain set aside con-tracts ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any business concern that is determined by the head of an agency to have willfully and intentionally misrepre-sented the status of that concern as a small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for the purpose of qualifying for a contract awarded in accord-ance with the Government-wide goals for procurement pursuant to section 15(g)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)(1) shall be debarred from contracting with the Federal Government for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(b) P
ROCESS .—In the case of a debarment under subsection (a), the head of the agency shall commence debarment action against the business concern by not later than 30 days after determining that the concern will-fully and intentionally misrepresented the status of the concern as described in sub-section (a) and shall complete debarment ac-tions against such concern by not later than 90 days after such determination. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In making a deter-mination under this section, the head of an agency shall, as appropriate, consult with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The debarment of a business concern under subsection (a) in-cludes the debarment of all principals in the business concern for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘small business concern’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). ‘‘(2) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 801, is further amended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.025 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4041 June 19, 2018 
by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 2339a the following new item: ‘‘2339b. Debarment of contractors that fraud-ulently misrepresent status for purposes of obtaining certain set aside contracts.’’. 
SA 2923. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, add the following: 
SEC. lll. EXEMPTION FROM CALCULATION OF MONTHLY INCOME, FOR PURPOSES OF BANKRUPTCY LAWS, CERTAIN PAYMENTS FROM DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AND DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 101(10A) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B)(i) includes any amount paid by any entity other than the debtor (or in a joint case the debtor and the debtor’s spouse), on a regular basis for the household expenses of the debtor or the debtor’s dependents (and in a joint case the debtor’s spouse if not other-wise a dependent); and ‘‘(ii) excludes— ‘‘(I) benefits received under the Social Se-curity Act; ‘‘(II) payments to victims of war crimes or crimes against humanity on account of their status as victims of such crimes; ‘‘(III) payments to victims of international terrorism (as defined in section 2331 of title 18) or domestic terrorism (as defined in sec-tion 2331 of title 18) on account of their sta-tus as victims of such terrorism; ‘‘(IV) compensation under chapter 11 of title 38; ‘‘(V) compensation under chapter 13 of title 38; ‘‘(VI) pension under chapter 15 of title 38; ‘‘(VII) retired pay payable to members of the Armed Forces retired under section 1201 or 1204 of title 10; ‘‘(VIII) retired pay payable to members of the Armed Forces placed on the temporary disability retired list under section 1202 or 1205 of title 10; ‘‘(IX) disability severance pay payable under section 1212 of title 10 to members sep-arated from the Armed Forces under section 1203 or 1206 of that title; ‘‘(X) retired pay payable in accordance with section 1201 or 1202 of title 10, or dis-ability severance pay payable in accordance with section 1203 of that title, to members of the Armed Forces eligible for such pay by reason of section 1207a of that title; ‘‘(XI) combat-related special compensation payable under section 1413a of title 10; ‘‘(XII) any monthly annuity payable under the Survivor Benefit Plan under subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 10 if the participant in the Plan with respect to whom the annu-ity is payable was retired for physical dis-ability under chapter 61 of that title; ‘‘(XIII) the special survivor indemnity al-lowance payable under section 1450(m) of title 10; and ‘‘(XIV) any monthly special compensation payable to members of the uniformed serv-ices with catastrophic injuries or illnesses under section 439 of title 37.’’. 
SA 2924. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. C OT-TON, Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. PLAN TO AVOID CLINICAL MISTAKES BY EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS THAT RESULT IN ADVERSE EVENTS THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN DISCLOSURES. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a plan to reduce the chances that clin-ical mistakes by employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs will result in ad-verse events that require institutional or clinical disclosures and to prevent any un-necessary hardship for patients and families impacted by such adverse events. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of a process for the timely identification of individuals impacted by dis-closures described in subsection (a) and the process for contacting those individuals or their next of kin. (2) A description of procedures for expe-diting any remedial or follow-up care re-quired for those individuals. (3) A detailed outline of proposed changes to the process of the Department for clinical quality checks and oversight. (4) A communication plan to ensure all fa-cilities of the Department are made aware of any requirements updated pursuant to the plan. (5) A timeline detailing the implementa-tion of the plan. (6) An identification of the senior execu-tive of the Department responsible for ensur-ing compliance with the plan. (7) An identification of potential impacts of the plan on timely diagnoses for patients. (8) An identification of the processes and procedures for employees of the Department to make leadership at the facility and the Department aware of adverse events that are concerning and that result in disclosures and to ensure that the medical impact on vet-erans of such disclosures is minimized. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2925. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 168, line 17, strike ‘‘$15,000’’ and in-sert ‘‘$42,000’’. SA 2926. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 232 of title II of divi-sion C, add the following: (c)(1) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of the hotline specified in subsection (a) during the five-year period beginning on January 1, 2016, based on an analysis of national suicide data and data collected from such hotline. (2) At a minimum, the study required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) determine the number of veterans who contact the hotline specified in subsection (a) and who receive follow up services from the hotline or mental health services from the Department of Veterans Affairs there-after; (B) determine the number of veterans who contact the hotline who are not referred to, or do not continue receiving, mental health care who commit suicide; and (C) determine the number of veterans de-scribed in subparagraph (A) who commit or attempt suicide. 
SA 2927. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. AUTHORITY FOR SECRETARY OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS TO FURNISH MEDI-CALLY-NECESSARY TRANSPOR-TATION FOR NEWBORN CHILDREN OF CERTAIN WOMEN VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1786 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter before paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and transportation nec-essary to receive such services’’ after ‘‘de-scribed in subsection (b)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, except as provided in subsection (e),’’ after ‘‘seven days’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) another location, including a health care facility, if the veteran delivers the child before arriving at a facility described in paragraph (1) or (2).’’. (2) in subsection (b), by inserting before the period at the end the following‘‘, includ-ing necessary health care services provided by a facility other than the facility where the newborn child was delivered (including a specialty pediatric hospital) that accepts transfer of the newborn child and responsi-bility for treatment of the newborn child’’. (3) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(c) T
RANSPORTATION .—(1) Transportation furnished under subsection (a) to, from, or between, care settings to meet the needs of a newborn child includes costs for either or both the newborn child and parents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.025 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4042 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(2) Transportation furnished under sub-section (a) includes transportation by ambu-lance, including air ambulance, or other ap-propriate medically staffed modes of trans-portation— ‘‘(A) to another health care facility (in-cluding a specialty pediatric hospital) that accepts transfer of the newborn child or oth-erwise provides post-delivery care services when the treating facility is not capable of furnishing the care or services required; or ‘‘(B) to a health care facility in a medical emergency of such nature that a prudent layperson reasonably expects that delay in seeking immediate medical attention would be hazardous to life or health. ‘‘(3) Amounts paid by the Department for transportation under this section shall be de-rived from the Medical Services appropria-tions account of the Department. ‘‘(d) R
EIMBURSEMENT OR PAYMENT FOR  H
EALTH CARE SERVICES OR TRANSPOR -
TATION .—(1) Pursuant to regulations the Sec-retary shall prescribe to establish rates of reimbursement and any limitations thereto under this section, the Secretary shall di-rectly reimburse a covered entity for health care services or transportation services pro-vided under this section, unless the cost of the services or transportation is covered by an established agreement or contract. Where such an agreement or contract already ex-ists, its negotiated payment terms shall apply. ‘‘(2)(A) Reimbursement or payment by the Secretary under this section on behalf of an individual to a covered entity shall, unless rejected and refunded by the covered entity within 30 days of receipt, extinguish any li-ability on the part of the individual for the health care services or transportation cov-ered by such payment. ‘‘(B) Neither the absence of a contract or agreement between the Secretary and a cov-ered entity nor any provision of a contract, agreement, or assignment to the contrary shall operate to modify, limit, or negate the requirements of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘covered entity’ means any individual, transportation carrier, organization, or other entity that furnished or paid for health care services or transportation under this section. ‘‘(e) E
XCEPTION .—Pursuant to such regula-tions as the Secretary shall prescribe to carry out this section, the Secretary may furnish more than seven days of health care services described in subsection (b), and transportation necessary to receive such services, to a newborn child based on medical necessity if the child is in need of additional care, including a case in which the newborn child has been discharged or released from a hospital and requires readmittance to ensure the health and welfare of the newborn child.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN DEBTS ALREADY  I
NCURRED .—Pursuant to such regulations as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall pre-scribe, the Secretary may waive a debt for or reimburse a veteran billed for the cost of transportation that was furnished in order for a newborn child to receive health care services under section 1786 of title 38, United States Code, before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 2928. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title I of division C, add the following: S
EC. lll. (a) F INDING .—Congress finds that, given that the Air Force maintains a so-called ‘‘scorecard’’ to determine where to place aircraft and missions, Congress re-quires a report on the criteria and any ana-lytical models employed in such determina-tions in order to ensure that future appro-priations for military construction in con-nection with such determinations with re-spect to KC–46 aircraft are appropriate in light of the needs of the Air Force regarding such aircraft. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary of Air Force shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the results of a review, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the analytical model used for strategic basing of KC–46 aircraft. (2) P
ARTICULAR ELEMENT .—The report shall include such recommendations of the Sec-retary for the analytical model as the Sec-retary considers appropriate in order to en-sure that the model addresses changes in re-fueling requirements along the Northern Tier of the United States as a result of the 2018 National Defense Strategy and associ-ated mobility capability requirements, in-cluding, in particular, in connection with the growth of activities in the Northern Polar region by global and regional powers. 
SA 2929. Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. N ELSON , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. ANNUAL REPORT ON RATINGS OF NURSING HOMES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7330D. Annual report on ratings of nursing homes of the Department ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than Novem-ber 11 of each year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the ratings of nursing homes of the Department. ‘‘(b) D
ATAINCLUDED .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall include data sets for long-term and short-term care furnished by nursing homes of the Department, including with respect to the following: ‘‘(1) Pain. ‘‘(2) Ulcers. ‘‘(3) Use of anti-psychotic medication. ‘‘(4) Use of catheters. ‘‘(5) Patient wellbeing, such as a fall or major injury. ‘‘(6) Ability to perform daily activities, such as bathing, eating, and using the rest-room. ‘‘(7) Mobility limits of high-risk patients, such as patients with severe ulcers or bed sores. ‘‘(8) Physically restrained patients. ‘‘(9) Patients with urinary tract infections. ‘‘(c) P
ERIOD COVERED BY REPORT .—Each re- port submitted under subsection (a) shall in-clude data covering the 5-year period pre-ceding the submittal of the report. ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF AMOUNTS TO  W
ITHHOLD DATA.—No amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Depart-ment may be used to withhold data regard-ing ratings of nursing homes of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(e) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330C the following new item: ‘‘7330D. Annual report on ratings of nursing homes of the Department.’’. 
SA 2930. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 32, line 16, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘ : Provided, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $20,000,000 shall be for cooperative agreements to accelerate the domestic pro-duction of Molybdenum–99.’’. 
SA 2931. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. INSPECTORS GENERAL. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency of the United States Government over which such Inspec-tor General has responsibilities under the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede the access of such In-spector General to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to such Inspector General and ex-pressly limits the right of access of such In-spector General. (b) T
IMELY ACCESS .—A department or agen-cy of the United States Government covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General access to all records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) C
OMPLIANCE .—Each Inspector General covered by this section shall ensure compli-ance with statutory limitations on disclo-sure relevant to the information provided by the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) R
EPORT .—Each Inspector General cov-ered by this section shall report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations within 5 calendar days of any failure by any department or agency of the United States Government to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.027 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4043 June 19, 2018 
provide its Inspector General access to all re-quested records, documents, and other mate-rials. 
SA 2932. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO PRESI-DENT’S ANNUAL BUDGET REQUEST FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
Whenever the President submits a budget pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the President shall ensure that such budget includes specific amounts to be appropriated for programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs relating to the following: (1) Homeless veterans. (2) Women veterans. (3) Prosthetics. (4) Health care for veterans in rural areas. 
SA 2933. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. CONDUCT OF RESEARCH INTO EF-FECTS OF CANNABIS ON HEALTH OUTCOMES OF CERTAIN VETERANS. 
(a) R ESEARCH REQUIRED .—In carrying out the responsibilities of the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs under section 7303 of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary may con-duct and support research relating to the ef-ficacy and safety of forms of cannabis and methods of cannabis delivery described in subsection (c) on the health outcomes of cov-ered veterans diagnosed with chronic pain, post-traumatic stress disorder, and other conditions the Secretary determines appro-priate. (b) D
ATA PRESERVATION .—Research con-ducted pursuant to subsection (a) shall in-clude a mechanism to ensure the preserva-tion of all data, including all data sets, col-lected or used for purposes of the research required by subsection (a) in a manner that will facilitate further research. (c) F
ORMS OF CANNABIS AND METHODS OF  D
ELIVERY TO BERESEARCHED .—The forms of cannabis and methods of cannabis delivery described in this subsection are— (1) varying forms of cannabis, including— (A) full plants and extracts; (B) at least three different strains of can-nabis with significant variants in phenotypic traits and various ratios of tetrahydrocannabinol and cannabidiol in chemical composition; and (C) other chemical analogs of tetrahydrocannabinol; and (2) varying methods of cannabis delivery, including topical application, combustible and non-combustible inhalation, and inges-tion. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) develop a plan to implement this sec-tion and submit such plan to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) issue any requests for proposals the Secretary determines appropriate for such implementation. (e) REPORTS .—During the five-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit periodi-cally, but not less frequently than annually, to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives reports on the implementation of this section. (f) C
OVERED VETERAN DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a veteran who is enrolled in the patient enroll-ment system of the Department of Veterans Affairs under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 2934. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. TRACKING AND MONITORING INFOR-MATION ABOUT DEBTS TO UNITED STATES INCURRED FROM OVERPAY-MENT BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS OR FOR OTHER REASONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall de-velop a means to track and monitor informa-tion on— (1) the age and amount of debts of persons to the United States by virtue of the persons’ participation in a benefits program adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; (2) whether such debts may be the result of delays in Department of Veterans Affairs processing of changes to beneficiary status or other actions of the Department; and (3) whether such debts are disputed by such persons. (b) R
EPORT .—The Department should also be required to submit a report to congress no later than 90 days after development of the tracking means (so, 270 days after enact-ment). 
SA 2935. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON COMMUNITY CARE COORDINATION AND SUP-PORTIVE SERVICES FOR FAMILIES OF VETERANS AND MEMBERS OF RE-SERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO LACK ADE-QUATE ACCESS TO SERVICES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—Com- mencing not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall, after con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, carry out a pilot program with community partners to assess the feasibility and advis-ability of providing intensive community care coordination and supportive services to covered families who lack adequate access to services furnished by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs or other entities of Federal, State, and local governments. (b) COMMUNITY CARE COORDINATION AND  S
UPPORTIVE SERVICES DESCRIBED .—For pur- poses of the pilot program, intensive commu-nity care coordination and supportive serv-ices are services provided by a community partner to improve the well-being and ad-dress the needs of covered families who live in rural or underserved areas or who other-wise lack access to adequate services fur-nished by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the Federal Government, or State and local governments. Intensive community care coordination and supportive services may include the following: (1) Care coordination and case manage-ment services. (2) Outreach services. (3) Assistance in obtaining any benefits from the Department which the veteran (or member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces) may be eligible to receive, in-cluding the following: (A) Vocational and rehabilitation coun-seling. (B) Employment and training services. (C) Educational assistance. (D) Health care services. (4) Assistance in obtaining and coordi-nating the provision of other public benefits or available services provided by the Federal Government, State or local governments, or other community partners, including the fol-lowing: (A) Marriage counseling. (B) Services for children. (C) Suicide prevention. (D) Substance abuse awareness and treat-ment. (E) Mental health awareness and treat-ment. (F) Financial counseling. (G) Employment assistance. (H) Transportation services. (I) Child care. (J) Housing counseling. (K) Preparing and updating family care plans. (L) Development of strategies for living with a veteran with post traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury. (M) Accessing emergency financial assist-ance through philanthropic efforts. (N) Such other services as may be appro-priate to improve the well-being and address the unique needs of veterans families who live in rural or underserved areas or other-wise lack access to adequate services fur-nished by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the Federal Government, or State and local governments. (5) Providing direct services, described in paragraph (4), that are necessary to address the needs of the covered families but are oth-erwise unavailable through existing public or private programs. (c) A
GREEMENTS AND GRANTS .— (1) A
GREEMENTS .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out the pilot pro-gram by entering into partnership agree-ments with community partners to provide intensive community care coordination and supportive services. (2) G
RANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, using a competitive and merit-based process, award grants to community partners with whom the Secretary has entered into agree-ments under paragraph (1). (B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The amounts of grants awarded under subparagraph (A) shall be used to provide intensive community care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.029 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4044 June 19, 2018 
coordination and supportive services under the pilot program and to assess service deliv-ery efficiencies. (C) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary may award grants under subparagraph (A) on an indi-vidual location basis and may award grants for the provision of certain services at loca-tions that also provide other services. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs to carry out the pilot program $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 340 days before the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the pilot program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The number of covered families served under the pilot program. (B) The number of covered families who re-ceived service linkages or referrals under the pilot program. (C) A description and assessment of the ef-fectiveness and achievements of the pilot program with respect to services and treat-ments and mitigation of risks, including risks relating to homelessness, unemploy-ment, and suicide. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMUNITY PARTNER .—The term ‘‘com-munity partner’’ means a private nonprofit organization. (2) C
OVERED FAMILY .—The term ‘‘covered family’’ means a family with respect to which the head of the household or the spouse of the head of the household is a vet-eran or a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces. A family that consists of a single individual who is a veteran or a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces shall be considered a covered family. 
SA 2936. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN NAMES ON THE VIETNAM VETERANS MEMO-RIAL. 
The Secretary of Defense shall provide for the inclusion on the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial in the District of Columbia the names of the seventy-four crew members of the USS Frank E. Evans killed on June 3, 1969. 
SA 2937. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: SEC. 1ll. REQUIREMENT FOR PHYSICAL EXAMI-NATIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE SE-LECTED RESERVE OF THE READY RESERVE OF THE RESERVE COMPO-NENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ARE SEPARATING FROM THE SE-LECTED RESERVE. 
Section 1145(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pursuant to’’ and inserting ‘‘described in’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A)(i)’’; (ii) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) is a member of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component who is scheduled to separate from the Se-lected Reserve within 90 days;’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘examination under para-graph (1) to a’’ and inserting ‘‘examination— ‘‘(i) under paragraph (1)(A)(i) to a’’; (B) in clause (i), as designated by subpara-graph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) to a mem-ber of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Re-serve of a reserve component during the 90- day period before the date on which the member is scheduled to be separated from the Selected Reserve; and’’. 
SA 2938. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 50, strike line 20 and all that follows through page 51, line 4. Beginning on page 51, strike line 12 and all that follows through page 53, line 2. 
SA 2939. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to Congress a re-port that— (1) describes the history of Corps of Engi-neers funding requests and actual appropria-tions for the last 10 fiscal years preceding the date of enactment of this Act for the flood and coastal storm damage reduction business line, including a list of all requests for coastal and inland investigations, con-struction, and operation and maintenance; (2) provides a definition for the terms ‘‘coastal project’’ and ‘‘inland project’’ that the Corps of Engineers uses with respect to those projects under the flood and coastal storm damage reduction business line; (3) provides an analysis of the changes in the comparative funding for coastal projects and inland projects under that business line; (4) provides an explanation for the discrep-ancy in funding between coastal projects and inland projects under that business line; and (5) includes recommendations on ways to correct the discrepancy described in para-graph (4). SA 2940. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. UPDATED MANUALS AND GUIDES. 
(a) E NGINEERING MANUALS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall prepare and submit to Congress a report making rec-ommendations for a regular schedule for the review and revision of relevant manuals de-veloped and used by the Corps of Engineers in the design and construction of projects in the coastal region. (b) U
NIFIED FACILITIES GUIDE SPECIFICA -
TIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall develop guidelines and rec-ommendations for the incorporation of inno-vative materials and associated techniques into the Unified Facilities Guide Specifica-tions. 
SA 2941. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. The Secretary of the Army may enter into financial assistance agreements with congressionally chartered entities for the purposes of furthering the conservation of natural resources, water resources, and coastal habitats. 
SA 2942. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At end of title II of division A, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 203. COLORADO RIVER SYSTEM WATER PILOT PROJECTS. 
Section 206(c)(2) of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2015 (43 U.S.C. 620 note; Public Law 113–235) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2022; Provided, The Secretary shall not fund pilot projects in the Upper Colorado River Basin without the participa-tion of the Upper Colorado River Division States, acting through the Upper Colorado River Commission’’. 
SEC. 204. WATER MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT. 
Section 9504(e) of the Secure Water Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 10364(e)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$450,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000,000’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.029 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4045 June 19, 2018 
SA 2943. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
RAPO (for himself, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. R
ISCH)) proposed an amend-ment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 24, line 2, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be for a mate-rial recovery demonstration project to pro-vide high assay low enriched low uranium to support advanced reactors.’’. 
SA 2944. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made available under this title for ‘‘M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , A RMY’’, $120,000,000 shall be made available for Tac-tical Equipment Facilities construction. 
SA 2945. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division A, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. (a) Section 206(c)(2) of the En-ergy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (43 U.S.C. 620 note; Public Law 113–235) is amended by striking ‘‘2018.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘2022: Provided, That the Secretary shall not fund pilot projects in the Upper Colorado River Basin without the participation of the Upper Colorado River Division States, acting through the Upper Colorado River Commis-sion.’’. (b) Section 9504(e) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 10364(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘$450,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$480,000,000’’. 
SA 2946. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. THIRD PARTY REVIEW OF AP-POINTEES IN VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION WHO HAD A LI-CENSE, REGISTRATION, OR CERTIFI-CATION FOR THE PROVISION OF HOSPITAL CARE OR MEDICAL SERV-ICES REVOKED AND NOTICE TO IN-DIVIDUALS TREATED BY THOSE AP-POINTEES. 
(a) T HIRD PARTY REVIEW .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall enter into a con-tract or other agreement with an organiza-tion that is not part of the Federal Govern-ment to conduct a clinical review of the hos-pital care and medical services furnished by covered individuals. (b) NOTICE TO PATIENTS TREATED BY COV-
ERED INDIVIDUALS .—With respect to hospital care or medical services furnished by a cov-ered individual under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, if a clinical review determines that an experi-enced, competent practitioner would have managed the care or services differently, the Secretary shall notify any individual who re-ceived such care or services from the covered individual. (c) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this section, a covered individual is an indi-vidual who was appointed to a position in the Veterans Health Administration covered by subsection (b) of section 7402 of title 38, United States Code, in violation of sub-section (f) of such section because the indi-vidual had a license, registration, or certifi-cation applicable to the provision of hospital care or medical services terminated for cause. (d) H
OSPITAL CARE AND MEDICAL SERVICES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the terms ‘‘hos-pital care’’ and ‘‘medical services’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1701 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 2947. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—NO BUDGET, NO PAY 
SEC. lll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘No Budget, No Pay Act’’. 
SEC. lll02. DEFINITION. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Member of Con-gress’’— (1) has the meaning given the term under section 2106 of title 5, United States Code; and (2) does not include the Vice President. 
SEC. lll03. TIMELY APPROVAL OF CONCUR-RENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIATIONS BILLS. 
If both Houses of Congress have not ap-proved a concurrent resolution on the budget as described under section 301 of the Congres-sional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632) for a fiscal year before October 1 of that fiscal year and have not passed all the regular appropriations bills for the next fiscal year before October 1 of that fiscal year, the pay of each Member of Con-gress may not be paid for each day following that October 1 until the date on which both Houses of Congress approve a concurrent res-olution on the budget for that fiscal year and all the regular appropriations bills. 
SEC. lll04. NO PAY WITHOUT CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIATIONS BILLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds may be ap-propriated or otherwise made available from the United States Treasury for the pay of any Member of Congress during any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section lll05. (b) NORETROACTIVE PAY.—A Member of Congress may not receive pay for any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section lll05, at any time after the end of that pe-riod. 
SEC. lll05. DETERMINATIONS. 
(a) S ENATE .— (1) R
EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Octo- ber 1 of each year, the Secretary of the Sen-ate shall submit a request to the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate for certification of determinations made under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (2). (2) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate shall— (A) on October 1 of each year, make a de-termination of whether Congress is in com-pliance with section lll03 and whether Senators may not be paid under that section; (B) determine the period of days following each October 1 that Senators may not be paid under section lll03; and (C) provide timely certification of the de-terminations under subparagraphs (A) and (B) upon the request of the Secretary of the Senate. (b) H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .— (1) R
EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Octo- ber 1 of each year, the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives shall submit a request to the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives for certification of deter-minations made under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). (2) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives shall— (A) on October 1 of each year, make a de-termination of whether Congress is in com-pliance with section lll03 and whether Members of the House of Representatives may not be paid under that section; (B) determine the period of days following each October 1 that Members of the House of Representatives may not be paid under sec-tion lll03; and (C) provide timely certification of the de-terminations under subparagraphs (A) and (B) upon the request of the Chief Administra-tive Officer of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. lll06. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title shall take effect on February 1, 2019. 
SA 2948. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transfer funds made available for the following programs: (1) The Homeless Providers Grant and Per Diem program. (2) The Domiciliary Care for Homeless Vet-erans program. (3) The Supportive Services for Veteran Families program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.028 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4046 June 19, 2018 
(4) The Department of Housing and Urban Development Department of Veterans Af-fairs Supported Housing (HUD–VASH) pro-grams. 
SA 2949. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. REPORT ON CAREGIVER SUPPORT PROGRAM. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that contains— (1) the number of coordinators of caregiver support services under the program of sup-port services for caregivers of veterans under section 1720G(b) of title 38, United States Code, at each medical center of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; (2) the number of staff assigned to appeals for such program at each such medical cen-ter; and (3) a determination by the Secretary of the appropriate staff-to-participant ratio for such program. 
SA 2950. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. Of the amounts made available in this title for fiscal year 2019 for the Vet-erans Health Administration for medical services, not less than $1,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for the Office of Rural Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs to expand the number of Rural Health Resource Cen-ters. 
SA 2951. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title III of divi-sion A (relating to the Department of En-ergy), under the heading ‘‘G
ENERAL PROVI-
SIONS —DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ’’, insert the following: S
EC. 3ll. Section 3(c) of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(c) For purposes of’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) E
XPEDITED APPLICATION AND APPROVAL  P
ROCESS .— ‘‘(1) F
REE TRADE AGREEMENTS IN EFFECT .— For purposes of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) SMALL -SCALE NATURAL GAS EXPORTS .— For purposes of subsection (a), any applica-tion for the exportation of natural gas in a volume that is equal to or less than 51,100,000,000 cubic feet per year of natural gas shall be— ‘‘(A) deemed to be consistent with the pub-lic interest; and ‘‘(B) granted without modification or delay. ‘‘(3) E
XCLUSIONS .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to any nation subject to sanctions imposed by the United States.’’. 
SA 2952. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. Section 2008(c) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2340(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘before, on, or after’’ and inserting ‘‘on or after’’. 
SA 2953. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 85, line 18, insert ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount appropriated, $250,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the Surplus Books Program to promote the program and facilitate a greater number of donations to eligible entities across the United States’’ before the period. 
SA 2954. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. ANNUAL ASSESSMENT AND RATING OF NURSING HOMES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7330D. Annual assessment and rating of nursing homes ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct an annual assessment of all nursing homes operated by the Department and pre-pare ratings and rankings of all such nursing homes. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS OF RATINGS AND  R
ANKINGS .—The nursing home ratings and rankings prepared by the Secretary under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, include the following information: ‘‘(1) The metrics and criteria for deter-mining the ranking of a nursing home of the Department. ‘‘(2) An identification and review of any categories comprising the overall ranking of a nursing home of the Department. ‘‘(3) An identification of the division or business unit of the Department responsible for conducting the assessment under sub-section (a) and determining rankings of nurs-ing homes. ‘‘(4) An explanation of the methods used by such division or business unit in conducting the assessment and determining the rankings. ‘‘(5) A comparison of the current rankings of nursing homes of the Department with all previous rankings of the Department for such nursing homes. ‘‘(6) An identification of a high-risk list consisting of the lowest-ranked nursing homes of the Department. ‘‘(7) An analysis of how the ratings of nurs-ing homes of the Department compare to pri-vate sector nursing homes rated by the Cen-ters for Medicare & Medicaid Services. ‘‘(c) PUBLICATION .—Not less frequently than annually, the Secretary shall publish the ratings and rankings prepared under sub-section (a), including the information re-quired by subsection (b), on a publicly avail-able Internet website of the Department. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .—Not less frequently than an-nually, upon the publication of the annual ratings and rankings under subsection (c), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that includes the following: ‘‘(1) An action plan for improving the qual-ity of care and ranking of the nursing homes of the Department identified on the high- risk list under subsection (b)(6). ‘‘(2) An identification of the resources nec-essary to implement corrective actions, in-cluding funding, stakeholder support, and technology, and an identification of the sen-ior officials of the Department responsible for implementing those corrective actions and supporting results. ‘‘(3) An identification of metrics that can be used to assess progress in improving nurs-ing homes of the Department and assign re-sponsibility for tracking such progress, in-cluding the mechanism to be used to keep senior leadership of the Department in-formed about progress made or challenges encountered. ‘‘(4) A list of key outcomes and goals that demonstrate progress in addressing the con-cerns with nursing homes of the Department identified on the high-risk list under sub-section (b)(6). ‘‘(5) An identification of timeframes for the improvement of nursing homes of the De-partment, with overall and interim mile-stones.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330C the following new item: ‘‘7330D. Annual assessment and rating of nursing homes.’’. 
SA 2955. Ms. HASSAN (for herself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for the moderniza-tion or realignment of facilities of the Vet-erans Health Administration in States in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.037 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4047 June 19, 2018 
which the Department does not operate a full-service medical facility pursuant to rec-ommendations by the Asset and Infrastruc-ture Review Commission under the VA Asset and Infrastructure Review Act of 2018 (sub-title A of title II of Public Law 115–182) until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Commission a report certifying that such modernization or realignment will not result in a disruption or reduction of services for veterans residing in those States. 
SA 2956. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: 
SEC. 1lll. LAND DISPOSAL, FORT DUPONT, DELAWARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law and subject to sub-section (b), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall transfer— (1) all right, title, and interest in and to a parcel of land known as that part of the Original Acquisition (OADE) Tract that in-cludes the bed and banks of the Delaware Branch Channel on the north side of the Fifth Street Bridge, Delaware City, Dela-ware, containing approximately 31.6 acres of land, to the Fort DuPont Redevelopment and Preservation Corporation; and (2) all right, title, and interest in and to the Fifth Street Bridge, together with the land known as that part of the Original Ac-quisition (OADE) Tract that includes the banks and bed of the Delaware Branch Chan-nel, Delaware City, Delaware, containing ap-proximately 0.27 acres of land, to the State of Delaware. (b) C
ONDITIONS .— (1) S
TATE APPROVAL .—Before making a transfer under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall ensure that the Governor of Delaware agrees to the transfer. (2) T
OLL-FREE BRIDGE .—Before making a transfer under subsection (a)(2), the Gov-ernor of Delaware shall agree to ensure that no toll is imposed for use of the bridge re-ferred to in that subsection, in accordance with section 109 of the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (33 U.S.C. 534). (3) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the land to be transferred under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army and the Governor of Delaware. 
SA 2957. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 3. (a) The Secretary of Energy (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a study on the potential for natural gas demand response across energy sectors and geographic regions. (b) Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of study conducted under subsection (a), includ-ing— (1) a description and quantification of— (A) potential natural gas and energy sav-ings and load shifting; and (B) the costs and benefits associated with those savings, including avoided energy costs, reduced market price volatility, im-proved electric and gas system reliability, deferred or avoided pipeline or utility capital investment, and air emissions reductions; (2) an identification of geographic areas that would benefit most from implementing demand response measures for natural gas infrastructure; and (3) a description of— (A) existing and emerging technologies that can be used for demand response in the natural gas sector; and (B) best practices for developing a strategy for deployment of those technologies in the natural gas sector. SA 2958. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. (a) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. (2) The term ‘‘pilot program’’ means the natural gas demand response pilot program established under subsection (b)(1). (3) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Energy. (b)(1) Not later than 150 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Commission, shall es-tablish a natural gas demand response pilot program to use the latest demand response technology from the energy sector for nat-ural gas— (A) to reduce the cost of energy for con-sumers; (B) to reduce market price volatility; (C) to increase reliability of the energy system; and (D) to achieve reductions in air emissions and other benefits. (2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), to be eligible to participate in the pilot program, an entity shall be— (i) a gas utility, including a local distribu-tion company; (ii) a State public utilities commission; (iii) an electric utility, including a local distribution company; (iv) a municipality; (v) a large industrial consumer, large com-mercial consumer, or retail marketer of nat-ural gas; or (vi) a third-party energy efficiency pro-gram administrator. (B) An entity described in any of clauses (ii) through (v) of subparagraph (A) shall not be eligible to participate in the pilot pro-gram if the State law to which the entity is subject specifically precludes the participa-tion of the entity in a natural gas demand response pilot program. (3) The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under different scenarios, including in a region that is experiencing fuel short-ages or natural gas infrastructure con-straints that cause the cost of energy to in-crease for consumers. (4)(A) In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall collect data, including data on, with respect to the regions in which the pilot program is carried out— (i) the reduction in natural gas usage; (ii) decreases in the frequency and severity of natural gas infrastructure constraints; and (iii) changes in energy costs and reli-ability. (B) The Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report describing— (i) how to improve data collection; (ii) the metrics that should be used to quantify natural gas demand response usage; and (iii) opportunities to improve the measure-ment and verification of changes in natural gas consumption resulting from natural gas demand response measures, including oppor-tunities to collect data that could be used to estimate the quantity of natural gas that could be shifted through the implementation of natural gas demand response measures. (c)(1) On establishment of the pilot pro-gram under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary shall submit to all relevant eligible entities notice that the Secretary is accepting appli-cations for the pilot program. (2)(A) Not later than 200 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each eligible entity desiring certification to participate in the pilot program shall submit to the Secretary an application containing such information as the Secretary may require. (B) The Secretary may require as part of the application under subparagraph (A) in-formation on— (i) the current energy prices and energy supply issues in the region in which the eli-gible entity is located; and (ii) how implementation of the pilot pro-gram in the region in which the eligible enti-ty is located can alleviate the current energy prices and energy supply issues in the region. (3) Not later than 250 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall notify each eligible entity that applied for certification under paragraph (2)(A) of whether the eligible entity is certified to participate in the pilot program. (d) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate on the date that is 2 years after the date on which the pilot program is estab-lished under subsection (b)(1). (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the pilot program $4,000,000. 
SA 2959. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 1ll. EXPOSURE TO OPEN BURN PITS AND TOXIC AIRBORNE CHEMICALS AS PART OF PERIODIC HEALTH ASSESS-MENTS AND OTHER PHYSICAL EX-AMINATIONS OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) P ERIODIC HEALTH ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that any periodic health assessment provided to mem-bers of the Armed Forces includes an evalua-tion of whether the member has been— (1) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit was used; or (2) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, in-cluding any information recorded as part of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.037 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4048 June 19, 2018 
the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. (b) S
EPARATION HISTORY AND PHYSICAL EX-
AMINATIONS .—Section 1145(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Secretary concerned shall ensure that each physical examination of a member under subparagraph (A) includes an assess-ment of whether the member was— ‘‘(i) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit, as defined in subsection (c) of section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note), was used; or ‘‘(ii) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, including any information recorded as part of the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under such section 201.’’. (c) D
EPLOYMENT ASSESSMENTS .—Section 1074f(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) An assessment of whether the member was— ‘‘(i) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit, as defined in subsection (c) of section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note), was used; or ‘‘(ii) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, including any information recorded as part of the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under such section 201.’’. (d) S
HARING OF INFORMATION .— (1) DOD–VA.—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly enter into a memorandum of under-standing providing for the sharing by the De-partment of Defense with the Department of Veterans Affairs of the results of covered evaluations regarding the exposure by a member of the Armed Forces to toxic air-borne chemicals. (2) R
EGISTRY .—If a covered evaluation of a member of the Armed Forces establishes that the member was based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit was used, or the member was exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, the member shall be enrolled in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry, unless the member elects to not so enroll. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry’’ means the registry es-tablished by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). (2) The term ‘‘covered evaluation’’ means— (A) a periodic health assessment conducted in accordance with subsection (a); (B) a separation history and physical ex-amination conducted under section 1145(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section; and (C) a deployment assessment conducted under section 1074f(b)(2) of such title, as amended by this section. (3) The term ‘‘open burn pit’’ has the meaning given that term in section 201(c) of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). 
SA 2960. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTER OF EX-CELLENCE IN PREVENTION, DIAG-NOSIS, MITIGATION, TREATMENT, AND REHABILITATION OF HEALTH CONDITIONS RELATING TO EXPO-SURE TO BURN PITS AND OTHER EN-VIRONMENTAL EXPOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 7330D. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and reha-bilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environ-mental exposures ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary shall establish within the Department a cen-ter of excellence in the prevention, diag-nosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilita-tion of health conditions relating to expo-sure to burn pits and other environmental exposures to carry out the responsibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish the cen-ter of excellence under paragraph (1) through the use of— ‘‘(A) the directives and policies of the De-partment in effect as of the date of the en-actment of this section; ‘‘(B) the recommendations of the Comp-troller General of the United States and In-spector General of the Department in effect as of such date; and ‘‘(C) guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense under section 313 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 1074 note). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF SITE.—In selecting the site for the center of excellence established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider entities that— ‘‘(1) are equipped with the specialized equipment needed to study, diagnose, and treat health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures; ‘‘(2) have a track record of publishing in-formation relating to post-deployment health exposures among veterans who served in the Armed Forces in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Free-dom; ‘‘(3) have access to animal models and in vitro models of dust immunology and lung injury consistent with the injuries of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who served in sup-port of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Oper-ation Enduring Freedom; and ‘‘(4) have expertise in allergy, immu-nology, and pulmonary diseases. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the center of excellence collabo-rates, to the maximum extent practicable, with the Secretary of Defense, institutions of higher education, and other appropriate public and private entities (including inter-national entities) to carry out the respon-sibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The center of ex-cellence shall have the following responsibil-ities: ‘‘(1) To provide for the development, test-ing, and dissemination within the Depart-ment of best practices for the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(2) To provide guidance for the health sys-tems of the Department and the Department of Defense in determining the personnel re-quired to provide quality health care for members of the Armed Forces and veterans with health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(3) To establish, implement, and oversee a comprehensive program to train health pro-fessionals of the Department and the Depart-ment of Defense in the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. ‘‘(4) To facilitate advancements in the study of the short-term and long-term ef-fects of exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(5) To disseminate within medical facili-ties of the Department best practices for training health professionals with respect to health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(6) To conduct basic science and translational research on health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures for the purposes of understanding the etiology of such condi-tions and developing preventive interven-tions and new treatments. ‘‘(7) To provide medical treatment to vet-erans diagnosed with medical conditions spe-cific to exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(e) USE OF BURNPITSREGISTRY DATA.—In carrying out its responsibilities under sub-section (d), the center of excellence shall have access to and make use of the data ac-cumulated by the burn pits registry estab-lished under section 201 of the Dignified Bur-ial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improve-ment Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). ‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall carry out this section using amounts appropriated to the Department for such purpose. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘burn pit’ means an area of land located in Afghanistan or Iraq that— ‘‘(A) is designated by the Secretary of De-fense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and ‘‘(B) does not contain a commercially man-ufactured incinerator or other equipment specifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. ‘‘(2) The term ‘other environmental expo-sures’ means exposure to environmental haz-ards, including burn pits, dust or sand, haz-ardous materials, and waste at any site in Afghanistan or Iraq that emits smoke con-taining pollutants present in the environ-ment or smoke from fires or explosions.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330C the following new item: ‘‘7330D. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treat-ment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures.’’. 
SA 2961. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. Section 9 of the Fort Peck Res-ervation Rural Water System Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–382; 114 Stat. 1457, 123 Stat. 2856, 128 Stat. 164) is amended by striking ‘‘2020’’ each place it appears in subsections (a)(1) and (b) and inserting ‘‘2026’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.033 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4049 June 19, 2018 
SA 2962. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At end of title II of division A, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 203. COLORADO RIVER SYSTEM WATER PILOT PROJECTS. 
Section 206(c)(2) of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2015 (43 U.S.C. 620 note; Public Law 113–235) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2022; Provided, The Secretary shall not fund pilot projects in the Upper Colorado River Basin without the participa-tion of the Upper Colorado River Division States, acting through the Upper Colorado River Commission’’. 
SEC. 204. WATER MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT. 
Section 9504(e) of the Secure Water Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 10364(e)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$450,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$480,000,000’’. 
SA 2963. Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 22, line 25, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this head-ing, $4,050,000 shall be made available for the Photovoltaic Regional Test Centers for Solar Technologies of the Department of Energy to ensure the continued operation of each Re-gional Test Center for Solar Technologies of the Department of Energy, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act.’’. 
SA 2964. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. PROGRAM ON USE OF WELLNESS PRO-GRAMS AS COMPLEMENTARY AP-PROACH TO MENTAL HEALTH CARE FOR VETERANS AND FAMILY MEM-BERS OF VETERANS. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a program through the award of grants to public or private non-profit entities to assess the feasibility and advisability of using wellness programs to complement the provision of mental health care to veterans and family members eligible for counseling under section 1712A(a)(1)(C) of title 38, United States Code. (2) M
ATTERS TO BE ADDRESSED .—The pro- gram shall be carried out so as to assess the following: (A) Means of improving coordination be-tween Federal, State, local, and community providers of health care in the provision of mental health care to veterans and family members described in paragraph (1). (B) Means of enhancing outreach, and co-ordination of outreach, by and among pro-viders of health care referred to in subpara-graph (A) on the mental health care services available to veterans and family members described in paragraph (1). (C) Means of using wellness programs of providers of health care referred to in sub-paragraph (A) as complements to the provi-sion by the Department of Veterans Affairs of mental health care to veterans and family members described in paragraph (1). (D) Whether wellness programs described in subparagraph (C) are effective in enhanc-ing the quality of life and well-being of vet-erans and family members described in para-graph (1). (E) Whether wellness programs described in subparagraph (C) are effective in increas-ing the adherence of veterans described in paragraph (1) to the primary mental health services provided such veterans by the De-partment. (F) Whether wellness programs described in subparagraph (C) have an impact on the sense of wellbeing of veterans described in paragraph (1) who receive primary mental health services from the Department. (G) Whether wellness programs described in subparagraph (C) are effective in encour-aging veterans receiving health care from the Department to adopt a more healthy life-style. (b) DURATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the program for a period of three years beginning on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the program at facilities of the Depart-ment providing mental health care services to veterans and family members described in subsection (a)(1). (d) G
RANT PROPOSALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A public or private non-profit entity seeking the award of a grant under this section shall submit an applica-tion therefor to the Secretary in such form and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire. (2) A
PPLICATION CONTENTS .—Each applica-tion submitted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude the following: (A) A plan to coordinate activities under the program, to the extent possible, with Federal, State, and local providers of serv-ices for veterans to enhance the following: (i) Awareness by veterans of benefits and health care services provided by the Depart-ment. (ii) Outreach efforts to increase the use by veterans of services provided by the Depart-ment. (iii) Educational efforts to inform veterans of the benefits of a healthy and active life-style. (B) A statement of understanding from the entity submitting the application that, if se-lected, such entity will be required to report to the Secretary periodically on standardized data and other performance data necessary to evaluate individual outcomes and to fa-cilitate evaluations among entities partici-pating in the program. (C) Other requirements that the Secretary may prescribe. (e) G
RANT USES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A public or private non-profit entity awarded a grant under this sec-tion shall use the award for purposes pre-scribed by the Secretary. (2) E
LIGIBLE VETERANS AND FAMILY .—In car- rying out the purposes prescribed by the Sec-retary in paragraph (1), a public or private nonprofit entity awarded a grant under this section shall use the award to furnish serv-ices only to individuals specified in section 1712A(a)(1)(C) of title 38, United States Code. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) PERIODIC REPORTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the commencement of the program, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the program. (B) R
EPORT ELEMENTS .—Each report re-quired by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) The findings and conclusions of the Sec-retary with respect to the program during the 180-day period preceding the report. (ii) An assessment of the benefits of the program to veterans and their family mem-bers during the 180-day period preceding the report. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the end of the program, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report detailing the recommendations of the Secretary as to the advisability of continuing or expanding the program. (g) W
ELLNESS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘wellness’’ has the meaning given that term in regulations prescribed by the Secretary. 
SA 2965. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. CLARIFICATION THAT VETERANS ARE NOT LIABLE FOR AMOUNTS IMPROP-ERLY PAID TO FAMILY CAREGIVERS DUE TO AN ERROR MADE BY THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
Section 1720G(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) If a family caregiver of an eligible veteran is found to be ineligible for the pro-gram required by paragraph (1) due to an error made by the Department, the eligible veteran shall not be liable for any payments made by the Department to the family care-giver.’’. 
SA 2966. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. PILOT PROGRAM ON PROVISION OF MEDICALLY-TAILORED MEALS TO VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall conduct a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of providing medically-tailored meals for vet-erans living with one or more chronic condi-tions that may be improved as follows by ac-cess to a healthy diet: (1) Improvement in the health of the vet-eran, as measured by— (A) a health outcome measure associated with the identified chronic condition or the overall health of the veteran; (B) a reduction on the reliance of the vet-eran on medication to control the identified chronic condition; (C) the perception by the veteran of their overall health and wellness; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.031 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4050 June 19, 2018 
(D) such other measures as determined by the Secretary to be clinically significant in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (2) The reduction of individual and house-hold food insecurity. (3) The increased consumption of domestic fruits and vegetables. (b) G
RANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary may award grants to programs receiving Federal funding and serving veterans, including the following: (A) An emergency feeding organization (as defined in section 201A of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7501)). (B) A federally-qualified health center (as defined in section 1905(l)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(l)(2)(B))). (C) A facility operated by the Indian Health Service or the governing body of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). (D) An institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)). (2) G
RANT DURATION .—The period covered by a grant awarded under paragraph (1) may not be less than two years. (c) D
URATION OF PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program for a period of five years beginning on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) I
NDIVIDUAL PARTICIPATION .—Veterans participating in the pilot program shall par-ticipate in the pilot program for a period of not less than one year. (d) L
OCATION .—The pilot program shall be carried out at not fewer than 10 locations in 10 different States. (e) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall include the following program requirements: (1) A methodology for how the pilot pro-gram would be targeted to low-income vet-erans and households with individuals with one or more chronic conditions. (2) A plan for screening and enrolling vet-erans in the pilot program. (3) A methodology for the evaluation of participants in the pilot program at the time of enrollment, after six months, and after one year of participation focused on the pur-poses of the pilot program under subsection (a), including— (A) a comprehensive health assessment of each participant; (B) an evaluation of each participant’s per-ception of their wellness; (C) an assessment of the eligibility of the participant and the participation of the par-ticipant in programs of the Federal Govern-ment designed to reduce food insecurity, in-cluding the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) and the Meals on Wheels program; and (D) an assessment of the eligibility of the participant and the participation of the par-ticipant in programs of the Federal Govern-ment designed to provide access to health care, including the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.), the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), and health insurance purchased through a health insurance exchange under title I of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111–148). (4) The inclusion of nutrition education op-portunities for participants. (5) A methodology for the collection and aggregation of data for purposes of analyzing the benefit of medically-tailored meals on participants. (f) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report de-tailing the recommendations of the Sec-retary as to the feasibility and advisability of continuing or expanding the pilot pro-gram, based on the following: (1) The improvement of health outcomes of participants in the pilot program. (2) The reduction in the reliance of such participants on medications to control iden-tified chronic conditions. (3) The reduction of health care costs for Federal agencies resulting from the pilot program. (4) The overall impact of the pilot program on spending in other programs of the Federal Government that are utilized by such par-ticipants. (g) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
EDICALLY -TAILORED MEALS .—The term ‘‘medically-tailored meals’’ means meals or food packages designed by a registered dieti-tian or other nutrition professional to be beneficial for someone with one or more chronic conditions. (2) W
ELLNESS .—The term ‘‘wellness’’ has the meaning given that term by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services and in-corporates the eight dimensions of wellness set forth by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration of the De-partment of Health and Human Services. 
SA 2967. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. CONSTRUCTION OR LEASE OF DENTAL CLINICS OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall construct or lease a den-tal clinic of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs in any State that does not have a facil-ity of the Department that offers on-site dental services. (b) F
ACILITY OF THE DEPARTMENT DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘facility of the Department’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘facilities of the Department’’ in sec-tion 1701 of title 38, United States Code. (c) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No new amounts are au-thorized to be appropriated to carry out this section. (2) U
SE OF EXISTING AMOUNTS .—Not less than $5,000,000 and not more than $10,000,000 of the amounts appropriated to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs under this Act for construction shall be used to carry out this section. 
SA 2968. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 50, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: (i) W
EST VALLEY DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECT .—All radioactive waste at the high- level radioactive waste management dem-onstration project at the Western New York Service Center in West Valley, New York, carried out under the West Valley Dem-onstration Project Act (42 U.S.C. 2021a note; Public Law 96–368) shall be considered to be waste resulting from atomic energy defense activities, as defined in section 2 of the Nu-clear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). 
SA 2969. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title III of divi-sion A (relating to the Department of En-ergy), under the heading ‘‘G
ENERAL PROVI-
SIONS —DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ’’, insert the following: S
EC. 3ll. (a) Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 13287, the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of that section and the procedures of the Com-mission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of the project for up to 4 consecutive 2-year periods after the required date of the commencement of con-struction described in Article 301 of the li-cense. (b)(1) If the period required for the com-mencement of construction of the project de-scribed in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission may reinstate the license effective as of that date of expiration. (2) If the Commission reinstates the license under paragraph (1), the first extension au-thorized under subsection (a) shall take ef-fect on the date of that expiration. 
SA 2970. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 305. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to commence the engi-neering development phase, or any subse-quent phase, of the development of a low- yield nuclear weapon unless such develop-ment is specifically authorized by an Act of Congress. 
SA 2971. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.031 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4051 June 19, 2018 
MANCHIN , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. INSPECTORS GENERAL. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency of the United States Government over which such Inspector General has re-sponsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede the access of such Inspector General to such records, documents, or other mate-rials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to such Inspector General and expressly limits the right of access of such Inspector General. (b) T
IMELY ACCESS .—A department or agen-cy covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General access to all records, docu-ments, and other materials in a timely man-ner. (c) C
OMPLIANCE .—Each Inspector General covered by this section shall ensure compli-ance with statutory limitations on disclo-sure relevant to the information provided by the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) R
EPORT .—Each Inspector General cov-ered by this section shall report to the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives within 5 calendar days of any failure by any department or agency covered by this section to comply with this section. 
SA 2972. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, insert the following: S
EC. 305. (a) Of the funds appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fis-cal year 2019 for the W76–2 warhead modifica-tion program, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Energy and the Sec-retary of Defense jointly submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report— (1) assessing the potential effects of the modification of the W76–2 warhead and the development of a low-yield nuclear warhead for submarine-launched ballistic missiles on strategic stability; (2) providing evidence for the conclusion in the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review that adver-saries have a ‘‘mistaken perception of an ex-ploitable ‘gap’’’ in United States regional de-terrence capabilities; and (3) assessing options— (A) to reduce the risk of miscalculation as-sociated with adversaries being unable to distinguish between a submarine-launched ballistic missile carrying a low-yield war-head and such a missile carrying several high-yield warheads; and (B) to preserve the survivability and the second-strike capability of ballistic missile submarines without increasing risk. (b) The report described in subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (c) In this section, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. SA 2973. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Sec-retary of the Army— (1) to enforce any requirements of the Rough River Lake Flowage Easement En-croachment Resolution Plan of the Corps of Engineers, dated January 2017; or (2) to exercise any eminent domain power under that Plan. 
SA 2974. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Sec-retary of the Army to complete the survey around Rough River Lake, Kentucky, by the Corps of Engineers for the purposes of the Rough River Lake Flowage Easement En-croachment Resolution Plan of the Corps of Engineers, dated January 2017. 
SA 2975. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study for the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cumberland, Ken-tucky, project authorized under the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, ch. 595). 
SA 2976. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to carry out the final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)). SA 2977. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V of division A, insert the following: S
EC. 5ll. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, each amount provided by this division is reduced by such amount as is necessary to ensure that the amount is equal to the lower of— (1) the amount described in the budget re-quest submitted to Congress by the Presi-dent for the applicable heading, program, or account; and (2) the amount recommended by the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the applica-ble heading, program, or account. 
SA 2978. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. G RASS -
LEY) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 4, strike line 18 and all that follows through page 16, line 25, and in-sert the following: ment to construction); $2,148,000,000, to re-main available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facili-ties program shall be derived from the Har-bor Maintenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover one-half of the costs of construction, replacement, reha-bilitation, and expansion of inland water-ways projects, except for Chickamauga Lock, Tennessee River, Tennessee, which shall be 15 percent during the fiscal year cov-ered by this Act, shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as oth-erwise specifically provided for in law: Pro- vided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $102,130,000 shall be for Additional Funding, Inland Waterways Trust Fund Revenues, as designated in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $507,870,000 shall be for Additional Funding, Navigation, as designated in the re-port accompanying this Act. 
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $350,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible oper-ation and maintenance costs for inland har-bors shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.034 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4052 June 19, 2018 
harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing secu-rity for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative build-ings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing ob-structions to navigation, $3,740,000,000, to re-main available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the spe-cial account for the Corps of Engineers es-tablished by the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, re-search, interpretation, and maintenance ac-tivities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is avail-able; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Pro- vided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field oper-ating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up con-tamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $120,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such dis-asters as authorized by law, $35,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Di-vision Engineers; and for costs of manage-ment and operation of the Humphreys Engi-neer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $193,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation pro-vided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works execu-tive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the super-vision and general administration of emer-gency operations, repairs, and other activi-ties in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not more than 75 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the As-sistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title, as des-ignated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accom-panying this Act, to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in title I of this Act, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or enti-ties funded in title I of this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fis-cal year 2019, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditure through a reprogram-ming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-cific activity for a different purpose, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; (5) augments or reduces existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of the amounts contained in paragraphs (6) through (10), unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations; (6) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—For a base level over $100,000, reprogramming of 25 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $150,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro- vided, That for a base level less than $100,000, the reprogramming limit is $25,000: Provided further, That up to $25,000 may be repro-grammed into any continuing study or activ-ity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant admin-istrative expenses; (7) C
ONSTRUCTION .—For a base level over $2,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $3,000,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro- vided, That for a base level less than $2,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $300,000: Provided further, That up to $3,000,000 may be reprogrammed for settled contractor claims, changed conditions, or real estate de-ficiency judgments: Provided further, That up to $300,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not re-ceive an appropriation for existing obliga-tions and concomitant administrative ex-penses; (8) OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .—Unlim- ited reprogramming authority is granted for the Corps to be able to respond to emer-gencies: Provided, That the Chief of Engi-neers shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of these emergency actions as soon thereafter as practicable: Provided further, That for a base level over $1,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $5,000,000 per project, study, or activity is al-lowed: Provided further, That for a base level less than $1,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $150,000: Provided further, That $150,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropria-tion; (9) M
ISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES .— The reprogramming guidelines in paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) shall apply to the Investiga-tions, Construction, and Operation and Maintenance portions of the Mississippi River and Tributaries Account, respectively; and (10) F
ORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL AC -
TION PROGRAM .—Reprogramming of up to 15 percent of the base of the receiving project is permitted. (b) D
EMINIMUS REPROGRAMMINGS .—In no case should a reprogramming for less than $50,000 be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. (c) C
ONTINUING AUTHORITIES PROGRAM .— Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity funded under the con-tinuing authorities program. (d) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations to establish the baseline for application of reprogram-ming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year which shall include: (1) A table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if applicable, and the fiscal year en-acted level; and (2) A delineation in the table for each ap-propriation both by object class and pro-gram, project and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appro-priations; and (3) An identification of items of special congressional interest. (e) The Secretary shall allocate funds made available in this Act solely in accord-ance with the provisions of this Act and the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, including the deter-mination and designation of new starts. (f) None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to this section. S
EC. 102. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. S
EC. 103. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alter-native for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341): Pro- vided, That until an open lake placement al-ternative for dredged material is approved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.036 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4053 June 19, 2018 
under a State water quality certification, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material con-sistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition of buoy chain that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007, subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2). S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $898,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,398,675 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for ex-penses necessary in carrying out related re-sponsibilities of the Secretary of the Inte-rior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be ex-pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and res-toration of water and related natural re-sources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilita-tion of reclamation and other facilities, par-ticipation in fulfilling related Federal re-sponsibilities to Native Americans, and re-lated grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,395,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $67,693,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be in-creased or decreased within the overall ap-propriation under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That within available funds, $250,000 shall be for grants and financial assistance for educational activities: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same pur-poses as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be car-ried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $99,500,000 shall be for Additional Funding for Ongoing Work: Rural Water, as designated in the report accompanying this Act. SA 2979. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. (a) Pursuant to the special mes-sage transmitted by the President on May 8, 2018, to the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives proposing the rescission of budget authority under section 1012 of part B of title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 683), the rescissions described in subsection (b) shall take effect immediately on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) The rescissions referred to in sub-section (a) are as follows: (1) Any unobligated balances of amounts provided by section 129 of the Consolidated Security, Disaster Assistance, and Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 110–329; 122 Stat. 3578) for the cost of direct loans under section 136(d) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013(d)) are rescinded. (2) Of the unobligated balances made avail-able by section 1425 of the Department of De-fense and Full-Year Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 126) for the cost of loan guarantees for re-newable energy or efficient end-use energy technologies under section 1703 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16513), $160,682,760 are rescinded. (3) Any unobligated balances of amounts made available under the heading ‘‘T
ITLE 17—I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN GUAR-
ANTEE PROGRAM ’’ under the heading ‘‘EN-ERGY PROGRAMS’’ under the heading ‘‘DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY’’ in title IV of di-vision A of the American Recovery and Rein-vestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5; 123 Stat. 140) for the cost of guaranteed loans authorized by section 1705 of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16516) are rescinded. 
SA 2980. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: S
EC. 3llll. In making awards from the Energy Technology Commercialization Fund established under section 1001(e) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391(e)), the requirements for matching funds shall be determined by the Secretary of Energy in ac-cordance with section 988 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 16352). 
SA 2981. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM TO EXTEND PAVE-MENT LIFE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army may carry out a pilot program to de-sign, build, and test technologies and innova-tive pavement materials in order to extend the service life of military roads and run-ways. (b) S
COPE.—The pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The design, test and assembly of tech-nologies and systems suitable for pavement applications. (2) Research, development, and testing of new pavement materials for road and runway use in different geographic areas in the United States. (3) Design and procurement of platforms and equipment to test performance, cost, feasibility, and effectiveness. (c) C
OMPETITION REQUIREMENTS .—Any award of a contract or grant under the pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall be made using merit-based selection proce-dures. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the commencement of the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary of the Army shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of activities under the pilot program in improv-ing the service life of military roads and run-ways. (B) An analysis of potential lifetime cost- savings associated with the extended service life of the runways and roads as well as po-tential reduction in energy demands. (e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thorities under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2024. 
SA 2982. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 66, between lines 13 and 14, insert the following: 
TRANSIT BENEFITS FOR INTERNS  S
EC. 104. Section 7905(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, a Sen-ate intern’’ before ‘‘, and a student’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the term ‘Senate intern’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(A) who serves in the office of a Senator or a committee of the Senate on a temporary basis for a period not to exceed 12 months (without regard to whether the individual is compensated for the service); and ‘‘(B) whose service is primarily for the edu-cational experience of the individual.’’. 
SA 2983. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.036 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4054 June 19, 2018 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. (a) The Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall evaluate the military installations at which it would be cost-effective to establish a partnership with community colleges, in-stitutions of higher education, and the pri-vate sector to train veterans and members of the Armed Forces transitioning to civilian life to enter the cybersecurity, energy, and artificial intelligence workforces. (b) Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of En-ergy, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the congressional defense and energy committees and make publicly available a report describing the re-sults of the evaluation conducted under sub-section (a). 
SA 2984. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON COMMUNITY CARE COORDINATION AND SUP-PORTIVE SERVICES FOR FAMILIES OF VETERANS AND MEMBERS OF RE-SERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO LACK ADE-QUATE ACCESS TO SERVICES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Commencing not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, after consultation with the Secretary of Defense, carry out a pilot pro-gram with community partners to assess the feasibility and advisability of providing in-tensive community care coordination and supportive services to covered families who lack adequate access to services furnished by the Department of Veterans Affairs or other entities of Federal, State, and local govern-ments. (2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that no coordination or supportive serv-ice is provided under the pilot program to a covered family unless the Secretary has cer-tified that the Department cannot otherwise provide the coordination or supportive serv-ice to the covered family, including by a telehealth or other function of the Depart-ment. (b) C
OMMUNITY CARE COORDINATION AND  S
UPPORTIVE SERVICES DESCRIBED .—For pur- poses of the pilot program, intensive commu-nity care coordination and supportive serv-ices are services provided by a community partner to improve the well-being and ad-dress the needs of covered families who live in rural or underserved areas or who other-wise lack access to adequate services fur-nished by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the Federal Government, or State and local governments. Intensive community care coordination and supportive services may include the following: (1) Care coordination and case manage-ment services. (2) Outreach services. (3) Assistance in obtaining any benefits from the Department which the veteran (or member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces) may be eligible to receive, in-cluding the following: (A) Vocational and rehabilitation coun-seling. (B) Employment and training services. (C) Educational assistance. (D) Health care services. (4) Assistance in obtaining and coordi-nating the provision of other public benefits or available services provided by the Federal Government, State or local governments, or other community partners, including the fol-lowing: (A) Marriage counseling. (B) Services for children. (C) Suicide prevention. (D) Substance abuse awareness and treat-ment. (E) Mental health awareness and treat-ment. (F) Financial counseling. (G) Employment assistance. (H) Transportation services. (I) Child care. (J) Housing counseling. (K) Preparing and updating family care plans. (L) Development of strategies for living with a veteran with post traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury. (M) Accessing emergency financial assist-ance through philanthropic efforts. (N) Such other services as may be appro-priate to improve the well-being and address the unique needs of veterans families who live in rural or underserved areas or other-wise lack access to adequate services fur-nished by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the Federal Government, or State and local governments. (5) Providing direct services, described in paragraph (4), that are necessary to address the needs of the covered families but are oth-erwise unavailable through existing public or private programs. (c) AGREEMENTS AND GRANTS .— (1) A
GREEMENTS .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out the pilot pro-gram by entering into partnership agree-ments with community partners to provide intensive community care coordination and supportive services. (2) G
RANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, using a competitive and merit-based process, award grants to community partners with whom the Secretary has entered into agree-ments under paragraph (1). (B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The amounts of grants awarded under subparagraph (A) shall be used to provide intensive community care coordination and supportive services under the pilot program and to assess service deliv-ery efficiencies. (C) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary may award grants under subparagraph (A) on an indi-vidual location basis and may award grants for the provision of certain services at loca-tions that also provide other services. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs to carry out the pilot program $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 340 days before the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the pilot program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The number of covered families served under the pilot program. (B) The number of covered families who re-ceived service linkages or referrals under the pilot program. (C) A description and assessment of the ef-fectiveness and achievements of the pilot program with respect to services and treat-ments and mitigation of risks, including risks relating to homelessness, unemploy-ment, and suicide. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMUNITY PARTNER .—The term ‘‘com-munity partner’’ means a private nonprofit organization. (2) C
OVERED FAMILY .—The term ‘‘covered family’’ means a family with respect to which the head of the household or the spouse of the head of the household is a vet-eran or a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces. A family that consists of a single individual who is a veteran or a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces shall be considered a covered family. 
SA 2985. Mr. McCONNELL (for Ms. B
ALDWIN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 32, line 16, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘ : Provided, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $20,000,000 shall be for cooperative agreements and laboratory support to accel-erate the domestic production of Molyb-denum–99.’’. 
SA 2986. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 24, line 16, insert ‘‘That using funds made available under this heading, the Secretary of Energy shall continue to carry out external Department of Energy activi-ties for advanced coal processing research and development, including by advancing early stage research for converting coal pitch and coal to carbon fiber and other value-added products for alternative uses of coal: Provided further,’’ before ‘‘That of such amount’’. 
SA 2987. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. Of the funds made available under this title for construction that are in excess of the amount requested for that pur-pose in the budget of the United States Gov-ernment most recently submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, not less than $100,000,000 shall be used for projects related to deep- draft navigation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.032 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4055 June 19, 2018 
SA 2988. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. 5ll. None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to reevaluate or revise any jurisdictional determination for wetland delineations for the Atlantic and Gulf Coast region that was valid as of Janu-ary 1, 2008, or that has an effective approval date of January 1, 2008, through December 31, 2014. 
SA 2989. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON OFFICIAL TRAVEL BY MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AND CON-GRESSIONAL STAFF IF APPROPRIA-TIONS NOT COMPLETED. 
On and after October 1, 2018, if both Houses of Congress have not approved all the regular appropriations bills for fiscal year 2019, no amounts made available under this Act may be obligated or expended for official travel by a Member of Congress or an employee whose pay is disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate or the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SA 2990. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division C, add the following: S
EC. lll. (a) R EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary of Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the results of a review, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the analytical model used for strategic basing of KC–46 air-craft. (b) P
ARTICULAR ELEMENT .—The report shall include such recommendations of the Sec-retary for the analytical model as the Sec-retary considers appropriate in order to en-sure that the model addresses changes in re-fueling requirements along the Northern Tier of the United States as a result of the 2018 National Defense Strategy and associ-ated mobility capability requirements, in-cluding, in particular, in connection with the growth of activities in the Northern Polar region by global and regional powers. 
SA 2991. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. P ETERS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 50, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: 
SEC. 305. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE CONSTRUCTION OF A PERMANENT GEOLOGICAL REPOSITORY FOR NU-CLEAR WASTE AND RADIOACTIVE MATERIALS IN THE GREAT LAKES BASIN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The water resources of the Great Lakes Basin are precious public natural resources, which are shared by the Great Lakes States and the Canadian Provinces. (2) Since 1909, the United States and Can-ada have worked to maintain and improve the water quality of the Great Lakes through water quality agreements. (3) More than 40,000,000 people, in both Can-ada and the United States, depend on fresh water from the Great Lakes for drinking water. (4) Ontario Power Generation is proposing to build a permanent geological repository for nuclear waste less than 1 mile from Lake Huron in Kincardine, Ontario, Canada. (5) Nuclear waste is highly toxic and can take tens of thousands of years to decompose to safe levels. (6) A spill of nuclear waste into the Great Lakes could have lasting and severely ad-verse environmental, health, and economic impacts on the Great Lakes and the people who depend on the Great Lakes for their livelihood. (7) At least 187 State, tribal, county, and local governments have passed resolutions opposing Ontario Power Generation’s pro-posed nuclear waste repository. (8) Tribes and First Nations’ citizens have a strong spiritual and cultural connection to the Great Lakes, and the protection of the Great Lakes is fundamental to treaty rights. (9) Ontario Power Generation has promised not to move forward with its current pro-posal without the support of the First Na-tions that would be impacted. (10) During the 1980s, when the Department of Energy, in accordance with the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, was studying po-tential sites for a permanent nuclear waste repository in the United States, the Govern-ment of Canada expressed concern with lo-cating a permanent nuclear waste repository within shared water basins of the 2 coun-tries. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Government of Canada should not allow a permanent nuclear waste repository to be built within the Great Lakes Basin; (2) the President, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of State should take ap-propriate action to work with the Govern-ment of Canada to prevent a permanent nu-clear waste repository from being built with-in the Great Lakes Basin; and (3) the President, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of State should work to-gether with the Government of Canada to consider other avenues to identify safer and more responsible solutions for addressing the long-term storage of nuclear waste. 
SA 2992. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used in a manner that would increase wait times for veterans who seek care at medical facilities of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
SA 2993. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DE-TENTION OF CITIZENS AND LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4001(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) No citizen or lawful permanent resi-dent of the United States shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United States except consistent with the Constitution and pursuant to an Act of Congress that ex-pressly authorizes such imprisonment or de-tention.’’. (b) R
ELATIONSHIP TO AN AUTHORIZATION TO U
SEMILITARY FORCE , DECLARATION OF WAR, 
ORSIMILAR AUTHORITY .—Section 4001 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a) is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, shall not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the United States. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to an authoriza-tion to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the Due Process Guarantee Act. ‘‘(3) This section shall not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of a citizen of the United States, a lawful perma-nent resident of the United States, or any other person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. 
SA 2994. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 22, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 24, line 15 and in-sert the following: $2,330,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $162,500,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for program direction: Pro- vided further, That of such amount, $256,000,000 shall be used for grants under the weatherization assistance program for low- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.050 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4056 June 19, 2018 
income persons established under part A of title IV of the Energy Conservation and Pro-duction Act (42 U.S.C. 6861 et seq.). C
YBERSECURITY , ENERGY SECRUITY , AND E
MERGENCY RESPONSE  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy sector cybersecurity, energy security, emergency response, and electricity delivery activities in carrying out the purposes of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any fa-cility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $260,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $28,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for pro-gram direction. N
UCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,206,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $80,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for pro-gram direction. F
OSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the au-thority of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defea-sible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facil-ity acquisition or expansion, and for con-ducting inquiries, technological investiga-tions and research concerning the extrac-tion, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $716,000,000, to remain available until expended: Pro- 
SA 2995. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ON FUR-NISHING DENTAL HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS IN RURAL AND OTHER UNDERSERVED COMMU-NITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out a demonstra-tion program to assess the feasibility and ad-visability of furnishing dental health care services, including through the use of alter-native dental health care providers, to in-crease access to such services for eligible veterans who reside in rural and other under-served communities. (b) L
OCATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the demonstration program in not more than four rural States, as determined by the Secretary. (2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall prioritize the establishment of programs under the demonstration program under this section in States that do not have a facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that offers on-site dental services. (c) ELIGIBLE VETERANS .—A veteran is eligi-ble for dental health care services under the demonstration program under this section if— (1) the veteran is entitled to dental health care services from the Department; or (2) the veteran is enrolled in the system of patient enrollment of the Department under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code, but is not eligible for dental health care services from the Department under authori-ties other than this section. (d) T
ELEHEALTH .—For purposes of alter-native dental health care providers and other dental care providers who are licensed to provide clinical care, dental services pro-vided under the demonstration program under this section may be administered by such providers through telehealth-enabled collaboration and supervision when appro-priate and feasible. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out the demonstration program under this section $20,000,000. (f) A
LTERNATIVE DENTAL HEALTH CARE P
ROVIDERS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘alternative dental health care pro-viders’’ has the meaning given that term in section 340G–1(a)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256g–1(a)(2)). 
SA 2996. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 31, line 16, insert ‘‘: Provided, That of such amount, such amounts as are nec-essary shall be available to ensure that the Office of the Inspector General fully meets the requirements of the Federal Funding Ac-countability and Transparency Act of 2006 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note; Public Law 109–292)’’ be-fore the period. 
SA 2997. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 22, line 25, strike ‘‘direction.’’ and insert ‘‘direction: Provided further, That of such amount, not less than $1,000,000 shall be used to support the development and deploy-ment of high-efficiency linear generator power plant technology, which, for purposes of stationary electric power production, is equivalent to fuel cell power plant tech-nology.’’. 
SA 2998. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 305. (a) Not later than April 1, 2019, and annually thereafter through 2025, the Chairperson of the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, shall submit to the Sec-retary of Defense, the Administrator for Nu-clear Security, and the congressional defense committees a written certification that the plutonium pit production strategy rec-ommended by the Administrator in a letter to the congressional defense committees dated May 10, 2018, is on track to meet— (1) the requirement to begin production of 30 war reserve pits per year at Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mex-ico, by 2026; and (2) the timelines for demonstrating a capa-bility to produce an additional 50 war reserve plutonium pits per year, as required by sec-tion 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a). (b) In this section, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2999. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available by this title may be used by the Corps of En-gineers to conduct a release or discharge of water from Lake Okeechobee to the Caloosahatchee Estuary or the Indian River Lagoon unless the discharge or release— (1) is conducted in pulses to minimize downstream impacts from reduced water quality and harmful algal blooms to local communities and wildlife habitat; or (2) is necessary— (A) to protect the integrity of the Herbert Hoover Dike; and (B) to minimize threats to lives and human health in the communities surrounding Lake Okeechobee. 
SA 3000. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. (a) Congress finds that— (1) the restoration of the Everglades, as de-scribed in the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan authorized by title VI of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2680) (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Plan’’), is the most ambitious environmental restora-tion program in history; (2) the overarching objectives of the Plan are the restoration, preservation, and protec-tion of the south Florida ecosystem, while providing for other water-related needs of the region, including water supply and flood protection; (3) the Plan should continue to be imple-mented as authorized— (A) to ensure— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.038 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4057 June 19, 2018 
(i) the protection of water quality in the south Florida ecosystem; (ii) the reduction of the loss of fresh water from the south Florida ecosystem; and (iii) the improvement of the environment of the south Florida ecosystem; and (B) to achieve and maintain the benefits to the natural system and human environment described in the Plan; and (4) the equal partnership between the Fed-eral Government and the State of Florida re-mains essential to accomplishing the objec-tives of the Plan. (b) It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the discharge of excess water by the Corps of Engineers from Lake Okeechobee to the Caloosahatchee Estuary and the Indian River Lagoon conflicts with the objectives of the Plan; (2) the diversion of those Lake Okeechobee discharges to project features like the Ever-glades Agricultural Area Storage Reservoir, designed to store and treat water prior to re-lease into the Central Everglades, is an es-sential source of fresh water for meeting the objectives of the Plan; (3) the peer-reviewed Dynamic Model for Everglades Stormwater Treatment Areas de-veloped by the Department of the Interior is wholly satisfactory for demonstrating com-pliance of congressionally authorized Plan projects with water quality standards; and (4) the Plan authorizes a 50/50 Federal- State cost share for all aspects of congres-sionally authorized restoration projects, in-cluding water quality projects. 
SA 3001. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. IMPROVEMENTS TO AUTHORIZATION OF MONTHLY ASSISTANCE FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR DISABLED VETERANS COMPETING FOR SLOTS ON THE UNITED STATES OLYMPIC TEAM. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 322(d)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) a veteran with a service-connected disability rated as 30 percent or greater who is training to compete for a slot on the United States Olympic Team and the Sec-retary determines, on a case-by-case basis, is training at an elite level or is invited by the United States Olympic Committee (or a na-tional governing body recognized by such committee under section 220521 of title 36) to compete for a slot on, or selected for, the United States Olympic Team for any month in which the veteran is training or com-peting in any event sanctioned by the United States Olympic Committee (or a national governing body).’’. 
SA 3002. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: SEC. lll. GRANTS FOR PROVISION OF TRANSI-TION ASSISTANCE TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AFTER SEPA-RATION, RETIREMENT, OR DIS-CHARGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Labor, award grants to eligible organizations for the provision of transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces who are separated, retired, or discharged from the Armed Forces, and spouses of such members. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The recipient of a grant under this section shall use the grant to co-ordinate for members of the Armed Forces and spouses described in subsection (a) the following: (1) Re´sume´assistance. (2) Interview training. (3) Job recruitment training. (4) Behavioral health services. (5) Financial services. (6) Legal assistance. (7) Educational supportive services. (8) Assistance with accessing benefits pro-vided under laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. (9) Non-clinical case management. (10) Such other services that may be re-lated to the assistance and services set forth in this subsection as the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs determines may lead directly to successful transition to civilian life. (c) E
LIGIBLE ORGANIZATIONS .—To be eligi-ble for a grant under this section, an organi-zation shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication containing such information and assurances as the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, may require. (d) P
RIORITY FOR HUBS OF SERVICES .—In awarding grants under this section, the Sec-retary shall give priority to an organization that provides multiple forms of services de-scribed in subsection (b). (e) I
NCLUSION IN TRANSITION ASSISTANCE  P
ROGRAM COUNSELING .—The Secretary of the military department concerned shall include in the information provided to a member of the Armed Forces during Transition Assist-ance Program information regarding any re-cipient of a grant under this section that is located in the community in which that member will reside after separation, retire-ment, or discharge from the Armed Forces. (f) A
MOUNT OF GRANT .—A grant under this section shall be in an amount that does not exceed 50 percent of the amount required by the organization to provide the services de-scribed in subsection (b). (g) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall commence the awarding of grants under this section not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to pro-vide a grant under this section shall termi-nate on the date that is five years after the date on which the Secretary commences the awarding of grants under this section. (i) D
ERIVATION OF FUNDS .—Amounts used to carry out this section shall be derived from amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the General Administra-tive Office of the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. (j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. (2) T
RANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Transition Assistance Program’’ means the Transition Assistance Program under sections 1142 and 1144 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 3003. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 305. (a) Section 5 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 798) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘three’’ and inserting ‘‘4’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Commission may extend the period of a preliminary permit once for not more than 2 additional years beyond the 3 years’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Com-mission may— ‘‘(1) extend the period of a preliminary per-mit once for not more than 4 additional years beyond the 4 years’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) after the end of an extension period granted under paragraph (1), issue an addi-tional permit to the permittee if the Com-mission determines that there are extraor-dinary circumstances that warrant the issuance of the additional permit.’’. (b) Section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘once but not longer than two additional years’’ and inserting ‘‘for not more than 8 additional years,’’. (c) Any obligation of a licensee or exemptee for the payment of annual charges under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)) for a project that has not commenced construction as of the date of en-actment of this Act shall commence not ear-lier than the latest of— (1) the date by which the licensee or exemptee is required to commence construc-tion; or (2) the date of any extension of the dead-line under paragraph (1). (d) If the period required for commence-ment of construction of any project licensed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Commission’’) under part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.) has expired during the 3-year period ending on the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Commission may reinstate the li-cense for the applicable project effective as of the date of expiration of the license; and (2) the first extension authorized under section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) (as amended by subsection (b)) shall take effect on that expiration. S
EC. 306. Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior, after consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall— (1) survey the exterior boundaries of the tract of Federal land within the project boundary of the Swan Lake Hydroelectric Project (FERC No. 2911) as generally de-picted and labeled ‘‘Lost Creek’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Swan Lake Project Boundary—Lot 2’’ and dated February 1, 2016; and (2) issue a patent to the State of Alaska for the tract described in paragraph (1) in ac-cordance with— (A) the survey authorized under paragraph (1); (B) section 6(a) of the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85– 508); and (C) section 24 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 818). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.039 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4058 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 307. (a) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. (2) The term ‘‘Terror Lake Hydroelectric Project’’ means the project identified in sec-tion 1325 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3212), and which is the Commission project numbered 2743. (3) The term ‘‘Upper Hidden Basin Diver-sion Expansion’’ means the expansion of the Terror Lake Hydroelectric Project as gen-erally described in exhibit E to the Upper Hidden Basin Grant Application dated July 2, 2014, and submitted to the Alaska Energy Authority Renewable Energy Fund Round VIII by Kodiak Electric Association, Inc. (b) The licensee for the Terror Lake Hydro-electric Project may occupy not more than 20 acres of Federal land to construct, oper-ate, and maintain the Upper Hidden Basin Diversion Expansion without further author-ization of the Secretary of the Interior or under the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). (c) The Upper Hidden Basin Diversion Ex-pansion shall be subject to appropriate terms and conditions included in an amendment to a license issued by the Commission pursuant to the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.), including section 4(e) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 797(e)), following an environmental re-view by the Commission under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). S
EC. 308. (a) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. (2) The term ‘‘license’’ means the license for the Commission project numbered 11393. (3) The term ‘‘licensee’’ means the holder of the license. (b) On the request of the licensee, the Com-mission shall issue an order continuing the stay of the license. (c) On the request of the licensee, but not later than 10 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commission shall— (1) issue an order lifting the stay of the li-cense under subsection (b); and (2) make the effective date of the license the date on which the stay is lifted under paragraph (1). (d)(1) Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Commission project numbered 11393, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of, and the procedures of the Commission under, that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension origi-nally issued by the Commission. (2)(A) If the period required for the com-mencement of construction of the project de-scribed in paragraph (1) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission may reinstate the license effective as of the date of the expiration of the li-cense. (B) If the Commission reinstates the li-cense under subparagraph (A), the first ex-tension authorized under paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of that expiration. (e) Nothing in this section prioritizes, or creates any advantage or disadvantage to, Commission project numbered 11393 under Federal law, including the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.) or the Public Util-ity Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), as compared to— (1) any electric generating facility in exist-ence on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) any electric generating facility that may be examined, proposed, or developed during the period of any stay or extension of the license under this section. SEC. 309. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbers 12756, 12757, and 12758, the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) may, at the request of the li-censee for the applicable project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the proce-dures of the Commission under that section, extend the time period during which the li-censee is required to commence the con-struction of the applicable project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b) If the time period required for com-mencement of construction of a project de-scribed in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Commission may reinstate the li-cense for the applicable project effective as of the date of the expiration of the license; and (2) the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on that expi-ration. S
EC. 310. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12478–003, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of, and the procedures of the Commission under, that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b)(1) If the period required for the com-mencement of construction of the project de-scribed in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission may reinstate the license effective as of that date of expiration. (2) If the Commission reinstates the license under paragraph (1), the first extension au-thorized under subsection (a) shall take ef-fect on the date of that expiration. S
EC. 311. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 13287, the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of that section and the procedures of the Com-mission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of the project for up to 4 consecutive 2-year periods after the required date of the commencement of con-struction described in Article 301 of the li-cense. (b)(1) If the period required for the com-mencement of construction of the project de-scribed in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission may reinstate the license effective as of that date of expiration. (2) If the Commission reinstates the license under paragraph (1), the first extension au-thorized under subsection (a) shall take ef-fect on the date of that expiration. SEC. 312. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12642, the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of that section and the procedures of the Com-mission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b) If the period required for commence-ment of construction of the project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Commission may reinstate the li-cense effective as of the date of the expira-tion of the license; and (2) the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on that expi-ration date. S
EC. 313. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission projects numbered 12737 and 12740, the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) may, at the request of the li-censee for the applicable project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the proce-dures of the Commission under that section, extend the time period during which the li-censee is required to commence the con-struction of the applicable project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b) If the period required for commence-ment of construction of a project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Commission may reinstate the li-cense for the applicable project effective as of the date of the expiration of the license; and (2) the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on that expi-ration. S
EC. 314. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12715 (referred to in this section as the ‘‘project’’), the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of, and the procedures of the Commission under, that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year periods that begin on the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b)(1) If the period required for the com-mencement of construction of the project has expired before the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license effective as of the date of the expira-tion of the license. (2) If the Commission reinstates the license under paragraph (1), the first extension au-thorized under subsection (a) shall take ef-fect on the date of that expiration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.035 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4059 June 19, 2018 
SA 3004. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 101, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: 
SEC. 210. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (a) of section 4221 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the last sentence. (2) Paragraph (2) of section 6416(b) of such Code is amended by striking the last sen-tence. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking the item related to subchapter E. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Lieutenant General Aus-tin S. Miller, USA, to be general and Commander, Resolute Support Mission, North Atlantic Treaty Organization/ Commander, United States Forces-Af-ghanistan, Department of Defense. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ef-fective Administration of the 340B Drug Pricing Program’’. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Citizenship for Sale: Oversight of the EB–5 Investor Visa Program.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, June 19, 2018 during votes to conduct a hearing the nomination of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Changing the Trajectory of Alz-heimer’s Reducing Risk, Detecting Early Symptoms, and Improving Data. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CONSUMER PROTECTION , 
PRODUCT SAFETY , INSURANCE , AND DATA SE -
CURITY  
The Subcommittee on Consumer Pro-tection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Cambridge Analytica and other Facebook Partners: Examining Data Privacy Risk.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Molly Marsh, a fellow in Senator A
LEXANDER ’s office, and Megan Parrott, a fellow in my of-fice, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the consideration of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Develop-ment and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Olivia Harris, Ramsay Eyre, Madeleine Granda, Brendon McGovern, and Jack Plunkett be granted floor privileges for the length of the current debate on H.R. 5895, an act making appropriations for Energy and Water Development, the Legislative Branch, and Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs for fis-cal year 2019. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of the floor for the remainder of this Con-gress be granted to the following mem-bers of my staff: Andrew Wishnia, Zachary Pilchen, Christina Baysinger, and Skylar Bayer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 On Monday, June 18, 2018, the Senate passed H.R. 5515, as amended, as fol-lows: 
H.R. 5515 Resolved, That the bill from the House of Representatives (H.R. 5515) entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with the following amendment: Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this or any other Act to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into four divisions as follows: (1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-thorizations. (2) Division B—Military Construction Author-izations. (3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-tional Security Authorizations and Other Au-thorizations. (4) Division D—Funding Tables. (5) Division E—Additional Provisions. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army Programs Sec. 111. Deployment by the Army of an interim cruise missile defense capability. Subtitle C—Navy Programs Sec. 121. Multiyear procurement authority for F/A–18E/F Super Hornet and EA– 18G aircraft program. Sec. 122. Multiyear procurement authority for E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) aircraft program. Sec. 123. Extension of limitation on use of sole- source shipbuilding contracts for certain vessels. Sec. 124. Prohibition on availability of funds for Navy port waterborne security barriers. Sec. 125. Multiyear procurement authority for Standard Missile-6. Sec. 126. Limitation on availability of funds for the Littoral Combat Ship. Sec. 127. Nuclear refueling of aircraft carriers. Sec. 128. Limitation on funding for Amphibious Assault Vehicle Product Improve-ment Program. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Sec. 141. Prohibition on availability of funds for retirement of E–8 JSTARS air-craft. Sec. 142. B–52H aircraft system modernization report. Sec. 143. Repeal of funding restriction for EC– 130H Compass Call Recapitaliza-tion Program and review of pro-gram acceleration opportunities. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Sec. 151. Multiyear procurement authority for C–130J aircraft program. Sec. 152. Quarterly updates on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sec. 153. Authority to procure additional polar- class icebreakers. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.035 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4060 June 19, 2018 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 211. Codification and reauthorization of Defense Research and Develop-ment Rapid Innovation Program. Sec. 212. Procedures for rapid reaction to emerging technology. Sec. 213. Activities on identification and devel-opment of enhanced personal pro-tective equipment against blast in-jury. Sec. 214. Human factors modeling and simula-tion activities. Sec. 215. Expansion of mission areas supported by mechanisms for expedited ac-cess to technical talent and exper-tise at academic institutions. Sec. 216. Advanced manufacturing activities. Sec. 217. National security innovation activi-ties. Sec. 218. Partnership intermediaries for pro-motion of defense research and education. Sec. 219. Limitation on use of funds for Surface Navy Laser Weapon System. Sec. 220. Expansion of coordination require-ment for support for national se-curity innovation and entrepre-neurial education. Sec. 221. Limitation on funding for Amphibious Combat Vehicle 1.2. Sec. 222. Defense quantum information science and technology research and de-velopment program. Sec. 223. Joint directed energy test activities. Sec. 224. Requirement for establishment of ar-rangements for expedited access to technical talent and expertise at academic institutions to support Department of Defense missions. Sec. 225. Authority for Joint Directed Energy Transition Office to conduct re-search relating to high powered microwave capabilities. Sec. 226. Joint artificial intelligence research, development, and transition ac-tivities. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 231. Report on comparative capabilities of adversaries in key technology areas. Sec. 232. Report on active protection systems for armored combat and tactical vehi-cles. Sec. 233. Next Generation Combat Vehicle. Sec. 234. Report on the future of the defense re-search and engineering enterprise. Sec. 235. Modification of reports on mechanisms to provide funds to defense lab-oratories for research and devel-opment of technologies for mili-tary missions. Sec. 236. Report on Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift. Sec. 237. Improvement of the Air Force supply chain. Sec. 238. Review of guidance on blast exposure during training. Sec. 239. List of technologies and manufac-turing capabilities critical to Armed Forces. Sec. 240. Report on requiring access to digital technical data in future acquisi-tions of combat, combat service, and combat support systems. Sec. 241. Competitive acquisition strategy for Bradley Fighting Vehicle trans-mission replacement. Sec. 242. Independent assessment of electronic warfare plans and programs. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Sec. 311. Further improvements to energy secu-rity and resilience. Sec. 312. Funding of study and assessment of health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances con-tamination in drinking water by Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. Sec. 313. Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse. Sec. 314. Operational energy policy. Sec. 315. Funding treatment of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid at State- owned and operated National Guard installations. Subtitle C—Reports Sec. 321. Reports on readiness. Sec. 322. Report on cold weather capabilities and readiness of United States Armed Forces. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 331. Pilot programs on integration of mili-tary information support and civil affairs activities. Sec. 332. Reporting on future years budgeting by subactivity group. Sec. 333. Restriction on upgrades to aviation demonstration team aircraft. Sec. 334. U.S. Special Operations Command ci-vilian personnel. Sec. 335. Limitation on availability of funds for service-specific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems. Sec. 336. Repurposing and reuse of surplus Army firearms. Sec. 337. Limitation on availability of funds for establishment of additional spe-cialized undergraduate pilot training facility. Sec. 338. Scope of authority for restoration of land due to mishap. Sec. 339. Redesignation of the Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR). Subtitle E—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 351. Limitation on modifications to Navy Facilities Sustainment, Restora-tion, and Modernization (FSRM) structure and mechanism. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Sec. 402. End strengths for commissioned offi-cers on active duty in certain grades. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. Sec. 412. End strengths for Reserves on active 
duty in support of the reserves. Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status). Sec. 414. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 421. Military personnel. Sec. 422. Limitation on use of funds for per-sonnel in fiscal year 2019 in excess of statutorily specified end strengths for fiscal year 2018. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy PART I—O
FFICER PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  R
EFORM  Sec. 501. Repeal of codified specification of au-thorized strengths of certain com-missioned officers on active duty. Sec. 502. Annual defense manpower require-ments report matters. Sec. 503. Repeal of requirement for ability to complete 20 years of service by age 62 as qualification for original ap-pointment as a regular commis-sioned officer. Sec. 504. Enhancement of availability of con-structive service credit for private sector training or experience upon original appointment as a commis-sioned officer. Sec. 505. Standardized temporary promotion au-thority across the military depart-ments for officers in certain grades with critical skills. Sec. 506. Authority for promotion boards to rec-ommend officers of particular merit be placed higher on a pro-motion list. Sec. 507. Authority for officers to opt out of promotion board consideration. Sec. 508. Competitive category matters. Sec. 509. Promotion zone matters. Sec. 510. Alternative promotion authority for officers in designated competitive categories of officers. Sec. 511. Applicability to additional officer grades of authority for continu-ation on active duty of officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. PART II—OTHER MATTERS  Sec. 516. Matters relating to satisfactory service in grade for purposes of retire-ment grade of officers in highest grade of satisfactory service. Sec. 517. Reduction in number of years of active naval service required for perma-nent appointment as a limited duty officer. Sec. 518. Repeal of original appointment quali-fication requirement for warrant officers in the regular Army. Sec. 519. Uniform grade of service of the Chiefs of Chaplains of the Armed Forces. Sec. 520. Written justification for appointment of Chiefs of Chaplains in grade below grade of major general or rear admiral. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management Sec. 521. Authority to adjust effective date of promotion in the event of undue delay in extending Federal rec-ognition of promotion. Sec. 522. Authority to designate certain reserve officers as not to be considered for selection for promotion. Sec. 523. Expansion of personnel subject to au-thority of the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau in the exe-cution of functions and missions of the National Guard Bureau. Sec. 524. Repeal of prohibition on service on Army Reserve Forces Policy Com-mittee by members on active duty. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities Sec. 531. Assessment of Navy standard work-week and related adjustments. Sec. 532. Manning of Forward Deployed Naval Forces. Sec. 533. Navy watchstander records. Sec. 534. Qualification experience requirements for certain Navy watchstations. Sec. 535. Repeal of 15-year statute of limitations on motions or requests for review of discharge or dismissal from the Armed Forces. Sec. 536. Treatment of claims relating to mili-tary sexual trauma in correction of military records and review of discharge or dismissal pro-ceedings. Subtitle D—Military Justice Matters Sec. 541. Punitive article on domestic violence under the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice. Sec. 542. Inclusion of strangulation and suffo-cation in conduct constituting ag-gravated assault for purposes of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4061 June 19, 2018 
Sec. 543. Authorities of Defense Advisory Com-mittee on Investigation, Prosecu-tion, and Defense of Sexual As-sault in the Armed Forces. Sec. 544. Protective orders against individuals subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 545. Expansion of eligibility for Special Victims’ Counsel services. Sec. 546. Clarification of expiration of term of appellate military judges of the United States Court of Military Commission Review. Sec. 547. Expansion of policies on expedited transfer of members of the Armed Forces who are victims of sexual assault. Sec. 548. Uniform command action form on dis-position of unrestricted sexual as-sault cases involving members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 549. Inclusion of information on certain collateral conduct of victims of sexual assault in annual reports on sexual assault involving mem-bers of the Armed Forces. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, Transition, and Resilience Sec. 551. Consecutive service of service obliga-tion in connection with payment of tuition for off-duty training or education for commissioned offi-cers of the Armed Forces with any other service obligations. Sec. 552. Consecutive service of active service obligations for medical training with other service obligations for education or training. Sec. 553. Clarification of application and hon-orable service requirements under the Troops-to-Teachers Program to members of the Retired Reserve. Sec. 554. Prohibition on use of funds for attend-ance of enlisted personnel at sen-ior level and intermediate level of-ficer professional military edu-cation courses. Sec. 555. Repeal of program on encouragement of postseparation public and com-munity service. Sec. 556. Expansion of authority to assist mem-bers in obtaining professional cre-dentials. Sec. 557. Enhancement of authorities in connec-tion with Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs. Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters PART I—D
EFENSE DEPENDENTS ’ EDUCATION  M
ATTERS  Sec. 561. Continuation of authority to assist local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. Sec. 562. Impact aid for children with severe disabilities. Sec. 563. Department of Defense Education Ac-tivity policies and procedures on sexual harassment of students of Activity schools. PART II—M
ILITARY FAMILY READINESS  M
ATTERS  Sec. 566. Improvement of authority to conduct family support programs for im-mediate family members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. Sec. 567. Expansion of period of availability of Military OneSource program for retired and discharged members of the Armed Forces and their imme-diate families. Sec. 568. Expansion of authority for non-competitive appointments of mili-tary spouses by Federal agencies. Sec. 569. Improvement of My Career Advance-ment Account program for mili-tary spouses. Sec. 570. Access to military installations for cer-tain surviving spouses and other next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die while on active duty or certain reserve duty. Sec. 571. Department of Defense Military Fam-ily Readiness Council matters. Sec. 572. Multidisciplinary teams for military installations on child abuse and other domestic violence. Sec. 573. Provisional or interim clearances to provide childcare services at mili-tary childcare centers. Sec. 574. Pilot program on prevention of child abuse and training on safe childcare practices among military families. Sec. 575. Pilot program on participation of mili-tary spouses in Transition Assist-ance Program activities. Sec. 576. Small business activities of military spouses on military installations in the United States. Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards Sec. 581. Authorization for award of the Distin-guished Service Cross for Justin T. Gallegos for acts of valor during Operation Enduring Freedom. Sec. 582. Award of medals or other commenda-tions to handlers of military working dogs. Subtitle H—Other Matters Sec. 591. Authority to award damaged personal protective equipment to members separating from the Armed Forces and veterans as mementos of mili-tary service. Sec. 592. Standardization of frequency of acad-emy visits of the Air Force Acad-emy Board of Visitors with acad-emy visits of boards of other mili-tary service academies. Sec. 593. Redesignation of the Commandant of the United States Air Force Insti-tute of Technology as the Presi-dent of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology. Sec. 594. Limitation on justifications entered by military recruiters for enlistment or accession of individuals into the Armed Forces. Sec. 595. National Commission on Military, Na-tional, and Public Service matters. Sec. 596. Burial of unclaimed remains of in-mates at the United States Dis-ciplinary Barracks Cemetery, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Sec. 597. Space-available travel on Department of Defense aircraft for veterans with service-connected disabilities rated as total. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601. Fiscal year 2019 increase in military basic pay. Sec. 602. Repeal of authority for payment of personal money allowances to Navy officers serving in certain positions. Sec. 603. Department of Defense proposal for a pay table for members of the Armed Forces using steps in grade based on time in grade rather than time in service. Sec. 604. Financial support for lessors under the Military Housing Privatiza-tion Initiative during 2019. Sec. 605. Modification of authority of President to determine alternative pay ad-justment in annual basic pay of members of the uniformed serv-ices. Sec. 606. Eligibility of reserve component mem-bers for high-deployment allow-ance for lengthy or numerous de-ployments and frequent mobiliza-tions. Sec. 607. Eligibility of reserve component mem-bers for nonreduction in pay while serving in the uniformed services or National Guard. Sec. 608. Temporary adjustment in rate of basic allowance for housing following identification of significant underdetermination of civilian housing costs for housing areas. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain expiring bonus and special pay authorities. Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits Sec. 621. Technical corrections in calculation and publication of special sur-vivor indemnity allowance cost of living adjustments. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 631. Rates of per diem for long-term tem-porary duty assignments. Sec. 632. Prohibition on per diem allowance re-ductions based on the duration of temporary duty assignment or ci-vilian travel. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 701. Consolidation of cost-sharing require-ments under TRICARE Select and TRICARE Prime. Sec. 702. Administration of TRICARE dental plans through the Federal Em-ployees Dental Insurance Pro-gram. Sec. 703. Contraception coverage parity under the TRICARE program. Sec. 704. Pilot program on opioid management in the military health system. Sec. 705. Pilot program on treatment of members of the Armed Forces for post-trau-matic stress disorder related to military sexual trauma. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration Sec. 711. Improvement of administration of De-fense Health Agency and military medical treatment facilities. Sec. 712. Organizational framework of the mili-tary healthcare system to support medical requirements of the com-batant commands. Sec. 713. Streamlining of TRICARE Prime bene-ficiary referral process. Sec. 714. Sharing of information with State pre-scription drug monitoring pro-grams. Sec. 715. Improvement of reimbursement by De-partment of Defense of entities carrying out State vaccination programs in connection with vac-cines provided to covered bene-ficiaries under the TRICARE Pro-gram. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 721. Extension of authority for Joint De-
partment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facil-ity Demonstration Fund. Sec. 722. Increase in number of appointed mem-bers of the Henry M. Jackson Foundation for the Advancement of Military Medicine. Sec. 723. Cessation of requirement for mental health assessment of members after redeployment from a contin-gency operation upon discharge or release from the Armed Forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4062 June 19, 2018 
Sec. 724. Pilot program on earning by special operations forces medics of credits towards a physician assistant de-gree. Sec. 725. Pilot program on partnerships with ci-vilian organizations for special-ized medical training. Sec. 726. Registry of individuals exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances on military installations. Sec. 727. Inclusion of gambling disorder in health assessments for members of the Armed Forces and related re-search efforts. Sec. 728. Comptroller General review of Defense Health Agency oversight of TRICARE managed care support contractors. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management Sec. 801. Permanent Supply Chain Risk Man-agement Authority. Sec. 802. Commercially available market re-search. Sec. 803. Comptroller General assessment of ac-quisition programs and related initiatives. Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations Sec. 811. Department of Defense contracting dispute matters. Sec. 812. Continuation of technical data rights during challenges. Sec. 813. Increased micro-purchase threshold. Sec. 814. Modification of limitations on single source task or delivery order con-tracts. Sec. 815. Preliminary cost analysis requirement for exercise of multiyear contract authority. Sec. 816. Inclusion of best available information regarding past performance of subcontractors and joint venture partners. Sec. 817. Modification of criteria for waivers of requirement for certified cost and price data. Sec. 818. Subcontracting price and approved purchasing systems. Sec. 819. Comptroller General of the United States report on progress payment financing of Department of De-fense contracts. Sec. 820. Authorization to limit foreign access to technology through contracts. Sec. 821. Briefing requirement on services con-tracts. Sec. 822. Sense of Congress on awarding of con-tracts to responsible companies that primarily employ American workers and do not actively transfer American jobs to poten-tial adversaries. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs Sec. 831. Program cost, fielding, and perform-ance goals in planning major ac-quisition programs. Sec. 832. Implementation of recommendations of the Independent Study on Consid-eration of Sustainment in Weap-ons Systems Life Cycle. Sec. 833. Pilot program to accelerate major weapons system programs. Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Acquisition Workforce Sec. 841. Permanent authority for demonstra-tion projects relating to acquisi-tion personnel management poli-cies and procedures. Sec. 842. Establishment of integrated review team on defense acquisition in-dustry-government exchange. Sec. 843. Exchange program for acquisition workforce employees. Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items Sec. 851. Report on commercial item procure-ment reform. Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters Sec. 861. National technology and industrial base application process. Sec. 862. Report on defense electronics indus-trial base. Sec. 863. Support for defense manufacturing communities to support the de-fense industrial base. Subtitle G—Other Transactions Sec. 871. Change to notification requirement for other transactions. Sec. 872. Data and policy on the use of other transactions. Subtitle H—Development and Acquisition of Software Intensive and Digital Products and Services Sec. 881. Clarifications regarding proprietary and technical data. Sec. 882. Implementation of recommendations of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acquisition of Soft-ware for Defense Systems. Sec. 883. Implementation of pilot program to use agile or iterative development methods required under section 873 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Sec. 884. Enabling and other activities of the Cloud Executive Steering Group. Subtitle I—Other Matters Sec. 891. Prohibition on certain telecommuni-cations services or equipment. Sec. 892. Limitation on use of funds pending submittal of report on Army Mar-keting and Advertising Program. Sec. 893. Permanent SBIR and STTR authority for the Department of Defense. Sec. 894. Procurement of telecommunications supplies for experimental pur-poses. Sec. 895. Access by developmental and oper-ational testing activities to data regarding modeling and simula-tion activity. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters Sec. 901. Powers and duties of the Under Sec-
retary of Defense for Research and Engineering in connection with priority emerging tech-nologies. Sec. 902. Redesignation and modification of re-sponsibilities of Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. Sec. 903. Modification of responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. Sec. 904. Report on allocation of former respon-sibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics. Sec. 905. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, Assessments, Readiness, and Capabilities. Sec. 906. Clarification of responsibilities and duties of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 907. Specification of certain duties of the Defense Technical Information Center. Sec. 908. Limitation on termination of, and transfer of functions, responsibil-ities, and activities of, the Stra-tegic Capabilities Office. Sec. 909. Technical corrections to Department of Defense Test Resource Manage-ment Center authority. Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Ele-ments Sec. 921. Modification of certain responsibilities of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force concept development. Sec. 922. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Spe-cial Operations and Low-Inten-sity Conflict review of United States Special Operations Com-mand. Sec. 923. Qualifications for appointment as Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer of a military department. Sec. 924. Expansion of principal duties of As-sistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Ac-quisition. Sec. 925. Cross-functional teams in the Depart-ment of Defense. Sec. 926. Deadline for completion of full imple-mentation of requirements in con-nection with organization of the Department of Defense for man-agement of special operations forces and special operations. Subtitle C—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally Sec. 931. Limitation on availability of funds for major headquarters activities of the Department of Defense. Sec. 932. Responsibility for policy on civilian casualty matters. Sec. 933. Additional matters in connection with background and security inves-tigations for Department of De-fense personnel. Sec. 934. Program of expedited security clear-ances for mission-critical posi-tions. Sec. 935. Information sharing program for posi-tions of trust. Sec. 936. Report on clearance in person concept. Sec. 937. Strategic Defense Fellows Program. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 941. Analysis of Department of Defense business management and oper-ations datasets to promote savings and efficiencies. Sec. 942. Research and development to advance capabilities of the Department of Defense in data integration and advanced analytics in connection with personnel security. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. Sec. 1002. Inclusion of funds for Air Force pass- through items in Defense-wide budget for the Department of De-fense. Sec. 1003. Report on shift in requests for funds for Department of Defense activi-ties from funds for overseas con-tingency operations to funds through the base budget. Sec. 1004. Ranking of auditability of financial statements of the organizations and elements of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1005. Transparency of accounting firms used to support Department of Defense audit. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Sec. 1011. Date of listing of vessels as battle force ships in the Naval Vessel Register and other fleet inventory measures. Sec. 1012. Annual reports on examination of Navy vessels. Sec. 1013. Limitation on duration of home-porting of certain vessels in for-eign locations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4063 June 19, 2018 
Sec. 1014. Specific authorization requirement for nuclear refueling of aircraft carriers. Sec. 1015. Dismantlement and disposal of nu-clear-powered aircraft carriers. Sec. 1016. National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1017. Limitation on use of funds for retire-ment of hospital ships. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism Sec. 1021. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of in-dividuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. Sec. 1022. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify fa-cilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1023. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of in-dividuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to certain coun-tries. Sec. 1024. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to close or relinquish con-trol of United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1025. Authority to transfer individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States temporarily for emergency or critical medical treatment. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Sec. 1031. Strategic guidance documents within the Department of Defense. Sec. 1032. Guidance on the electronic warfare mission area and joint electro-magnetic spectrum operations. Sec. 1033. Limitation on use of funds for United States Special Operations Com-mand Global Messaging and Counter-Messaging platform. Sec. 1034. Sense of Congress on the basing of KC–46A aircraft outside the conti-nental United States. Sec. 1035. Relinquishment of legislative jurisdic-tion of criminal offenses com-mitted by juveniles on military in-stallations. Sec. 1036. Policy on response to juvenile-on-ju-venile abuse committed on mili-tary installations. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports Sec. 1041. Report on highest-priority roles and missions of the Department of De-fense and the Armed Forces. Sec. 1042. Annual reports by the Armed Forces on Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirements and Out- Year inventory numbers. Sec. 1043. Comprehensive review of operational and administrative chains-of-com-mand and functions of the De-partment of the Navy. Sec. 1044. Military aviation readiness review in support of the National Defense Strategy. Sec. 1045. Report on capabilities and capacities of Armored Brigade Combat Teams. Sec. 1046. Improvement of annual report on ci-vilian casualties in connection with United States military oper-ations. Sec. 1047. Report on Department of Defense participation in Export Adminis-tration Regulations license appli-cation review process. Sec. 1048. Automatic sunset for future statutory reporting requirements. Sec. 1049. Repeal of certain Department of De-fense reporting requirements that otherwise terminate as of Decem-ber 31, 2021. Sec. 1050. Report on potential improvements to certain military educational insti-tutions of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 1051. Recruiting costs of the Armed Forces. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1061. Authority to transfer funds for Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup. Sec. 1062. Improvement of database on emer-gency response capabilities. Sec. 1063. Acceptance and distribution by De-partment of Defense of assistance from certain nonprofit entities in support of missions of deployed United States personnel around the world. Sec. 1064. United States policy with respect to freedom of navigation and over-flight. Sec. 1065. Prohibition of funds for Chinese lan-guage instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Subtitle A—Department of Defense Matters Sec. 1101. Inapplicability of certification of ex-ecutive qualifications by quali-fication review boards of Office of Personnel Management for initial appointments to Senior Executive Service positions in Department of Defense. Sec. 1102. Direct hire authority for science and technology reinvention labora-tories and Major Range and Test Facilities Base facilities for recent science, technology, engineering, and mathematics graduates of mi-nority-serving institutions. Sec. 1103. Inclusion of Strategic Capabilities Of-fice and Defense Innovation Unit Experimental of the Department of Defense in personnel manage-ment authority to attract experts in science and engineering. Sec. 1104. Enhancement of flexible management authorities for Science and Tech-nology Reinvention Laboratories of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1105. Inclusion of Office of Secretary of Defense among components of the Department of Defense covered by direct hire authority for financial management experts. Sec. 1106. Authority to employ civilian faculty members at the Joint Special Op-erations University. Subtitle B—Government-Wide Matters Sec. 1121. Alcohol testing of civil service mari-ners of the Military Sealift Com-mand assigned to vessels. Sec. 1122. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates and post secondary stu-dents. Sec. 1123. Increase in maximum amount of vol-untary separation incentive pay authorized for civilian employees. Sec. 1124. One-year extension of temporary au-thority to grant allowances, bene-fits, and gratuities to civilian per-sonnel on official duty in a com-bat zone. Sec. 1125. One-year extension of authority to waive annual limitation on pre-mium pay and aggregate limita-tion on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Sec. 1201. Clarification of authority for use of advisors and trainers for training of personnel of foreign ministries with security missions under de-fense institution capacity building authorities. Sec. 1202. Modification to Department of De-fense State Partnership Program. Sec. 1203. Expansion of Regional Defense Com-bating Terrorism Fellowship Pro-gram to include irregular warfare. Sec. 1204. Extension and modification of au-thority to support border security operations of certain foreign countries. Sec. 1205. Legal and policy review of advise, as-
sist, and accompany missions. Sec. 1206. Technical corrections relating to de-fense security cooperation statu-tory reorganization. Sec. 1207. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Sec. 1211. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. Sec. 1212. Extension and modification of au-thority for reimbursement of cer-tain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. Sec. 1213. Extension of authority to transfer de-fense articles and provide defense services to the military and secu-rity forces of Afghanistan. Sec. 1214. Modification of reporting require-ments for special immigrant visas for Afghan allies program. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Sec. 1221. Extension of authority to provide as-sistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of au-thority to provide assistance to the vetted Syrian opposition. Sec. 1223. Extension and modification of au-thority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. Sec. 1224. Syria Study Group. Sec. 1225. Modification of annual report on military power of Iran. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Europe and the Russian Federation Sec. 1231. Extension of limitation on military cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federa-tion. Sec. 1232. Limitation on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Rus-sian Federation over Crimea. Sec. 1233. Extension of Ukraine Security Assist-ance Initiative. Sec. 1234. Sense of Senate on relocation of Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex. Sec. 1235. Sense of Senate on enhancing deter-rence against Russian aggression in Europe. Sec. 1236. Technical amendments related to NATO Support and Procurement Organization and related NATO agreements. Sec. 1237. Report on security cooperation be-tween the Russian Federation and Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela. Sec. 1238. Sense of Senate on countering Rus-sian malign influence. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo-Pacific Region Sec. 1241. Redesignation, expansion, and exten-sion of Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4064 June 19, 2018 
Sec. 1242. Modification of annual report on military and security develop-ments involving the People’s Re-public of China. Sec. 1243. Sense of Senate on Taiwan. Sec. 1244. Redesignation and modification of sense of Congress and initiative for the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. Sec. 1245. Prohibition on participation of the People’s Republic of China in Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercises. Sec. 1246. Assessment of and report on geo-political conditions in the Indo- Pacific region. Sec. 1247. Sense of Senate on United States- India defense relationship. Sec. 1248. Sense of Senate on strategic impor-tance of maintaining commitments under Compacts of Free Associa-tion. Sec. 1249. Sense of Senate on United States mili-tary forces on the Korean Penin-sula. Subtitle F—Reports Sec. 1251. Report on military and coercive ac-tivities of the People’s Republic of China in South China Sea. Sec. 1252. Report on terrorist use of human shields. Sec. 1253. Report on Arctic strategies. Sec. 1254. Report on permanent stationing of United States forces in the Repub-lic of Poland. Sec. 1254A. Ineffectiveness of section 937. Sec. 1254B. John S. McCain Strategic Defense Fellows Program. Sec. 1255. Reports on nuclear capabilities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Sec. 1256. Report on United States military training opportunities with allies and partners in the Indo-Pacific region. Subtitle G—Other Matters Sec. 1261. Modification of authorities relating to acquisition and cross-servicing agreements. Sec. 1262. Extension of authority for transfer of amounts for Global Engagement Center. Sec. 1263. Sense of Senate on purchase by Tur-key of S–400 air defense system. Sec. 1264. Department of Defense support for stabilization activities in national security interest of the United States. Sec. 1265. Enhancement of U.S.-Israel defense cooperation. Sec. 1266. Certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia in Yemen. Sec. 1267. Sense of Senate on support for G5 Sahel Joint Force countries. Sec. 1268. Sense of Congress on broadening and expanding strategic partnerships and allies. Sec. 1269. Removal of Turkey from the F–35 program. Sec. 1270. Increase in minimum amount of obli-gations from the Special Defense Acquisition Fund for precision guided munitions. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative Threat Reduction funds. Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. Chemical Agents and Munitions De-struction, Defense. Sec. 1403. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1404. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1405. Defense Health Program. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile Sec. 1411. Consolidation of reporting require-ments under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. Subtitle C—Armed Forces Retirement Home Sec. 1421. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1422. Expansion of eligibility for residence at the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1423. Oversight of health care provided to residents of the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home. Sec. 1424. Modification of authority on accept-ance of gifts for the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1425. Relief for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home impacted by increase in fees. Sec. 1426. Limitation on applicability of fee in-crease for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 1431. Authority for transfer of funds to joint Department of Defense-De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. Sec. 1432. Economical and efficient operation of working capital fund activities. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorizations of Appropriations Sec. 1501. Purpose. Sec. 1502. Overseas contingency operations. Sec. 1503. Procurement. Sec. 1504. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 1505. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1506. Military personnel. Sec. 1507. Working capital funds. Sec. 1508. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1509. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1510. Defense Health Program. Subtitle B—Financial Matters Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional authoriza-tions. Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 1531. Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Orga-nization. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities Sec. 1601. Modifications to Space Rapid Capa-bilities Office. Sec. 1602. Space warfighting policy and review of space capabilities. Sec. 1603. Report on enhancements to the Glob-al Positioning System Operational Control Segment. Sec. 1604. Streamline of commercial space launch operations. Sec. 1605. Reusable launch vehicles. Sec. 1606. Review of and report on activities of International Space Station. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-related Activities Sec. 1611. Framework on governance, mission management, resourcing, and ef-fective oversight of Department of Defense combat support agencies that are also elements of the intel-ligence community. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-related Matters PART I—C
YBERSPACE GENERALLY  Sec. 1621. Policy of the United States on cyber-space, cybersecurity, cyber war-fare, and cyber deterrence. Sec. 1622. Affirming the authority of the Sec-retary of Defense to conduct mili-tary activities and operations in cyberspace. Sec. 1623. Active defense and surveillance against Russian Federation at-tacks in cyberspace. Sec. 1624. Reorganization and consolidation of certain cyber provisions. Sec. 1625. Designation of official for matters re-lating to integrating cybersecurity and industrial control systems within the Department of De-fense. Sec. 1626. Assistance for small manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain on matters relating to cy-bersecurity. Sec. 1627. Modification of acquisition authority of the Commander of the United States Cyber Command. Sec. 1628. Email and Internet website security and authentication. Sec. 1629. Matters pertaining to the Sharkseer cybersecurity program. Sec. 1630. Pilot program on modeling and sim-ulation in support of military homeland defense operations in connection with cyber attacks on critical infrastructure. Sec. 1631. Security product integration frame-work. Sec. 1632. Report on enhancement of software security for critical systems. Sec. 1633. Comply to connect and cybersecurity scorecard. Sec. 1634. Cyberspace Solarium Commission. Sec. 1635. Program to establish cyber institutes at institutions of higher learning. Sec. 1636. Establishment of Cybersecurity for Defense Industrial Base Manu-facturing Activity. PART II—MITIGATION OF RISKSPOSED BY PRO-
VIDERS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY WITH O
BLIGATIONS TO FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS  Sec. 1637. Definitions. Sec. 1638. Identification of countries of concern regarding cybersecurity. Sec. 1639. Mitigation of risks to national secu-rity posed by providers of infor-mation technology products and services who have obligations to foreign governments. Sec. 1640. Establishment of registry of disclo-sures. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces Sec. 1641. Oversight and management of the command, control, and commu-nications system for the national leadership of the United States. Sec. 1642. Modification to requirement for con-ventional long-range standoff weapon. Sec. 1643. Exchange program for nuclear weap-ons program employees. Sec. 1644. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes. Sec. 1645. Plan to train officers in nuclear com-mand, control, and communica-tions. Sec. 1646. Plan for alignment of acquisition of warhead life extension programs and delivery vehicles for such warheads. Sec. 1647. Extension of annual report on plan for the nuclear weapons stockpile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons delivery systems, and nuclear weapons command and control system. Sec. 1648. Prohibition on use of funds for activi-ties to modify United States air-craft to implement Open Skies Treaty. Sec. 1649. Sense of Senate on Nuclear Posture Review. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4065 June 19, 2018 
Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs Sec. 1651. Extension of prohibition relating to missile defense information and systems. Sec. 1652. Multiyear procurement authority for Standard Missile–3 IB guided mis-siles. Sec. 1653. Extension of requirement for reports on unfunded priorities of Missile Defense Agency. Sec. 1654. Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system and Israeli cooperative missile defense program co-devel-opment and co-production. Sec. 1655. Metrics for evaluating effectiveness of integrated Ballistic Missile De-fense System against operation-ally realistic ballistic missile at-tacks. Sec. 1656. Modification of requirement relating to transition of ballistic missile defense programs to military de-partments. Sec. 1657. Sense of the Senate on acceleration of missile defense capabilities. Sec. 1658. Integrated air and missile defense for evolving theater missile threats. Sec. 1659. Acceleration of hypersonic missile de-fense program. Sec. 1660. Sense of the Senate on allied partner-ships for missile defense. Sec. 1660A. Sense of the Senate on results of tests carried out by Missile De-fense Agency. Sec. 1660B. Sense of the Senate on discrimina-tion for missile defense. Sec. 1660C. Development and deployment of persistent space-based sensor ar-chitecture. Sec. 1660D. Modification of requirement to de-velop a space-based ballistic mis-sile intercept layer. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1661. Assessment of electronic warfare ca-pabilities of Russia and China. Sec. 1662. Budget exhibit on support provided to entities outside Department of De-fense. Sec. 1663. Development of Electromagnetic Bat-tle Management capability for joint electromagnetic operations. TITLE XVII—COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES Sec. 1701. Short title. Sec. 1702. Sense of Congress. Sec. 1703. Definitions. Sec. 1704. Acceptance of written notices. Sec. 1705. Inclusion of partnership and side agreements in notice. Sec. 1706. Declarations for certain covered transactions. Sec. 1707. Stipulations regarding transactions. Sec. 1708. Authority for unilateral initiation of reviews. Sec. 1709. Timing for reviews and investiga-tions. Sec. 1710. Monitoring of non-notified and non- declared transactions. Sec. 1711. Submission of certifications to Con-gress. Sec. 1712. Analysis by Director of National In-telligence. Sec. 1713. Information sharing. Sec. 1714. Action by the President. Sec. 1715. Judicial review. Sec. 1716. Membership and staff of Committee. Sec. 1717. Actions by the Committee to address national security risks. Sec. 1718. Modification of annual report and other reporting requirements. Sec. 1719. Certification of notices and informa-tion. Sec. 1720. Implementation plans. Sec. 1721. Assessment of need for additional re-sources for Committee. Sec. 1722. Funding. Sec. 1723. Centralization of certain Committee functions. Sec. 1724. Conforming amendments. Sec. 1725. Requirements to identify and control the export of emerging and foundational technologies. Sec. 1726. Export control enforcement author-ity. Sec. 1727. Prohibition on modification of civil penalties under export control and sanctions laws. Sec. 1728. Under Secretary of Commerce for In-dustry and Security. Sec. 1729. Limitation on cancellation of des-ignation of Secretary of the Air Force as Department of Defense Executive Agent for a certain De-fense Production Act program. Sec. 1730. Review of and report on certain de-fense technologies critical to the United States maintaining supe-rior military capabilities. Sec. 1731. Briefing on information from trans-actions reviewed by Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States relating to foreign efforts to influence democratic institutions and processes. Sec. 1732. Effective date. Sec. 1733. Severability. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be specified by law. Sec. 2003. Effective date. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2104. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2105. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2016 project. TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family housing units. 
Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry out certain phased project author-ized in fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017. Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2017 project. Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2308. Additional authority to carry out cer-tain fiscal year 2019 projects. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2401. Authorized defense agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Energy Resilience and Conservation Investment Program. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, de-fense agencies. Sec. 2404. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2405. Authorization of certain fiscal year 2018 project. TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. Subtitle B—Host Country In-kind Contributions Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded construc-tion projects. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construc-tion and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, Na-tional Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project. Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2613. Additional authority to carry out cer-tain fiscal year 2019 project. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure ac-tivities funded through Depart-ment of Defense Base Closure Ac-count. Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting additional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Changes Sec. 2801. Additional authority to obtain archi-tectural and engineering services and construction design for de-fense laboratory modernization pilot program. Sec. 2802. Modification of contract authority for acquisition, construction, or furnishing of test facilities and equipment. Sec. 2803. Extension of temporary, limited au-thority to use operation and maintenance funds for construc-tion projects in certain areas out-side the United States. Sec. 2804. Unspecified minor military construc-tion projects related to revitaliza-tion and recapitalization of De-fense Industrial Base Facilities. Sec. 2805. Congressional oversight of projects carried out pursuant to laws other than Military Construction Authorization Acts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4066 June 19, 2018 
Subtitle B—Project Management and Oversight Reforms Sec. 2811. Updates and modifications to Depart-ment of Defense Form 1391, Uni-fied Facilities Criteria, and mili-tary installation master plans. Sec. 2812. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables for military con-struction projects. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Sec. 2821. Land exchange, Air Force Plant 44, Tucson, Arizona. Sec. 2822. Land conveyance, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 2831. Commemoration of Freedman’s Vil-lage. Sec. 2832. Strategic plan to improve capabilities of Department of Defense training ranges and installations. Sec. 2833. Native American Indian lands envi-ronmental mitigation program. Sec. 2834. Defense community infrastructure pilot program. Sec. 2835. Representation of installation inter-ests in negotiations and pro-ceedings with carriers and other public utilities. Sec. 2836. White Sands Missile Range land en-hancements. Sec. 2837. Authority to transfer funds for con-struction of Indian River Bridge. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2901. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2903. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2904. Authorized Defense Agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2905. Authorization of appropriations. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 3111. Clarification of roles and authorities of National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration. Sec. 3112. National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration Personnel System. Sec. 3113. Amendments to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954. Sec. 3114. Extension of enhanced procurement authority to manage supply chain risk. Sec. 3115. Pilot program on conduct by Depart-ment of Energy of background re-views for access by certain indi-viduals to national security lab-oratories. Sec. 3116. Extension of authority for acceptance of contributions for acceleration of removal or security of fissile materials, radiological materials, and related equipment at vulner-able sites worldwide. Sec. 3117. Modification of limitation on develop-ment of low-yield nuclear weap-ons. Sec. 3118. Prohibition on use of funds for termi-nating activities at MOX facility. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports Sec. 3121. Modifications to cost-benefit analyses for competition of management and operating contracts. Sec. 3122. Review of defense environmental cleanup activities. Sec. 3123. Survey of workforce of national secu-rity laboratories and nuclear weapons production facilities. Sec. 3124. Elimination of certain reports. Sec. 3125. Implementation of Nuclear Posture Review by National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 3201. Authorization. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION Sec. 3501. Maritime Administration. Sec. 3502. Permanent authority of Secretary of Transportation to issue vessel war risk insurance. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding tables. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 4101. Procurement. Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for over-seas contingency operations. TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL Sec. 4401. Military personnel. 
Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas con-tingency operations. TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 4601. Military construction. Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national secu-rity programs. DIVISION E—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS TITLE LI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 5101. Briefing on procurement plan for Ac-quired Position Navigation and Timing (APNT) solution. Sec. 5102. Sense of Congress on KC–46A aerial refueling tanker emergent require-ments. Sec. 5103. Additional element in the quarterly updates on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. TITLE LII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 5201. Joint artificial intelligence research, development, and transition ac-tivities. Sec. 5202. Scope of competitive acquisition strat-egy for the Bradley Fighting Ve-hicle transmission replacement. Sec. 5203. Pilot program to test machine-vision technologies to determine the au-thenticity and security of micro-electronic parts in weapon sys-tems. TITLE LIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 5301. Prioritization of environmental im-pacts for Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization demolition. Sec. 5302. Core sampling at Joint Base San An-tonio, Texas. Sec. 5303. Transportation to continental United States of retired military working dogs outside the continental United States that are suitable for adoption in the United States. Sec. 5304. Additional element in report on cold weather capabilities and readiness of the United States Armed Forces. Sec. 5305. Report on Air Force training range requirements to address fifth gen-eration threats. Sec. 5306. Annual report on differences in ship repair contract and final delivery costs. Sec. 5307. Report on Air Force airfield oper-ational requirements. TITLE LV—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Sec. 5501. Report on participation in the Tran-sition Assistance Program. Sec. 5502. Briefing on the status of the plan of the Army to transition to new in-secticide pretreatments on combat uniforms. TITLE LVIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-QUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RE-LATED MATTERS Sec. 5801. Instruction on pilot program regard-ing employment of persons with disabilities. Sec. 5802. Developing innovation and growing the Internet of Things. TITLE LIX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Sec. 5901. Clarification of certain risk assess-ment requirements of the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in connection with the National Military Strategy. TITLE LX—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 6001. Business case analysis of Ready Re-serve Force recapitalization op-tions. Sec. 6002. Transfer of excess naval vessel to Bahrain. Sec. 6003. Members of panel conducting review of military aviation readiness in support of the National Defense Strategy. Sec. 6004. Study on phasing out open burn pits. Sec. 6005. Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. Sec. 6006. Improving small business loan pro-grams for employee-owned busi-ness concerns. Sec. 6007. Comptroller General of the United States review of effect of other- than-honorable discharges on vet-eran employment outcomes. Sec. 6008. Comptroller General study on avail-ability of long-term care options for veterans from Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 6009. Sense of Congress relating to Soo Locks, Sault Sainte Marie, Michi-gan. TITLE LXI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Sec. 6101. Department of Defense Cyber Schol-arship Program scholarships and grants. Subtitle LXII—Matters Relating to Foreign Nations Sec. 6201. Coordination of efforts to negotiate free trade agreements with certain sub-Saharan African countries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4067 June 19, 2018 
Sec. 6202. Treatment of Rwandan Patriotic Front and Rwandan Patriotic Army under Immigration and Na-tionality Act. Sec. 6203. Syrian war crimes accountability. Sec. 6204. Clarification of limitation on the transfer of the F–35 to Turkey. Sec. 6205. Report on Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. Sec. 6206. Report on arms embargo on Cyprus. TITLE LXVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Sec. 6601. Technical corrections to certain cyberspace matters. Sec. 6602. Tier 1 exercise of support to civil au-thorities for a cyber incident. Sec. 6603. Report on strengthening NATO cyber defense. Sec. 6604. Briefing on cyber education and training. Sec. 6605. Report on development of long-range stand-off weapon. TITLE LXVII—COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES Sec. 6701. Ineffectiveness of section 1727. Sec. 6702. Prohibition on modification of civil penalties under export control and sanctions laws and prohibi-tion on certain telecommuni-cations equipment. TITLE LXXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUC-TION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 6801. Clarification to include National Guard installations in Readiness and Environmental Protection In-tegration program. Sec. 6802. Release of restrictions, University of California, San Diego. Sec. 6803. Plan to allow increased public access to the National Naval Aviation Museum and Barrancas National Cemetery, Naval Air Station Pen-sacola. TITLE LXXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 7101. Additional amounts for inertial con-finement fusion and high yield program. TITLE LXXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION Sec. 7501. Ineffectiveness of title XXXV. Sec. 7502. Authorization of the Maritime Ad-ministration. Sec. 7503. Concurrent jurisdiction. Sec. 7504. United States Merchant Marine Academy policy on sexual harass-ment, dating violence, domestic vi-olence, sexual assault, and stalk-ing. Sec. 7505. Report on implementation of rec-ommendations for the United States Merchant Marine Academy Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program. Sec. 7506. Report on the application of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice to the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy. Sec. 7507. Electronic records on mariner avail-ability to meet national security needs. Sec. 7508. Small shipyard grants. Sec. 7509. Domestic ship recycling facilities. Sec. 7510. Sea year on contracted vessels. Sec. 7511. GAO report on national maritime strategy. Sec. 7512. Department of Transportation In-spector General report on Title XI program. Sec. 7513. Multi-year contracts. Sec. 7514. Use of State Maritime Academy train-ing vessels. Sec. 7515. Permanent authority of Secretary of Transportation to issue vessel war risk insurance. Sec. 7516. Navigation system study and report. Sec. 7517. Miscellaneous. Sec. 7518. Superior National Forest Land Ex-change. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF THIS ACT. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the pur-poses of complying with the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010, shall be determined by ref-erence to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congres-sional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage in the House acting first on the con-ference report or amendment between the Houses. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4101. Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 111. DEPLOYMENT BY THE ARMY OF AN IN-TERIM CRUISE MISSILE DEFENSE CA-PABILITY. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION OF NEED.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall certify to the congressional defense committees whether de-ployment of an interim, fixed site cruise missile defense capability is necessary. (b) D
EPLOYMENT REQUIRED .—The Army shall deploy an interim, fixed site cruise missile de-fense capability, in anticipation of delivery to the Army of the Indirect Fire Protection Capa-bility (IFPC), by the deadlines as follows: (1) Two batteries by not later than September 30, 2020. (2) Two additional batteries by not later than September 30, 2023. (c) L
OCATIONS OF DEPLOYMENT .—In deploying the interim capability pursuant to subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall afford a pri-ority in locations for deployment to air bases and significant fixed site locations in Europe and Asia for the purpose of the protection of such bases and locations against potential cruise missile threats. (d) A
CHIEVEMENT OF DEPLOYMENT DEAD-
LINES .—In order to meet the deadlines for de-ployment specified in subsection (b), the Army— (1) shall deploy systems that require the least amount of development; and (2) may use a combination of— (A) procurement of non-developmental air and missile defense systems currently in production to ensure rapid delivery of capability; (B) use of existing systems, components, and capabilities already in the Joint Force inven-tory, including rockets and missiles as available; (C) operational information technology for communication, detection, and fire control that is certified to work with existing joint informa-tion technology systems to ensure interoper-ability; (D) engagement and collaboration with science and technology, engineering, testing, and acquisition organization and activities in the Department of Defense, including the De-fense Innovation United Experimental, the Di-rector of Operational Test and Evaluation, the Defense Digital Service, the Strategic Capabili-ties Office, and the Rapid Capabilities offices, to accelerate the development, testing, and deploy-ment of existing systems; and (E) institutional and operational basing to fa-cilitate rapid training and fielding. (e) FUNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 101 and available for the Army for procurement as specified in the funding table in section 4101, up to $500,000,000 may be available for the deploy-ment of the interim capability required by sub-section (b). Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 121. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR F/A–18E/F SUPER HORNET AND EA–18G AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of F/A–18E/F Super Hornet and potential EA–18G aircraft. Notwith-standing subsection (k) of such section 2306b, the Secretary of Defense may enter into a multiyear contract under this section for up to three years. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associ-ated with the F/A–18E/F Super Hornet and po-tential EA–18G aircraft, including economic order quantity, for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is pro-vided under subsection (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority provided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees the report and confirmation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEARCONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 122. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR E–2D ADVANCED HAWKEYE (AHE) AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) aircraft. Notwithstanding sub-section (k) of such section 2306b, the Secretary of Defense may enter into a multiyear contract under this section for up to five years. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the E–2D AHE (including economic order quantity) for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under sub-section (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority provided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees the report and confirmation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 123. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF SOLE-SOURCE SHIPBUILDING CON-TRACTS FOR CERTAIN VESSELS. 
Section 124 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), as amended by section 127 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4068 June 19, 2018 
Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘or fiscal year 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, fiscal year 2018, or fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 124. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR NAVY PORT WATER-BORNE SECURITY BARRIERS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided under subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 may be used for the procurement of new Navy port waterborne security barriers. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) not less than 30 days after submitting to the con-gressional defense committees— (1) a Navy requirements document that speci-fies Key Performance Parameters and Key Sys-tem Attributes for new Navy port waterborne se-curity barriers; (2) a certification that the level of capability specified under paragraph (1) will meet or ex-ceed that of legacy Navy port waterborne secu-rity barriers; (3) the acquisition strategy for the recapital-ization of legacy Navy port waterborne security barriers, which will meet or exceed the require-ments specified under paragraph (1); and (4) a certification that any contract award or awards for new Navy port waterborne security barriers will result from full and open competi-tion to the maximum extent practicable. 
SEC. 125. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR STANDARD MISSILE-6. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 625 Standard Missile-6 guided missiles. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the mis-siles (including economic order quantity) for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under sub-section (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority provided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees the report and confirmation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 126. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR THE LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2019 may be used to exceed the total procurement quantity listed in revision five of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy unless the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment submits to the congressional defense committees the certifi-cation described in subsection (b). (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-scribed in this subsection is a certification by the Under Secretary that awarding a contract for the procurement of a Littoral Combat Ship that exceeds the total procurement quantity list-ed in revision five of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy— (1) is in the national security interests of the United States; (2) will not result in exceeding the low-rate initial production quantity approved in the Lit-toral Combat Ship acquisition strategy in effect as of the date of the certification; and (3) is necessary to maintain a full and open competition for the Guided Missile Frigate (FFG(X)) with a single source award in fiscal year 2020. (c) DEFINITION .—The term ‘‘revision five of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy’’ means the fifth revision of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy approved by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment on March 26, 2018. 
SEC. 127. NUCLEAR REFUELING OF AIRCRAFT CARRIERS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION TOPROCURE NUCLEAR RE-
FUELING MATERIALS .—Pursuant to section 7314a of title 10, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 1014 of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy may procure naval nuclear reactor power units and associated reactor components for the fol-lowing aircraft carriers: (1) U.S.S. John C. Stennis (CVN–74). (2) U.S.S. Harry S. Truman (CVN–75). (3) U.S.S. Ronald Reagan (CVN–76). (4) U.S.S. George H.W. Bush (CVN–77). (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR PAYMENTS .— Any contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to availability of appropriations for that purpose for that later fiscal year. 
SEC. 128. LIMITATION ON FUNDING FOR AMPHIB-IOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Not more than 75 percent of the funds author-ized by this Act or otherwise made available for the Marine Corps for fiscal year 2019 for the Amphibious Assault Vehicle Product Improve-ment Program (AAV PIP) may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense commit-tees— (1) the report required under subsection (b) of section 1041; or (2) the information required under paragraph (5) of such subsection. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 141. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF E–8 JSTARS AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORRETIREMENT .—Except as provided by sub-section (d), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, or pre-pare to retire, any E–8 Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System aircraft. (b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON RETIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the prohibi-tion in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, or prepare to retire, any E–8C aircraft until the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment submits to the congressional defense committees the cer-tification described under paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIRED CERTIFICATION .—The certifi-cation referred to in paragraph (1) is a certifi-cation submitted by the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment to the congressional defense committees that the De-partment of Defense’s plan for 21st Century Battle Management Command and Control, as briefed to the congressional defense committees in March 2018, is progressing according to the schedule presented in March 2018. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions in sub-sections (a) and (b) shall not apply to individual E–8 Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar Sys-tem aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be non-operational because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
SEC. 142. B–52H AIRCRAFT SYSTEM MODERNIZA-TION REPORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the long term moderniza-tion of the B–52H aircraft, including an esti-mated timeline and requirements as an inte-grated aircraft system of— (1) electronic warfare and defensive systems; (2) communications including secure jam re-sistant capability; (3) radar replacement; (4) engine replacement; (5) future weapons and targeting capability; and (6) mission planning systems. SEC. 143. REPEAL OF FUNDING RESTRICTION FOR EC–130H COMPASS CALL RECAPITAL-IZATION PROGRAM AND REVIEW OF PROGRAM ACCELERATION OPPORTU-NITIES. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 131 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2037) is repealed. (b) P
ERIODIC REPORTS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 30, 2018, June 30, 2019, and December 30, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a series of up-dated program status reports for the EC–130H Compass Call Recapitalization Program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a program status update describing progress in meeting current and future acquisi-tion milestones; (B) a description of opportunities to accelerate the program in fiscal years 2020 and 2021; (C) a description of long-lead items or other block buy components that could reduce cost and lead to acceleration of the program; (D) funding requirements to carry out pro-gram acceleration in order to replace the legacy EC–130H fleet as rapidly as possible; and (E) a description of how the EC–130H Compass Call Recapitalization Program— (i) meets the requirements of combatant com-manders; and (ii) is more operationally effective and surviv-able than the existing EC–130H Compass Call aircraft platform. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 151. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR C–130J AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Air Force may enter into one or more multiyear con-tracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 pro-gram year, for the procurement of C–130J air-craft and, acting as the executive agent for the Department of the Navy, for the procurement of C–130J aircraft. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary of the Air Force may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associ-ated with the C–130J aircraft, including eco-nomic order quantity, for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a). (c) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEARCONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (d) T
REATMENT OF FISCAL YEAR 2018 A IR-
CRAFT .—The multiyear contract authority under subsection (a) includes C–130J aircraft for which funds were appropriated for fiscal year 2018. 
SEC. 152. QUARTERLY UPDATES ON THE F–35 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than October 1, 2018, and on a quarterly basis there-after through October 1, 2024, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall provide to the congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4069 June 19, 2018 
defense committees a briefing on the progress of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each briefing under sub-section (a) shall include, with respect to the F– 35 Joint Strike Fighter program, the following elements: (1) An overview of the program schedule. (2) A description of each contract awarded under the program, including a description of the type of contract and the status of the con-tract. (3) An assessment of the status of the program with respect to— (A) modernization; (B) modification; (C) testing; (D) delivery; (E) sustainment; and (F) program management. 
SEC. 153. AUTHORITY TO PROCURE ADDITIONAL POLAR-CLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
Section 122 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
ICE-
BREAKER VESSEL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AUTHORIZA -
TION TO PROCURE UP TO SIX POLAR -CLASS ICE -
BREAKERS ’’; (2) by striking subsections (a) and (b); (3) by inserting before subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TOPROCURE ICEBREAKERS .— The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, enter into a contract or contracts for the procurement of up to six polar-class icebreakers, including— ‘‘(1) polar-class heavy icebreakers; and ‘‘(2) polar-class medium icebreakers.’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (5) in paragraph (1) of subsection (b), as re-designated by paragraph (4) of this section, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)’’. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4201. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. CODIFICATION AND REAUTHORIZATION OF DEFENSE RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2359 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2359a. Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense shall establish a competitive, merit-based program to accelerate the fielding of technologies developed pursuant to phase II Small Business Innovation Research Program projects, technologies developed by the defense laboratories, and other innovative technologies (including dual use technologies). ‘‘(2) The purpose of this program is to stimu-late innovative technologies and reduce acquisi-tion or lifecycle costs, address technical risks, improve the timeliness and thoroughness of test and evaluation outcomes, and rapidly insert such products directly in support of primarily major defense acquisition programs, but also other defense acquisition programs that meet critical national security needs. ‘‘(b) G
UIDELINES .—The Secretary shall issue guidelines for the operation of the program. At a minimum such guidance shall provide for the following: ‘‘(1) The issuance of one or more broad agency announcements or the use of any other competi-tive or merit-based processes by the Department of Defense for candidate proposals in support of defense acquisition programs as described in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The review of candidate proposals by the Department of Defense and by each military de-partment and the merit-based selection of the most promising cost-effective proposals for fund-ing through contracts, cooperative agreements, and other transactions for the purposes of car-rying out the program. ‘‘(3) The total amount of funding provided to any project under the program from funding provided under subsection (d) shall not exceed $3,000,000, unless the Secretary, or the Sec-retary’s designee, approves a larger amount of funding for the project. ‘‘(4) No project shall receive more than a total of two years of funding under the program from funding provided under subsection (d), unless the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, ap-proves funding for any additional year. ‘‘(5) Mechanisms to facilitate transition of fol-low-on or current projects carried out under the program into defense acquisition programs, through the use of the authorities of section 2302e of this title or such other authorities as may be appropriate to conduct further testing, low rate production, or full rate production of technologies developed under the program. ‘‘(6) Projects are selected using merit-based se-lection procedures and the selection of projects is not subject to undue influence by Congress or other Federal agencies. ‘‘(c) TREATMENT PURSUANT TO CERTAIN CON-
GRESSIONAL RULES.—Nothing in this section shall be interpreted to require or enable any of-ficial of the Department of Defense to provide funding under this section to any earmark as defined pursuant to House Rule XXI, clause 9, or any congressionally directed spending item as defined pursuant to Senate Rule XLIV, para-graph 5. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the amounts authorized to be appropriated for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation for a fiscal year may be used for such fiscal year for the program established under subsection (a). ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary may transfer funds available for the program to the research, development, test, and evaluation accounts of a military department, defense agency, or the unified combatant command for special operations forces pursuant to a proposal, or any part of a proposal, that the Secretary de-termines would directly support the purposes of the program. ‘‘(2) The transfer authority provided in this subsection is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of De-fense.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2359 the following new item: ‘‘2359a. Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF OLD PROVISION .—Section 1073 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111– 383; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note) is hereby repealed. (2) R
EPEAL OF OLD TABLE OF CONTENTS  
ITEM.—The table of contents in section 2(b) of such Act is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 1073. 
SEC. 212. PROCEDURES FOR RAPID REACTION TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH PROCE-
DURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall prescribe procedures for the designation and development of technologies that are— (1) urgently needed— (A) to react to a technological development of an adversary of the United States; or (B) to respond to a significant and urgent emerging technology; and (2) not receiving appropriate research funding or attention from the Department of Defense. (b) ELEMENTS .—The procedures prescribed under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A process for streamlined communications between the Under Secretary, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the commanders of the combatant com-mands, the science and technology executives within each military department, and the science and technology community, including— (A) a process for the commanders of the com-batant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff to communicate their needs to the science and technology community; and (B) a process for the science and technology community to propose technologies that meet the needs communicated by the combatant com-mands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (2) Procedures for the development of tech-nologies proposed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), including— (A) a process for demonstrating performance of the proposed technologies on a short timeline; (B) a process for developing a development strategy for a technology, including integration into future budget years; and (C) a process for making investment deter-minations based on information obtained pursu-ant to subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
SEC. 213. ACTIVITIES ON IDENTIFICATION AND DEVELOPMENT OF ENHANCED PER-SONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT AGAINST BLAST INJURY. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the Secretary of the Army shall carry out a set of activities to identify and develop per-sonal equipment to provide enhanced protection against injuries caused by blasts in combat and training. (2) A
CTION WITH DOTE .—The Secretary shall undertake all actions required of the Secretary under this section jointly with the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation. (b) A
CTIVITIES .— (1) C
ONTINUOUS EVALUATION PROCESS .—For purposes of the activities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall establish a process to continuously solicit from government, industry, academia, and other appropriate entities per-sonal protective equipment that is ready for test-ing and evaluation in order to identify and evaluate equipment or clothing that is more ef-fective in protecting members of the Armed Forces from the harmful effects of blast injuries, including traumatic brain injuries, and would be suitable for expedited procurement and field-ing. (2) G
OALS.—The goals of the activities shall include: (A) Development of streamlined requirements for procurement of personal protective equip-ment. (B) Appropriate testing of personal protective equipment prior to procurement and fielding. (C) Development of expedited mechanisms for deployment of effective personal protective equipment. (D) Identification of areas of research in which increased investment has the potential to improve the quality of personal protective equip-ment and the capability of the industrial base to produce such equipment. (E) Such other goals as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (3) P
ARTNERSHIPS FOR CERTAIN ASSESS -
MENTS .—As part of the activities, the Secretary shall establish research partnerships with ap-propriate academic institutions for purposes of assessing the following: (A) The ability of various forms of personal protective equipment to protect against common blast injuries, including traumatic brain inju-ries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4070 June 19, 2018 
(B) The value of real-time data analytics to track the effectiveness of various forms of per-sonal protective equipment to protect against common blast injuries, including traumatic brain injuries. (C) The availability of commercial-off the- shelf personal protective technology to protect against traumatic brain injury resulting from blasts. (D) The extent to which the equipment deter-mined through the assessment to be most effec-tive to protect against common blast injuries is readily modifiable for different body types and to provide lightweight material options to en-hance maneuverability. (c) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out activities under subsection (a), the Secretary may use any authority as follows: (1) Experimental procurement authority under section 2373 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Other transactions authority under section 2371 and 2371b of title 10, United States Code. (3) Authority to award technology prizes under section 2374a of title 10, United States Code. (4) Authority under the Defense Acquisition Challenge Program under section 2359b of title 10, United States Code. (5) Any other authority on acquisition, tech-nology transfer, and personnel management that the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) C
ERTAIN TREATMENT OF ACTIVITIES .—Any activities under this section shall be deemed to have been through the use of competitive proce-dures for the purposes of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. (e) O
N-GOING ASSESSMENT FOLLOWING ACTIVI -
TIES.—After the completion of activities under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, on an on- going basis, do the following: (1) Evaluate the extent to which personal pro-tective equipment identified through the activi-ties would— (A) enhance survivability of personnel from blasts in combat and training; and (B) enhance prevention of brain damage, and reduction of any resultant chronic brain dys-function, from blasts in combat and training. (2) In the case of personal protective equip-ment so identified that would provide enhance-ments as described in paragraph (1), estimate the costs that would be incurred to procure such enhanced personal protective equipment, and develop a schedule for the procurement of such equipment. (3) Estimate the potential health care cost sav-ings that would occur from expanded use of per-sonal protective equipment described in para-graph (2). (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the activi-ties under subsection (a) as of the date of the re-port. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than December 1, 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the commit-tees of Congress referred to in paragraph (1) a report on the activities under this section, in-cluding the following: (A) The results of the evaluation under sub-section (e)(1). (B) The estimate of costs and schedules under subsection (e)(2). (g) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Defense by section 201, up to $10,000,000 may be available to carry out this section. 
SEC. 214. HUMAN FACTORS MODELING AND SIM-ULATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall develop and provide for the car-rying out of human factors modeling and sim-ulation activities designed to do the following: (1) Provide warfighters and civilians with per-sonalized assessment, education, and training tools. (2) Identify and implement effective ways to interface and team warfighters with machines. (3) Result in the use of intelligent, adaptive augmentation to enhance decision making. (4) Result in the development of techniques, technologies, and practices to mitigate critical stressors that impede warfighter and civilian protection, sustainment, and performance. (b) PURPOSE .—The overall purpose of the ac-tivities shall be to accelerate research and devel-opment that enhances capabilities for human performance, human-systems integration, and training for the warfighter. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS IN ACTIVITIES .—Participants in the activities may include the following: (1) Elements of the Department of Defense en-gaged in science and technology activities. (2) Program Executive Offices of the Depart-ment. (3) Academia. (4) The private sector. (5) Such other participants as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) E
XECUTION .—The Secretary shall carry out this section through the Army Futures Com-mand, the Army Research Institute, or such other component of the Department of the Army as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 215. EXPANSION OF MISSION AREAS SUP-PORTED BY MECHANISMS FOR EXPE-DITED ACCESS TO TECHNICAL TAL-ENT AND EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 217(e) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (23) as para-graph (27); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (22) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(23) Space. ‘‘(24) Infrastructure resilience. ‘‘(25) Photonics. ‘‘(26) Autonomy.’’. 
SEC. 216. ADVANCED MANUFACTURING ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall jointly, in coordination with Secretaries of the military departments, es-tablish not less than three activities to dem-onstrate advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities at depot-level activities or mili-tary arsenal facilities of the military depart-ments. (b) P
URPOSES .—The activities established pur-suant to subsection (a) shall— (1) support efforts to implement advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities; (2) identify improvements to sustainment methods for component parts and other logistics needs; (3) identify and implement appropriate infor-mation security protections to ensure security of advanced manufacturing; (4) aid in the procurement of advanced manu-facturing equipment and support services; and (5) enhance partnerships between the defense industrial base and Department of Defense lab-oratories, academic institutions, and industry. (c) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND PARTNER -
SHIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretaries may enter into a cooperative agreement and use pub-lic-private and public-public partnerships to fa-cilitate development of advanced manufacturing techniques in support of the defense industrial base. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A cooperative agreement entered into under paragraph (1) and a partner-ship used under such paragraph shall facili-tate— (A) development and implementation of ad-vanced manufacturing techniques and capabili-ties; (B) appropriate sharing of information in the adaptation of advanced manufacturing, includ-ing technical data rights; and (C) implementation of appropriate information security protections into advanced manufac-turing tools and techniques. (d) AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Under Secretaries may use the fol-lowing authorities: (1) Section 2196 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the Manufacturing Engineering Edu-cation Program. (2) Section 2368 of such title, relating to cen-ters for science, technology, and engineering partnership. (3) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achievements. (4) Section 2474 of such title, relating to cen-ters of industrial and technical excellence. (5) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (6) Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and develop-ment agreements. (7) Such other authorities as the Under Secre-taries considers appropriate. 
SEC. 217. NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION AC-TIVITIES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall es-tablish activities to develop interaction between the Department of Defense and the commercial technology industry and academia with regard to emerging hardware products and technologies with national security applications. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The activities required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Informing and encouraging private invest-ment in specific hardware technologies of inter-est to future defense technology needs with unique national security applications. (2) Funding research and technology develop-ment in critical hardware-based defense sectors, specifically microelectromechanical systems, processing components, micromachinery, and materials science that private industry has not supported sufficiently to meet rapidly emerging national security needs. (3) Developing and executing policies and ac-tions to deter strategic acquisition of industrial and technical capabilities in the private sector by foreign entities that could potentially exclude companies from participating in the Department of Defense technology and industrial base. (4) Identifying promising emerging technology in industry and academia for the Department of Defense for potential support or research and development cooperation. (c) T
RANSFER OF PERSONNEL AND RE-
SOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Under Secretary may transfer such personnel, resources, and authorities as the Under Sec-retary considers appropriate to carry out the ac-tivities established under subsection (a) from other elements of the Department. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary may only make a transfer of personnel, resources, or authorities under paragraph (1) upon certifi-cation by the Under Secretary that the activities established under paragraph (a) can attract suf-ficient private sector investment, has personnel with sufficient technical and management ex-pertise, and has identified relevant technologies and systems for potential investment in order to carry out the activities established under sub-section (a), independent of further government funding beyond this authorization. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF NONPROFIT ENTITY .— The Under Secretary may establish or fund a nonprofit entity to carry out the program activi-ties under subsection (a). (e) P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a detailed plan to carry out this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4071 June 19, 2018 
(A) A description of the additional authorities needed to carry out the activities set forth in subsection (b). (B) Plans for transfers under subsection (c), including plans for private fund-matching and investment mechanisms, oversight, treatment of rights relating to technical data developed, and relevant dates and goals of such transfers. (C) Plans for attracting the participation of the commercial technology industry and aca-demia and how those plans fit into the current Department of Defense research and engineer-ing enterprise. (f) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Under Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) Section 1711 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), relating to a pilot program on strength-ening manufacturing in the defense industrial base. (2) Section 1599g of title 10 of the United States Code, relating to public-private talent ex-changes. (3) Section 2368 of such title, relating to Cen-ters for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnerships. (4) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achievements. (5) Section 2474 of such title, relating to Cen-ters of Industrial and Technical Excellence. (6) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (7) Subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, relating to assignments to and from States. (8) Chapter 47 of such title, relating to per-sonnel research programs and demonstration projects. (9) Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and develop-ment agreements. (10) Such other authorities as the Under Sec-retary considers appropriate. (g) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Defense by section 201 and subject to the availability of appropriations, up to $150,000,000 may be available to carry out this section. 
SEC. 218. PARTNERSHIP INTERMEDIARIES FOR PROMOTION OF DEFENSE RESEARCH AND EDUCATION. 
Section 2368 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) U
SE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERMEDIARIES TO  P
ROMOTE DEFENSE RESEARCH AND EDUCATION .— (1) Subject to the approval of the Secretary or the head of the another department or agency of the Federal Government concerned, the Director of a Center may enter into a contract, memo-randum of understanding or other transition with a partnership intermediary that provides for the partnership intermediary to perform services for the Department of Defense that in-crease the likelihood of success in the conduct of cooperative or joint activities of the Center with industry or academic institutions. ‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘partnership intermediary’ means an agency of a State or local government, or a nonprofit entity owned in whole or in part by, chartered by, funded in whole or in part by, or operated in whole or in part by or on behalf of a State or local govern-ment, that assists, counsels, advises, evaluates, or otherwise cooperates with industry or aca-demic institutions that need or can make demon-strably productive use of technology-related as-sistance from a Center.’’. 
SEC. 219. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR SURFACE NAVY LASER WEAPON SYS-TEM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act may be used to exceed a pro-curement quantity of one Surface Navy Laser Weapon System, also known as the High Energy Laser and Integrated Optical-dazzler with Sur-veillance (HELIOS), per fiscal year, unless the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congres-sional defense committees a report on such sys-tem with the elements set forth in subsection (b). (b) ELEMENTS .—The elements set forth in this subsection are, with respect to the system de-scribed in subsection (a), the following: (1) A document setting forth the requirements for the system, including desired performance characteristics. (2) An acquisition plan that includes the fol-lowing: (A) A program schedule to accomplish design completion, technology maturation, risk reduc-tion, and other activities, including dates of key design reviews (such as Preliminary Design Re-view and Critical Design Review) and program initiation decision (such as Milestone B) if ap-plicable. (B) A contracting strategy, including requests for proposals, the extent to which contracts will be competitively awarded, option years, option quantities, option prices, and ceiling prices. (C) The fiscal years of procurement and deliv-ery for each engineering development model, prototype, or similar unit planned to be ac-quired. (D) A justification for the fiscal years of pro-curement and delivery for each engineering de-velopment model, prototype, or similar unit planned to be acquired. (3) A test plan and schedule sufficient to achieve operational effectiveness and oper-ational suitability determinations (such as Early Operational Capability and Initial Operational Capability) related to the requirements set forth in paragraph (1). (4) Associated funding and item quantities, disaggregated by fiscal year and appropriation, requested in the Fiscal Year 2019 Future Years Defense Program. (5) An estimate of the acquisition costs, in-cluding the total costs for procurement, re-search, development, test, and evaluation. 
SEC. 220. EXPANSION OF COORDINATION RE-QUIREMENT FOR SUPPORT FOR NA-TIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION AND ENTREPRENEURIAL EDUCATION. 
Section 225(e) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(16) The National Security Technology Ac-celerator.’’. 
SEC. 221. LIMITATION ON FUNDING FOR AMPHIB-IOUS COMBAT VEHICLE 1.2. 
None of the funds authorized by this Act or otherwise made available for the Marine Corps for fiscal year 2019 for the development of Am-phibious Combat Vehicle 1.2 may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense commit-tees— (1) the report required under subsection (b) of section 1041; or (2) the information required under paragraph (5) of such subsection. 
SEC. 222. DEFENSE QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense shall carry out a quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment program. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the program required by subsection (a) are as follows: (1) To ensure global superiority of the United States in quantum information science nec-essary for meeting national security require-ments. (2) To coordinate all quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment within the Department of Defense and to provide for interagency cooperation and col-laboration on quantum information science and technology research and development between the Department of Defense and other depart-ments and agencies of the United States and ap-propriate private sector entities that are in-volved in quantum information science and technology research and development. (3) To develop and manage a portfolio of fun-damental and applied quantum information science and technology and engineering re-search initiatives that is stable, consistent, and balanced across scientific disciplines. (4) To accelerate the transition and deploy-ment of technologies and concepts derived from quantum information science and technology re-search and development into the Armed Forces, and to establish policies, procedures, and stand-ards for measuring the success of such efforts. (5) To collect, synthesize, and disseminate critical information on quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment. (6) To establish and support appropriate re-search, innovation, and industrial base, includ-ing facilities and infrastructure, to support the needs of Department of Defense missions and systems related to quantum information science and technology. (c) ADMINISTRATION .—In carrying out the pro-gram required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall act through the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering, who shall supervise the planning, management, and co-ordination of the program. The Under Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments and the heads of par-ticipating Defense Agencies and other depart-ments and agencies of the United States, shall— (1) prescribe a set of long-term challenges and a set of specific technical goals for the program, including— (A) optimization of analysis of national secu-rity data sets; (B) design of new materials and molecular functions; (C) secure communications and cryptography; (D) quantum sensing and metrology; (E) development of mathematics to support de-fense missions related to quantum-based encryption techniques; and (F) processing and manufacturing of low-cost, robust, and reliable quantum information science and technology-enabled devices and sys-tems; (2) develop a coordinated and integrated re-search and investment plan for meeting the near-, mid-, and long-term challenges with de-finitive milestones while achieving the specific technical goals that builds upon the Depart-ment’s increased investment in quantum infor-mation science and technology research and de-velopment, commercial sector and global invest-ments, and other United States Government in-vestments in the quantum sciences; (3) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, develop and continu-ously update guidance, including classification and data management plans for defense-related quantum information science and technology activities, and policies for control of personnel participating on such activities to minimize the effects of loss of intellectual property in basic and applied quantum science and information considered sensitive to the leadership of the United States in the field of quantum com-puting; and (4) develop memoranda of agreement, joint funding agreements, and other cooperative ar-rangements necessary for meeting the long-term challenges and achieving the specific technical goals. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2020, the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the program, in both classified and unclassified for-mat. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4072 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 223. JOINT DIRECTED ENERGY TEST ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) T ESTACTIVITIES .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall de-velop, establish, and coordinate directed energy testing activities adequate to ensure the achieve-ment by the Department of Defense of goals of the Department for developing and deploying directed energy systems to match national secu-rity needs. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The activity established under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The High Energy Laser System Test Facil-ity of the Army Test and Evaluation Command. (2) Such other test resources and activities as the Under Secretary may designate for purposes of this section. (c) D
ESIGNATION .—The test activities estab-lished under subsection (a) shall be considered part of the Major Range and Test Facility Base (as defined in 196(i) of title 10, United States Code). (d) D
IRECTION AND CONTROL .—The conduct of testing activities under subsection (a) shall be subject to authority, direction, and control of the Under Secretary in the Under Secretary’s capacity as the official with principal responsi-bility for the development and demonstration of directed energy weapons for the Department pursuant to section 219(a)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2431 note). (e) P
RIORITIZATION OF EFFORT .—In devel- oping and coordinating testing activities pursu-ant to subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall prioritize efforts consistent with the following: (1) Paragraphs (2) through (5) of section 219(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2431 note). (2) Enabling the standardized collection and evaluation of testing data to establish testing references and benchmarks. (3) Concentrating sufficient personnel exper-tise of directed energy weapon systems in order to validate the effectiveness of new weapon sys-tems against a variety of targets. (4) Consolidating modern state-of-the-art test-ing infrastructure including telemetry, sensors, and optics to support advanced technology test-ing and evaluation. (5) Formulating a joint lethality or vulner-ability information repository that can be accessed by any of the military departments of Defense Agencies, similar to a Joint Munitions Effectiveness Manuals (JMEMs). (6) Reducing duplication of directed energy weapon testing. (7) Ensuring that an adequate workforce and adequate testing facilities are maintained to support missions of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 224. REQUIREMENT FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR EXPEDITED ACCESS TO TECHNICAL TALENT AND EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITU-TIONS TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of section 217 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. (b) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
SEC. 225. AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DIRECTED EN-ERGY TRANSITION OFFICE TO CON-DUCT RESEARCH RELATING TO HIGH POWERED MICROWAVE CAPABILI-TIES. 
Section 219(b)(3) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, including high-powered microwaves,’’ after ‘‘energy systems and technologies’’. 
SEC. 226. JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RE-SEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND TRAN-SITION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a set of activities within the De-partment of Defense to coordinate the efforts of the Department to develop, mature, and transi-tion artificial intelligence technologies into operational use. (2) E
MPHASIS .—The set of activities estab-lished under paragraph (1) shall apply artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions to operational problems and coordinate activities involving artificial intelligence and artificial in-telligence enabled capabilities within the De-partment. (b) D
ESIGNATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior of-ficial of the Department of Defense with prin-cipal responsibility for the coordination of ac-tivities relating to the development and dem-onstration of artificial intelligence and machine learning for the Department. (c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the official des-ignated under subsection (b) shall include the following: (1) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—Developing a detailed strategic plan to develop, mature, adopt, and transition artificial intelligence technologies into operational use. Such plan shall include the following: (A) A strategic roadmap for the identification and coordination of the development and field-ing of artificial intelligence technologies and key enabling capabilities. (B) The continuous evaluation and adapta-tion of relevant artificial intelligence capabili-ties developed both inside the Department and in other organizations for military missions. (2) A
CCELERATION OF DEVELOPMENT AND  
FIELDING OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE .—To the degree practicable, the designated official shall— (A) use the flexibility of regulations, per-sonnel, or other relevant policies of the Depart-ment to accelerate the development and fielding of artificial intelligence capabilities; (B) ensure engagement with defense and pri-vate industries, research universities, and unaf-filiated, nonprofit research institutions; (C) provide technical advice and support to entities in the Department of Defense and the military departments to optimize the use of arti-ficial intelligence and machine learning tech-nologies to meet Department missions; (D) support the development of requirements for artificial intelligence capabilities that ad-dress the highest priority capability gaps of the Department and technical feasibility; (E) develop and support capabilities for tech-nical analysis and assessment of threat capabili-ties based on artificial intelligence; (F) ensure that the Department has appro-priate workforce and capabilities at labora-tories, test ranges, and within the organic de-fense industrial base to support the artificial in-telligence capabilities and requirements of the Department; (G) develop classification guidance for all ar-tificial intelligence related activities of the De-partment; (H) work with appropriate officials to develop appropriate ethical, legal, and other policies for the Department governing the development and use of artificial intelligence enabled systems and technologies in operational situations; and (I) ensure— (i) that artificial intelligence programs of each military department and of the Defense Agen-cies are consistent with the priorities identified under this section; and (ii) appropriate coordination of artificial in-telligence activities of the Department with interagency, industry, and international efforts relating to artificial intelligence, including rel-evant participation in standards setting bodies. (d) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the official des-ignated under subsection (b) has access to such information on programs and activities of the military departments and other Defense Agen-cies as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out the coordination described in sub-section (b) and the duties set forth in subsection (c). (e) STUDY ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TOP-
ICS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the offi-cial designated under subsection (b) shall— (A) complete a study on the future of artificial intelligence in the context of the missions of the Department; and (B) submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the findings of the des-ignated official with respect to the study com-pleted under subparagraph (A). (2) C
ONSULTATION WITH EXPERTS .—In con- ducting the study required by paragraph (1)(A), the designated official shall consult with experts within the Department, other Federal agencies, academia, and the commercial sector, as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The study required by para-graph (1)(A) shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive and national-level re-view of advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning, and associated technologies relevant to the needs of the Department and the Armed Forces. (B) Near-term actionable recommendations to the Secretary, including ways to more effec-tively organize the Department for artificial in-telligence and most effectively leverage academic and commercial progress in these technologies. (C) Recommendations for engagement by the Department with relevant agencies that will be involved with artificial intelligence in the fu-ture. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 231. REPORT ON COMPARATIVE CAPABILI-TIES OF ADVERSARIES IN KEY TECH-NOLOGY AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a re-port that sets forth a direct comparison between the capabilities of the United States in emerging technology areas (such as hypersonics, artificial intelligence, quantum information science, and directed energy weapons) and the capabilities of adversaries of the United States in such areas. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include, for each technology covered by such report, the following: (1) An evaluation of spending by the United States and adversaries on such technology. (2) An evaluation of the quantity and quality of research on such technology. (3) An evaluation of the test infrastructure and workforce supporting such technology. (4) An assessment of the technological progress of the United States and adversaries on such technology. (5) Descriptions of timelines for operational deployment of such technology. (6) An assessment of the intent or willingness of adversaries to use such technology. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Director shall pre-pare the report in coordination with other ap-propriate officials of the intelligence community and with such other partners in the technology areas covered by the report as the Director con-siders appropriate. 
SEC. 232. REPORT ON ACTIVE PROTECTION SYS-TEMS FOR ARMORED COMBAT AND TACTICAL VEHICLES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on tech-nologies related to active protection systems (APS) for armored combat and tactical vehicles. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4073 June 19, 2018 
(1) With respect to the active protection sys-tems that the Army has recently tested on the M1A2 Abrams, the M2A3 Bradley, and the STRYKER, the following: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of such systems. (B) Plans of the Secretary to further test such systems. (C) Proposals for future development of such systems. (D) A timeline for fielding such systems. (2) Plans for how the Army will incorporate active protection systems into new armored com-bat and tactical vehicle designs, such as Mobile Protection Firepower (MPF), Armored Multi- Purpose Vehicle (AMPV), and Next Generation Combat Vehicle (NGCV). 
SEC. 233. NEXT GENERATION COMBAT VEHICLE. 
(a) P ROTOTYPE .—The Secretary of the Army shall take appropriate actions to ensure that the Tank Automotive, Research, Development, and Engineering Center (TARDEC) of the Army is provided the resources, including funds and ac-quisition authorities, necessary to build a proto-type for the Next Generation Combat Vehicle (NGCV). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the development of the Next Generation Combat Vehicle. (2) A
NALYSIS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include a thorough analysis of the requirements of the Next Generation Combat Vehicle. (B) R
ELEVANCE TO NATIONAL DEFENSE STRAT -
EGY.—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that the requirements are relevant to the most recently published National Defense Strategy. (C) T
HREATS AND TERRAIN .—The Secretary shall ensure that the analysis includes consider-ation of threats and terrain. (D) C
OMPONENT TECHNOLOGIES .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that the analysis includes consideration of the latest enabling component technologies that have the potential to dramati-cally change basic combat vehicle design and improve lethality, protection, mobility, range, and sustainment. (c) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, development, testing, and evaluation, Army, for the Next Gen-eration Combat Vehicle, not more than 50 per-cent may be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary submits the report required by subsection (b). 
SEC. 234. REPORT ON THE FUTURE OF THE DE-FENSE RESEARCH AND ENGINEER-ING ENTERPRISE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth rec-ommendations on the future of the defense re-search and engineering enterprise, including such recommendations for legislative or adminis-trative action as the Under Secretary considers appropriate in light of the anticipated future of the defense research and engineering enterprise. (b) F
OCUS.—The recommendations under sub-section (a) shall focus on enabling the success of the defense research and engineering enterprise in the current environment of strategic competi-tion. (c) D
EFENSE RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING EN-
TERPRISE .—For purposes of subsection (a), the defense research and engineering enterprise shall consist of the following: (1) The science and technology elements of the military departments. (2) The Department of Defense laboratories (3) The test ranges and facilities of the De-partment. (4) The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). (5) The Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (DIU(x)). (6) The Strategic Capabilities Office of the De-partment. (7) The Small Business Innovation Research Program of the Department. (8) Such other elements, offices, programs, and activities of the Department as the Under Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the this section. (d) PARTICULAR RECOMMENDATIONS .—The rec- ommendations under subsection (a) shall in-clude recommendations on the following: (1) Portfolio management and coordination of research and development activities across the military departments and the defense research and engineering enterprise, including manage-ment and activities across the enterprise. (2) Workforce management, recruitment, re-tention, and shaping. (3) Facilities and research and test infrastruc-ture. (4) Relationships with academia, the acquisi-tion community, the operational community, and the commercial sector. (5) Governance. (e) C
OMPARISONS .—For purposes of making recommendations under subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall conduct a comparison of the defense research and engineering enterprise of the United States, namely processes, test in-frastructure, and workforce, with the defense research and engineering enterprises of other countries and the private sector. (f) C
ONSULTATION AND COMMENTS .—In making recommendations under subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall consult with and seek comments from groups and entities relevant to the recommendations, such as the military de-partments, the combatant commands, the De-fense Innovation Board, the Defense Science Board, the Defense Business Board, the feder-ally funded research and development centers (FFRDCs), and commercial partners of the De-partment of Defense (including small business concerns). 
SEC. 235. MODIFICATION OF REPORTS ON MECHA-NISMS TO PROVIDE FUNDS TO DE-FENSE LABORATORIES FOR RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGIES FOR MILITARY MIS-SIONS. 
Subsection (c) of section 2363 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(c) R
ELEASE AND DISSEMINATION OF INFOR -
MATION ON CONTRIBUTIONS FROM USE OF AU-
THORITY TO MILITARY MISSIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish and maintain mechanisms for the continuous collection of information on achievements, best practices identified, lessons learned, and challenges arising in the exercise of the authority in this section. ‘‘(2) R
ELEASE OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish and maintain mechanisms as follows: ‘‘(A) Mechanisms for the release to the public of information on achievements and best prac-tices described in paragraph (1) in unclassified form. ‘‘(B) Mechanisms for dissemination to appro-priate civilian and military officials of informa-tion on achievements and best practices de-scribed in paragraph (1) in classified form.’’. 
SEC. 236. REPORT ON MOBILE PROTECTED FIRE-POWER AND FUTURE VERTICAL LIFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Army shall submit to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the requirements of the Army for Mobile Protected Firepower (MPF) and Future Vertical Lift (FVL). (b) CONTENTS .—The report submitted pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An explanation of how Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift could sur-vive against the effects of anti-armor and anti- aircraft networks established within anti-access, area-denial defenses. (2) An explanation of how Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift would im-prove offensive overmatch against a peer adver-sary. (3) Details regarding the total number of Mo-bile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift systems needed by the Army. (4) An explanation of how these systems will be logistically supported within light forma-tions. (5) Plans to integrate active protection systems into the designs of such systems. 
SEC. 237. IMPROVEMENT OF THE AIR FORCE SUP-PLY CHAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics may use funds described in subsection (b) as follows: (1) For nontraditional technologies and sustainment practices (such as additive manu-facturing, artificial intelligence, predictive maintenance, and other software-intensive and software-defined capabilities) to— (A) increase the availability of aircraft to the Air Force; and (B) decrease backlogs and lead times for the production of parts for such aircraft. (2) To advance the qualification, certification, and integration of additive manufacturing into the Air Force supply chain. (3) To otherwise identify and reduce supply chain risk for the Air Force. (4) To define workforce development require-ments and training for personnel who implement and support additive manufacturing for the Air Force at the warfighter, end-item designer and equipment operator, and acquisition officer lev-els. (b) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 for research, development, test, and evalua-tion for the Air Force and available for Tech Transition Program (Program Element (0604858F)), up to $42,800,000 may be available as described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 238. REVIEW OF GUIDANCE ON BLAST EXPO-SURE DURING TRAINING. 
(a) I NITIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall review the firing lim-its for heavy weapons during training exercises. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by sub-section (a) shall take into account current data and evidence on the cognitive effects of blast ex-posure and shall include consideration of the following: (1) The impact of exposure over multiple suc-cessive days of training. (2) The impact of multiple types of heavy weapons being fired in close succession. (3) The feasibility of cumulative annual or lifetime exposure limits. (4) The minimum safe distance for observers and instructors. (c) U
PDATED TRAINING GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the completion of the review under subsection (a), each Secretary of a military department shall update any rel-evant training guidance to account for the con-clusions of the review. (d) U
PDATED REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every two years after the initial review conducted under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall conduct an updated review under such subsection, including consideration of the matters set forth under subsection (b), and up-date training guidance under subsection (c). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4074 June 19, 2018 
(2) C ONSIDERATION OF NEW RESEARCH AND EVI -
DENCE .—Each updated review conducted under paragraph (1) shall take into account new re-search and evidence that has emerged since the previous review. (e) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall brief the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives on a summary of the results of the initial review under subsection (a), each updated re-view conducted under subsection (d), and any updates to training guidance and procedures re-sulting from any such review or updated review. 
SEC. 239. LIST OF TECHNOLOGIES AND MANUFAC-TURING CAPABILITIES CRITICAL TO ARMED FORCES. 
(a) L ISTREQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop a list of technologies and manu-facturing capabilities critical to the Armed Forces. (b) P
RIMARY EMPHASIS .—In developing such list, primary emphasis shall be given to— (1) research, development, design, and manu-facturing expertise; (2) research, development, design, and manu-facturing equipment and unique facilities; (3) goods and services associated with or en-abled by research, development, operation, ap-plication, manufacturing, or maintenance ex-pertise, which are not possessed by countries to which exports are controlled and which, if ex-ported or otherwise transferred, would permit a significant advance in the military capabilities of any such country; and (4) emerging technology areas supportive of military requirements and strategies. (c) S
PECIFICITY .—The shall ensure that the list required by subsection (a) is sufficiently spe-cific to guide the recommendations of the Sec-retary in any interagency determinations on ex-ercising export licensing, technology transfer, or foreign investment. (d) P
UBLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary shall publish the list required by subsection (a) and continuously update such list thereafter as the Secretary considers appro-priate. (2) F
ORM.—The list published under para-graph (1) shall be published in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 240. REPORT ON REQUIRING ACCESS TO DIG-ITAL TECHNICAL DATA IN FUTURE ACQUISITIONS OF COMBAT, COMBAT SERVICE, AND COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEMS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the feasibility and advis-ability of requiring access to digital technical data in all future acquisitions by the Depart-ment of Defense of combat, combat service, and combat support systems, including front-end ne-gotiations for such access. Such report shall in-clude a digital data standard for technical data for use by equipment manufacturers and the De-partment with regard to three-dimensional printed parts. 
SEC. 241. COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR BRADLEY FIGHTING VEHICLE TRANSMISSION REPLACEMENT. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall develop a strategy to competitively procure a new transmission for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle family of vehicles. (b) A
DDITIONAL STRATEGY REQUIREMENTS .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: (1) An analysis of the potential cost savings and performance improvements associated with developing or procuring a new transmission common to the Bradley Fighting Vehicle family of vehicles, including the Armored Multipurpose Vehicle and the Paladin Integrated Manage-ment artillery system. (2) A plan to use full and open competition to the maximum extent practicable. (c) TIMELINE .—Not later than February 15, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strat-egy developed under subsection (a). (d) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehi-cles, Army, may be obligated or expended to pro-cure a Bradley Fighting Vehicle replacement transmission until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Army submits to the congressional defense committees the plan required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 242. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF ELEC-TRONIC WARFARE PLANS AND PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) A GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with the private scientific advisory group known as ‘‘JASON’’ to perform the services covered by this section. (2) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into the agreement described in paragraph (1) not later than 120 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Under an agreement between the Secretary and JASON under this section, JASON shall— (1) assess the strategies, programs, order of battle, and doctrine of the United States related to the electronic warfare mission area and elec-tromagnetic spectrum operations; (2) assess the strategies, programs, order of battle, and doctrine of potential adversaries, such as China, Iran, and the Russian Federa-tion, related to the same; (3) develop recommendations for improvements to the strategies, programs, and doctrine of the United States in order to enable the United States to achieve and maintain superiority in the electromagnetic spectrum in future conflicts; and (4) develop recommendations for the Sec-retary, Congress, and such other Federal enti-ties as JASON considers appropriate, including recommendations for— (A) closing technical, policy, or resource gaps; (B) improving cooperation and appropriate in-tegration among Federal entities; (C) improving cooperation between the United States and other countries and international or-ganizations; and (D) such other important matters identified by JASON that are directly relevant to the strate-gies of the United States described in paragraph (3). (c) L
IAISONS .—The Secretary shall appoint ap-propriate liaisons to JASON to support the time-ly conduct of the services covered by this sec-tion. (d) M
ATERIALS .—The Secretary shall provide access to JASON to materials relevant to the services covered by this section, consistent with the protection of sources and methods and other critically sensitive information. (e) C
LEARANCES .—The Secretary shall ensure that appropriate members and staff of JASON have the necessary clearances, obtained in an expedited manner, to conduct the services cov-ered by this section. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on— (1) the findings of JASON with respect to the assessments carried out under subsection (b); and (2) the recommendations developed by JASON pursuant to such subsection. (g) A
LTERNATE CONTRACT SCIENTIFIC ORGANI -
ZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary is unable within the period prescribed in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) to enter into an agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1) of such subsection with JASON on terms acceptable to the Secretary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such agree-ment with another appropriate scientific organi-zation that— (A) is not part of the Government; and (B) has expertise and objectivity comparable to that of JASON. (2) TREATMENT .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement with another organization as de-scribed in paragraph (1), any reference in this section to JASON shall be treated as a reference to the other organization. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. FURTHER IMPROVEMENTS TO ENERGY SECURITY AND RESILIENCE. 
(a) E NERGY POLICY AUTHORITY .—Section 2911(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so re-designated, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) establish metrics and standards for the assessment of energy resilience; ‘‘(2) require the Secretary of a military depart-ment to perform mission assurance and readi-ness assessments of energy power systems for mission critical assets and supporting infra-structure, applying uniform mission standards established by the Secretary of Defense;’’. (b) R
EPORTING ON ENERGY SECURITY AND RE-
SILIENCE GOALS.—Section 2911(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense shall include the energy security and resilience goals of the Department of Defense in the installation en-ergy report submitted under section 2925(a) of this title for fiscal year 2018 and every fiscal year thereafter. In the development of energy security and resilience goals, the Department of Defense shall conform with the definitions of energy security and resilience under this title. The report shall include the amount of critical energy load, together with the level of avail-ability and reliability by fiscal year the Depart-ment of Defense deems necessary to achieve en-ergy security and resilience.’’. (c) R
EPORTING ON INSTALLATIONS ENERGY  M
ANAGEMENT , ENERGY RESILIENCE , ANDMISSION  A
SSURANCE .—Section 2925(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, including progress on en-ergy resilience at military installations accord-ing to metrics developed by the Secretary’’ after ‘‘under section 2911 of this title’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the mission requirements associated with disruption toler-ances based on risk to mission’’ and inserting ‘‘the downtimes (in minutes or hours) these mis-sions can afford based on their mission require-ments and risk tolerances’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(including critical energy loads in megawatts and the asso-ciated downtime tolerances for critical energy loads)’’ after ‘‘energy requirements and critical energy requirements’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (7); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) A list of energy resilience projects award-ed by the Department of Defense by military de-partment and military installation, whether ap-propriated or alternative financed for the re-porting fiscal year, including project descrip-tion, award date, the critical energy require-ments serviced (including critical energy loads 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4075 June 19, 2018 
in megawatts), expected reliability of the project (as indicated in the awarded contract), life cycle costs, savings to investment, fuel type, and the type of appropriation or alternative financing used. ‘‘(6) A list of energy resilience projects planned by the Department of Defense by mili-tary department and military installation, whether appropriated or alternative financed for the next two fiscal years, including project description, fuel type, expected award date, and the type of appropriation or alternative financ-ing expected for use.’’. (d) I
NCLUSION OF ENERGY SECURITY AND RE-
SILIENCE AS PRIORITIES IN CONTRACTS FOR EN-
ERGY OR FUEL FOR MILITARY INSTALLATIONS .— Section 2922a(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) The Secretary concerned shall ensure en-ergy security and resilience are prioritized and included in the provision and operation of en-ergy production facilities under this section.’’. (e) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY FOR UTILITY SYS-
TEMS.—Section 2688 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Secretary of a military department’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Defense, or the Secretary of a military de-partment designated by the Secretary,’’; (2) in subsection (d)(2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The business case analysis must also demonstrate how a privatized system will operate in a manner consistent with subsection (g)(3).’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary concerned may re-quire’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall require’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘consistent with energy resil-ience requirements and metrics’’ and inserting ‘‘consistent with energy resilience and cyberse-curity requirements and associated metrics’’. (f) M
ODIFICATION OF ENERGY RESILIENCE DEF-
INITION .—Section 101(e)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘task crit-ical assets and other’’. (g) A
UTHORITY TOACCEPT ENERGY PERFORM -
ANCE FINANCIAL INCENTIVES FROM STATE AND  L
OCAL GOVERNMENTS .—Section 2913(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘a State or local government’’ after ‘‘generally available from’’. (h) T
REATMENT OF ENERGY DEMAND RESPONSE  F
INANCIAL INCENTIVES .—Paragraph (2) of sec-tion 2919(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) credited to an appropriation designated by the Secretary of Defense, submitted in the annual President’s budget request, merged with the appropriation to which credited, and avail-able for energy security or energy resilience projects.’’. (i) U
SE OF ENERGY COSTSAVINGS TOIMPLE -
MENT ENERGY RESILIENCE AND ENERGY CON-
SERVATION CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS .—Section 2912(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including energy resil-ience and energy conservation construction projects,’’ after ‘‘energy security measures’’. (j) A
DDITIONAL BASIS FOR PRESERVATION OF  P
ROPERTY IN THE VICINITY OF MILITARY INSTAL -
LATIONS IN AGREEMENTS WITHNON-FEDERAL  E
NTITIES ON USE OF SUCHPROPERTY .—Section 2684a(a)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)(i)’’; and (2) by adding at the end of the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) maintains or improves military installa-tion resilience; or’’. SEC. 312. FUNDING OF STUDY AND ASSESSMENT OF HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUB-STANCES CONTAMINATION IN DRINKING WATER BY AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE REGISTRY. 
Paragraph (2) of section 316(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The study and as-sessment performed pursuant to this section may be paid for using funds authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense- Wide’. ‘‘(B) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—(i) Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018, not more than $10,000,000 shall be transferred by the Secretary of Defense, without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to pay for the study and assessment required by this sec-tion. ‘‘(ii) Without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may transfer not more than $10,000,000 a year during fiscal years 2019 and 2020 to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to pay for the study and assessment required by this sec-tion. ‘‘(C) E
XPENDITURE AUTHORITY .—Amounts transferred to the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall be used to carry out the study and assessment under this section through contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants. In addition, such funds may be trans-ferred by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to other accounts of the Department for the purposes of carrying out this section. ‘‘(D) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER TRANSFER AU -
THORITIES .—The transfer authority provided under this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 313. MILITARY MISSION SUSTAINMENT SITING CLEARINGHOUSE. 
(a) C HANGE IN NAME OF CLEARINGHOUSE .— Section 183a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ Mili- tary Aviation and Installation Assurance Clearinghouse for review of mission obstruc-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse for review of energy projects’’; and (2) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Military Aviation and Installation As-surance Siting Clearinghouse’’ and inserting ‘‘Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearing-house’’. (b) R
ESPONSIBLE OFFICIAL .—Subsection (a) of such section is further amended, in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘control of an Assistant Sec-retary of Defense designated by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘control of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment’’. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Clearinghouse shall coordinate De-partment of Defense consideration of and re-sponse to requests for reviews received from other Federal agencies, State governments, In-dian tribal governments, local governments, landowners, and developers of energy projects.’’. (d) R
EVIEW OF PROPOSED ACTIONS .—Sub- section (c) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding any potential negative impacts on pilot safety and training’’ after ‘‘military operations and readiness’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding any potential negative impacts on pilot safety and training,’’ after ‘‘risks to national se-curity’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and the relevant local military installation’’ after ‘‘no-tice to the governor of the State’’. (e) IDENTIFICATION OF ACTIONS TOMITIGATE  A
LLADVERSE IMPACTS .—Subsection (d)(2)(F) is amended by inserting ‘‘all’’ before ‘‘adverse im-pacts of projects filed’’. (f) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FINDING OF UN-
ACCEPTABLE RISK.—Subsection (e)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘, including un-acceptable risk to pilot safety and unacceptable loss of training days’’ after ‘‘risk to the national security of the United States’’. (g) D
EFINITION OF ADVERSE IMPACT ON MILI-
TARY OPERATIONS AND READINESS .—Subsection (h)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘pilot safety,’’ after ‘‘including flight oper-ations,’’. (h) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 7 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 183a and inserting the following: ‘‘183a. Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse for review of en-ergy projects.’’. 
SEC. 314. OPERATIONAL ENERGY POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2926 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), respec-tively; (2) by inserting before subsection (c), as redes-ignated by paragraph (1), the following new subsections: ‘‘(a) O
PERATIONAL ENERGY POLICY .—In car- rying out section 2911(a) of this title, the Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure the types, avail-ability, and use of operational energy promote the readiness of the armed forces for their mili-tary missions. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITIES .—The Secretary of Defense may— ‘‘(1) require the Secretary of a military depart-ment or the commander of a combatant com-mand to assess the energy supportability of sys-tems, capabilities, and plans; ‘‘(2) authorize the use of energy security, cost of backup power, and energy resilience as fac-tors in the cost-benefit analysis for procurement of operational equipment; and ‘‘(3) in selecting equipment that will use oper-ational energy, give favorable consideration to the acquisition of equipment that enhances en-ergy security, energy resilience, energy con-servation, and reduces logistical vulnerabilities.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), as redesignated by sub-paragraph (A)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
LTERNATIVE FUELACTIVITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘F
UNCTIONS OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF  D
EFENSE FOR ENERGY , INSTALLATIONS , ANDEN-
VIRONMENT ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘heads of the military depart-ments and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering’’ and inserting ‘‘heads of the appropriate Department of De-fense components’’; (C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘lead the al-ternative fuels activities’’ and inserting ‘‘oversee the operational energy activities’’; (D) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘regarding the development of alternative fuels by the mili-tary departments and the Office of the Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘regarding the poli-cies and investments that affect the use of oper-ational energy across the Department of De-fense’’; (E) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘prescribe policy to streamline the investments in alter-native fuel activities across the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4076 June 19, 2018 
Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘recommend to the Sec-retary policy to improve warfighting capability through energy security and energy resilience’’; and (F) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)(4)’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 2925(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2926(b)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2926(d)’’. (2) Section 1061(c)(55) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2926(c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2926(e)(4)’’. 
SEC. 315. FUNDING TREATMENT OF PERFLUOROOCTANE SULFONIC ACID AND PERFLUOROOCTANOIC ACID AT STATE-OWNED AND OPERATED NA-TIONAL GUARD INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary concerned may provide for the treatment of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in drinking water from wells owned and operated by a local water au-thority undertaken to attain the lifetime health advisory level for such acids in drinking water. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ASSISTANCE .—The Sec- retary concerned may only provide for the treat-ment of drinking water pursuant to subsection (a) if— (1) the local water authority has requested such treatment from the Secretary during the fiscal year when the treatment is provided; (2) the elevated levels of perfluorooctane sul-fonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in the drinking water are the result of activities con-ducted by or paid for by the Department of the Army or the Department of the Air Force at a State-owned National Guard installation; (3) such treatment takes place only during the fiscal year in which the request was made; (4) the local water authority waives all claims against the United States and the National Guard for treatment expenses incurred before the fiscal year during which the treatment is taking place; and (5) the cost of any treatment provided pursu-ant to subsection (a) does not exceed the actual cost of the treatment attributable to the activi-ties conducted by or paid for by the Department of the Army or the Department of the Air Force, as the case may be. (c) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—Treatment of drinking water pursuant to subsection (a) may be provided without regard to existing contrac-tual provisions in agreements between the De-partment of the Army, the Department of the Air Force, or the National Guard Bureau, as the case may be, and the State in which the base is located relating to environmental response ac-tions or indemnification. (d) A
UTHORITY TOENTER INTO AGREE-
MENTS .—The Secretary concerned may enter into such grants, cooperative agreements, or contracts with a local water authority as may be necessary to implement this section. (e) U
SE OF DSMOA.—Using up to $45,000,000 of the funds authorized to be appropriated by section 301 for operation and maintenance, the Secretary concerned may pay, utilizing an exist-ing Defense-State Memorandum of Agreement, costs that would otherwise be eligible for pay-ment under that agreement. (f) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The author-ity under this section shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2021. (g) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1), (3), (4) of subsection (b), the Secretary concerned may reimburse a local water authority or a State for the treatment of drinking water pursuant to this section if— (1) the local water authority or state requested such a payment from the National Guard Bu-reau prior to March 1, 2018, or the National Guard Bureau was aware of a treatment plan by the local water authority or state prior to that date; and (2) the local water authority or the State, as the case may be, waives all claims against the United States and the National Guard for treat-ment expenses incurred before January 1, 2018. (h) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR RESPONSE ACTIONS .— Section 2701(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or pollutants or con-taminants’’ after ‘‘releases of hazardous sub-stances’’. (2) D
EFINITION OF FACILITY .—Section 2700(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The terms ‘environment’, ‘fa-cility’,’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) The terms ‘environ-ment’,’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) The term ‘facility’— ‘‘(i) has the meaning given the term in section 101 of CERCLA (42 U.S.C. 9601); and ‘‘(ii) includes real property which is owned by, leased, to, or otherwise possessed by the United States at locations conducting military activities under the authority of either this title or title 32.’’. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) L
IFETIME HEALTH ADVISORY .—The term ‘‘lifetime health advisory’’ means the United States Environmental Protection Agency Life-time Health Advisory for the presence of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in drinking water. (2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means the Secretary of the Army or the Secretary of the Air Force. (3) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands. (4) S
TATE-OWNED NATIONAL GUARD INSTALLA -
TION.—The term ‘‘State-owned National Guard installation’’ means a facility or site owned or operated by a State when such facility or site is used for training the National Guard pursuant to chapter 5 of title 32, United States Code, with funds provided by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department, even though the Department of Defense is not the owner or operator of such facility or site. Subtitle C—Reports 
SEC. 321. REPORTS ON READINESS. 
(a) U NIFORM APPLICABILITY OF READINESS RE-
PORTING SYSTEM .—Subsection (b) of section 117 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and maintaining’’ after ‘‘es-tablishing’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘reporting system is applied uniformly throughout the De-partment of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘reporting system and associated policies are applied uni-formly throughout the Department of Defense, including between and among the joint staff and each of the armed forces’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) that is the single authoritative readiness reporting system for the Department, and that there shall be no military service specific sys-tems; ‘‘(3) that readiness assessments are accom-plished at an organizational level at, or below, the level at which forces are employed; ‘‘(4) that the reporting system include re-sources information, force posture, and mission centric capability assessments, as well as pre-dicted changes to these attributes;’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), as redesignated by para-graph (3) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘, or element of a unit,’’ after ‘‘readiness status of a unit’’. (b) C
APABILITIES OF READINESS REPORTING  S
YSTEM .—Such section is further amended in subsection (c)— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on a monthly basis, the capability of units’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure the readiness of units’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘conduct their assigned war-time missions’’ and inserting ‘‘conduct their de-signed and assigned missions’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘wartime missions’’ and insert-ing ‘‘designed and assigned missions’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘wartime missions’’ and insert-ing ‘‘designed and assigned missions’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Measure, on a monthly basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; (6) by striking paragraphs (6) and (8) and re-designating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6); and (7) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Measure, on a quarterly basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’. (c) SEMI-ANNUAL AND MONTHLY JOINT READI-
NESS REVIEWS .—Such section is further amended in subsection (d)(1)(A) by inserting ‘‘, which in-cludes a validation of readiness data currency and accuracy’’ after ‘‘joint readiness review’’. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON CHANGE IN CUR-
RENT STATE OF UNITREADINESS .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘S
UBMISSION  
TOCONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES ’’ and inserting ‘‘Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON JOINT READINESS ’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (h); and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON MONTHLY  C
HANGES IN CURRENT STATE OF READINESS OF  U
NITS.—The Secretary shall each quarter submit to the congressional defense committees a report on each monthly upgrade or downgrade of the current state of readiness of a unit that was issued by the commander of a unit during the previous quarter, together with the rationale of the commander for the issuance of such upgrade or downgrade.’’. (e) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS ON OPER-
ATIONAL CONTRACT SUPPORT .—Such section is further amended by inserting after subsection (f), as added by subsection (d) of this section, the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT ON OPERATIONAL CON-
TRACT SUPPORT .—The Secretary shall each year submit to the congressional defense committees a report in writing containing the results of the most recent annual measurement of the capa-bility of operational contract support to support current and anticipated wartime missions of the armed forces. Each such report shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. (f) R
EGULATIONS .—Such section is further amended in subsection (h), as redesignated by subsection (d) of this section, by striking ‘‘pre-scribe the units that are subject to reporting in the readiness reporting system, what type of equipment is subject to such reporting’’ and in-serting ‘‘prescribe the established information technology system for Department of Defense re-porting, specifically authorize exceptions to a single-system architecture, and identify the or-ganizations, units, and entities that are subject to reporting in the readiness reporting system, what organization resources are subject to such reporting’’. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—Such section is further amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘ : establishment; reporting to congressional committees’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 2 is amended by striking the item relating to section 117 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘117. Readiness reporting system.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4077 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 322. REPORT ON COLD WEATHER CAPABILI-TIES AND READINESS OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the cur-rent cold weather capabilities and readiness of the United States Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of current cold weather ca-pabilities and training to support United States military operations in cold climates across the joint force. (2) A description of anticipated requirements for United States military operations in cold and extreme cold weather in the Arctic, Northeast Asia, and Northern and Eastern Europe. (3) A description of the current cold weather readiness of the joint force, the ability to in-crease cold weather training across the joint force, and any equipment, infrastructure, per-sonnel, or resource limitations or gaps that may exist. (4) An analysis of potential opportunities to expand cold weather training for the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps and the resources or infrastructure required for such expansion. (5) An analysis of potential cold weather am-phibious landing locations, including the poten-tial for a combined arms live fire exercise. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 331. PILOT PROGRAMS ON INTEGRATION OF MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT AND CIVIL AFFAIRS ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAMS AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The commander of any geo-graphic combatant command designated by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section, and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command if so designated, may carry out one or more pilot programs designed to assess the feasability and advisability of inte-grating military information support and civil affairs in support of the theater campaign plans of such combatant command. (2) C
ONCURRENCE OF CHIEFS OF MISSION .—Ac- tivities under a pilot program under this section may be carried out in a country only with the concurrence of the Chief of Mission for that country. (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BOTHMILITARY INFOR -
MATION SUPPORT AND CIVILAFFAIRS CAPABILI -
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (3), each pilot program under this section shall include both a military infor-mation support capability and a civil affairs ca-pability. (2) N
O MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT CAPA -
BILITY .—A pilot program may be carried out in a region or country in which no military infor-mation support capability is deployed if the pro-gram is complemented by a Department of State public diplomacy effort that contributes to the fulfillment of the objectives of the commander of the combatant command concerned to convey information to foreign audiences in the region or county to influence their emotions, motives, objective reasoning, and behavior in support of the applicable theater campaign plan. (3) N
O CIVIL AFFAIRS CAPABILITY .—A pilot program may be carried out in a region or coun-try in which no civil affairs capability is de-ployed if the program is complemented by an ef-fort of the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Development to contribute to the fulfillment of the objectives of the commander of the combatant command con-cerned to reestablish or maintain stability with-in the region or country in support of the appli-cable theater campaign plan. (4) P
LAN.—In the event a pilot program will be carried out pursuant to paragraph (2) or (3), planning for the pilot program shall include an explanation of concept, budget, timeline, and metrics for measuring the effectiveness of activi-ties of the Department of State or United States Agency for International Development, as appli-cable, under the pilot program. (c) DURATION .—The authority to carry out pilot programs under this section shall cease on September 30, 2023. (d) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the last day of each of fiscal year 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the pilot programs carried out under this section during the preceding fiscal year. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this sub-section shall include, for the fiscal year covered by such report, the following: (A) A list of all pilot programs carried out, set forth by combatant command. (B) A list of all pilot programs commenced, set forth by combatant command. (C) The amount of funds provided for each pilot program carried out. (D) The objectives of each pilot program car-ried out, and the metrics used or to be used to measure the effectiveness of such pilot program. (E) A description of the manner in which each pilot program carried out supports the applica-ble theater campaign plan of the commanders of the combatant command concerned. (F) If a pilot program was concluded, an as-sessment of the value of the program, a descrip-tion and assessment of lessons learned through the program, and any recommendations the Sec-retary considers appropriate for follow-on ef-forts in connection with the program. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance and available for the combatant commands, an aggregate of $20,000,000 may be used in each such fiscal year by each such combatant command for pilot pro-grams under this section. (2) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT FOR PARTICULAR  
PROGRAMS .—The amount expended on any par-ticular pilot program may not exceed $2,000,000. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
IVIL AFFAIRS .—The term ‘‘civil affairs’’ means activities intended to establish, maintain, influence, or exploit relations between military forces, indigenous populations, and institutions by directly supporting the attainment of objec-tives relating to the reestablishment or mainte-nance of stability within a region or country. (2) M
ILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT .—The term ‘‘military information support’’ means op-erations to convey selected information and in-dicators to foreign audiences to influence their emotions, motives, objective reasoning, and ulti-mately the behavior of foreign governments, or-ganizations, groups, and individuals in a man-ner favorable to the objectives of those planning such operations. (3) T
HEATER CAMPAIGN PLAN .—The term ‘‘the-ater campaign plan’’ means a plan developed by a combatant command for the steady-state ac-tivities of the command, including operations, security cooperation, and other activities de-signed to achieve strategic end states in the the-ater. 
SEC. 332. REPORTING ON FUTURE YEARS BUDG-ETING BY SUBACTIVITY GROUP. 
Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments shall include in the OP-5 Jus-tification Books as detailed by Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R the amount for each individual sub-activity group (SAG) as detailed in the Depart-ment’s future years defense program pursuant to section 221 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 333. RESTRICTION ON UPGRADES TO AVIA-TION DEMONSTRATION TEAM AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may not upgrade the type, model, or series of aircraft used by a military service for its fixed wing aviation demonstration teams, including Blue Angel and Thunderbird aircraft, until the serv-ice’s active and reserve duty squadrons and weapon training schools have replaced 100 per-cent of the existing type, model, and series of aircraft. (b) WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of De-fense may, upon written notice to the congres-sional defense committees, waive the prohibition under subsection (a) for the purpose of carrying out upgrades to the type, model, or series of the aircraft described under such subsection that are necessary to ensure the safety of pilots. 
SEC. 334. U.S. SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-wide for U.S. Special Operations Com-mand civilian personnel, not less than $6,200,000 shall be used to fund the detail of civilian per-sonnel to the office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Inten-sity Conflict to support the Secretariat for Spe-cial Operations. 
SEC. 335. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR SERVICE-SPECIFIC DE-FENSE READINESS REPORTING SYS-TEMS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for operation and mainte-nance, research, development, test, and evalua-tion, or procurement, and available to operate service specific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems (DRRS) may be made available for such purpose except for required maintenance and in order to facilitate the transition to DRRS-Stra-tegic (DRRS-S). (b) P
LAN.—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Under Secretary for Personnel and Readi-ness shall submit to the congressional defense committees a resource and funding plan to in-clude a schedule with relevant milestones on the elimination of service-specific DRRS and the mi-gration of the military services and other orga-nizations to DRRS-S. (c) T
RANSITION .—The military services shall complete the transition to DRRS-S not later than October 1, 2019. The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense commit-tees upon the complete transition of the services. (d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Per-sonnel and Readiness, the Under Secretary for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Under Secretary for Research and Engineering, in co-ordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and other organizations with rel-evant technical expertise, shall establish a working group including individuals with exper-tise in application or software development, data science, testing, and development and as-sessment of performance metrics to assess the current process for collecting, analyzing, and communicating readiness data, and develop a strategy for implementing any recommended changes to improve and establish readiness metrics using the current DRRS-Strategic plat-form. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include— (A) identification of modern tools, methods, and approaches to readiness to more effectively and efficiently collect, analyze, and make deci-sion based on readiness data; and (B) consideration of cost and schedule. (3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than February 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the assessment conducted pursuant to para-graph (1). (e) D
EFENSE READINESS REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary of Defense shall meet defense readi-ness reporting requirements consistent with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4078 June 19, 2018 
recommendations of the working group estab-lished under subsection (d)(1). 
SEC. 336. REPURPOSING AND REUSE OF SURPLUS ARMY FIREARMS. 
Section 348(b) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1365) is amended by inserting ‘‘shredded or’’ before ‘‘melted and repurposed’’. 
SEC. 337. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF AD-DITIONAL SPECIALIZED UNDER-GRADUATE PILOT TRAINING FACIL-ITY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for Specialized Undergraduate Pilot Training for the Air Force (referred to in this section as ‘‘SUPT’’) no funds may be used to enter into a contract for the procurement of equipment, facilities, real property, or services to establish a new SUPT location in the United States until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional de-fense committees the certification described under subsection (b). (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification referred to in subsection (a) is a certification that— (1) existing SUPT installations are operating at maximum capacity in terms of pilot produc-tion; and (2) the Air Force plans to operate existing SUPT installations at maximum capacity over the future years defense program. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on existing SUPT production, resourcing, and locations. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description of the strategy of the Air Force for utilizing existing SUPT locations to produce the number of pilots the Air Force re-quires. (B) The number of pilots that each SUPT lo-cation has graduated, by year, over the previous 5 fiscal years. (C) The forecast number of pilots that each SUPT location will produce for fiscal year 2019. (D) The maximum production capacity of each SUPT location. (E) A cost estimate of the resources required for each SUPT location to reach maximum pro-duction capacity. (F) A determination as to whether increasing production capacity at existing SUPT locations will satisfy the Air Force’s SUPT requirement. (G) A timeline and cost estimation of estab-lishing a new SUPT location. (H) A business case analysis comparing the es-tablishment of a new SUPT location to increas-ing production capacity at existing SUPT loca-tions. 
SEC. 338. SCOPE OF AUTHORITY FOR RESTORA-TION OF LAND DUE TO MISHAP. 
Subsection (e) of section 2691 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 2814 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115– 91; 131 Stat. 1849), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The authority under paragraphs (1) and (2) includes activities and expenditures nec-essary to complete restoration to meet the regu-lations of the Federal department or agency with administrative jurisdiction over the af-fected land, which may be different than the regulations of the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 339. REDESIGNATION OF THE UTAH TEST AND TRAINING RANGE (UTTR). 
The Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR) located in northwestern Utah and eastern Ne-vada may be redesignated. Subtitle E—Logistics and Sustainment SEC. 351. LIMITATION ON MODIFICATIONS TO NAVY FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, AND MODERNIZA-TION (FSRM) STRUCTURE AND MECHANISM. 
The Secretary of the Navy may not make any modification to the existing Navy Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization (FSRM) structure or mechanism that would modify duty relationships or significantly alter the existing structure until 90 days after pro-viding notice of the proposed modification to the congressional defense committees. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army, 485,741. (2) The Navy, 331,900. (3) The Marine Corps, 186,100. (4) The Air Force, 325,720. 
SEC. 402. END STRENGTHS FOR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS ON ACTIVE DUTY IN CER-TAIN GRADES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for commissioned officers on active duty as of September 30, 2019, in the grades as follows in the number specified: (1) The Army: (A) Colonel, 3,970. (B) Lieutenant colonel, 8,700. (C) Major, 15,470. (2) The Navy: (A) Captain, 3,060. (B) Commander, 6,670. (C) Lieutenant commander, 11,010. (3) The Marine Corps: (A) Colonel, 650. (B) Lieutenant colonel, 1,910. (C) Major, 3,920. (4) The Air Force: (A) Colonel, 3,450. (B) Lieutenant colonel, 10,270. (C) Major, 13,920. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 343,500. (2) The Army Reserve, 199,500. (3) The Navy Reserve, 59,000. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 106,600. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,800. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) E
NDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Se-lected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— (1) the total authorized strength of units orga-nized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on active duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and (2) the total number of individual members not in units organized to serve as units of the Se-lected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for un-satisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. (c) E
NDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever units or individual members of the Selected Re-serve of any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-SERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in section 411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of September 30, 2019, the following number of Reserves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of organizing, administering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 30,155. (2) The Army Reserve, 16,261. (3) The Navy Reserve, 10,101. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,261. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 19,450. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,588. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military technicians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2019 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the fol-lowing: (1) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 22,294. (2) For the Army Reserve, 6,492. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 18,969. (4) For the Air Force Reserve, 8,880. 
SEC. 414. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2019, the maximum number of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under sec-tion 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 17,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 16,000. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not other-wise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of appro-priations (definite or indefinite) for such pur-pose for fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 422. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR PERSONNEL IN FISCAL YEAR 2019 IN EXCESS OF STATUTORILY SPECIFIED END STRENGTHS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the De-partment of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary personnel may be not obligated or expended for a number of military personnel covered by an end strength in title IV of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) in excess of such end strength until the Secretary of Defense has sub-mitted to the congressional defense committees the report required under subsection (b) of sec-tion 1041. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4079 June 19, 2018 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy PART I—OFFICER PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT REFORM 
SEC. 501. REPEAL OF CODIFIED SPECIFICATION OF AUTHORIZED STRENGTHS OF CERTAIN COMMISSIONED OFFICERS ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
Effective as of October 1, 2018, the text of sec-tion 523 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘The total number of commissioned officers serving on active duty in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps in each of the grades of major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel, or in the Navy in each of the grades of lieutenant commander, commander, or captain, at the end of any fiscal year shall be as specifically authorized by Act of Congress for such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 502. ANNUAL DEFENSE MANPOWER RE-QUIREMENTS REPORT MATTERS. 
(a) D ATE OF SUBMITTAL .—Subsection (a) of section 115a of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘not later than 45 days after the date on which’’ and inserting ‘‘on the date on which’’. (b) S
PECIFICATION OF ANTICIPATED OPPORTU -
NITIES FOR PROMOTION OF COMMISSIONED OFFI-
CERS.—Subsection (d) of such section is amend-ed by adding the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The opportunities for promotion of com-missioned officers anticipated to be estimated pursuant to section 623(b)(4) of this title for the fiscal year in which such report is submitted for purposes of promotion selection boards convened pursuant to section 611 of this title during such fiscal year.’’. (c) E
NUMERATION OF REQUIRED NUMBERS OF  C
ERTAIN COMMISSIONED OFFICERS .—Such sec- tion is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) In each such report, the Secretary shall also include a separate statement of the number of officers required for the next fiscal year in each grade as follows: ‘‘(1) Major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel of each of the Army, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps. ‘‘(2) Lieutenant commander, commander, and captain of the Navy.’’. 
SEC. 503. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR ABILITY TO COMPLETE 20 YEARS OF SERVICE BY AGE 62 AS QUALIFICATION FOR ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT AS A REG-ULAR COMMISSIONED OFFICER. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (a) of section 532 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respectively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such section is further amended by striking subsection (d). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to original appointments of regular com-missioned officers of the Armed Forces made on or after that date. 
SEC. 504. ENHANCEMENT OF AVAILABILITY OF CONSTRUCTIVE SERVICE CREDIT FOR PRIVATE SECTOR TRAINING OR EXPERIENCE UPON ORIGINAL AP-POINTMENT AS A COMMISSIONED OFFICER. 
(a) R EGULAR OFFICERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 533 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (D) and inserting the following new sub-paragraph (D): ‘‘(D) Additional credit for special training or experience in a particular officer career field as designated by the Secretary concerned, if such training or experience is directly related to the operational needs of the armed force con-cerned.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as authorized by the Secretary concerned in individual cases and under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense in the case of a medical or dental offi-cer, the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘The amount’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in the grade of major in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps or lieutenant commander in the Navy’’ and inserting ‘‘in the grade of colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Ma-rine Corps or captain in the Navy’’. (2) REPEAL OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR  
SERVICE CREDIT FOR CRITICALLY NECESSARY  
CYBERSPACE -RELATED EXPERIENCE .—Such sec-tion is further amended— (A) in subsections (a)(2) and (c), by striking ‘‘or (g)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (g). (b) R
ESERVE OFFICERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 12207 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (D) and inserting the following new sub-paragraph (D): ‘‘(D) Additional credit for special training or experience in a particular officer career field as designated by the Secretary concerned, if such training or experience is directly related to the operational needs of the armed force con-cerned.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The amount of constructive service credit credited to an officer under this subsection may not exceed the amount required in order for the officer to be eligible for an original appointment as a reserve officer of the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps in the grade of colonel or as a re-serve officer of the Navy in the grade of cap-tain.’’. (2) R
EPEAL OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR  
SERVICE CREDIT FOR CRITICALLY NECESSARY  
CYBERSPACE -RELATED EXPERIENCE .—Such sec-tion is further amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (C) in subsection (e), as redesignated by sub-paragraph (B), by striking ‘‘, (d), or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (d)’’. 
SEC. 505. STANDARDIZED TEMPORARY PRO-MOTION AUTHORITY ACROSS THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS FOR OFFI-CERS IN CERTAIN GRADES WITH CRITICAL SKILLS. 
(a) S TANDARDIZED TEMPORARY PROMOTION  A
UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 605. Promotion to certain grades for offi-cers with critical skills: colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain; captain, com-mander, lieutenant commander, lieutenant ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An officer in the grade of first lieutenant, captain, major, or lieutenant colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant (junior grade), lieutenant, lieutenant commander, or commander in the Navy, who is described in subsection (b) may be temporarily promoted to the grade of captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieuten-ant, lieutenant commander, commander, or cap-tain in the Navy, as applicable, under regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary of the military department concerned. Appointments under this section shall be made by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED OFFICERS .—An officer described in this subsection is any officer in a grade speci-fied in subsection (a) who— ‘‘(1) has a skill in which the armed force con-cerned has a critical shortage of personnel (as determined by the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned); and ‘‘(2) is serving in a position (as determined by the Secretary of the military department con-cerned) that— ‘‘(A) is designated to be held by a captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieuten-ant, lieutenant commander, commander, or cap-tain in the Navy, as applicable; and ‘‘(B) requires that an officer serving in such position have the skill possessed by such officer. ‘‘(c) STATUS OF OFFICERS APPOINTED .— ‘‘(1) P
RESERVATION OF POSITION AND STATUS .— An appointment under this section does not change the position on the active-duty list or the permanent, probationary, or acting status of the officer so appointed, prejudice the officer in regard to other promotions or appointments, or abridge the rights or benefits of the officer. ‘‘(2) G
RADE FOR PURPOSES OF ANNUAL DEFENSE  
MANPOWER REPORTS .—For purposes of section 115a of this title, an officer holding an appoint-ment under this section is considered as serving in the grade of the temporary promotion this section. ‘‘(d) B
OARD RECOMMENDATION REQUIRED .—A temporary promotion under this section may be made only upon the recommendation of a board of officers convened by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned for the purpose of recommending officers for such promotions. ‘‘(e) A
CCEPTANCE AND EFFECTIVE DATE OF AP-
POINTMENT .—Each appointment under this sec-tion, unless expressly declined, is, without for-mal acceptance, regarded as accepted on the date such appointment is made, and a member so appointed is entitled to the pay and allow-ances of the grade of the temporary promotion under this section from the date the appoint-ment is made. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION OF APPOINTMENT .—Unless sooner terminated, an appointment under this section terminates— ‘‘(1) on the date the officer who received the appointment is promoted to the permanent grade of captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy; or ‘‘(2) on the date the officer is detached from a position described in subsection (b)(2), unless the officer is on a promotion list to the perma-nent grade of captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy, in which case the appointment terminates on the date the officer is promoted to that grade. ‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF ELIGIBLE PO-
SITIONS .—An appointment under this section may only be made for service in a position des-ignated by the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned for the purposes of this section. The number of positions so designated may not exceed the following: ‘‘(1) In the case of the Army— ‘‘(A) as captain, 120; ‘‘(B) as major, 350; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 200; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 100. ‘‘(2) In the case of the Air Force— ‘‘(A) as captain, 100; ‘‘(B) as major, 325; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 175; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 80. ‘‘(3) In the case of the Marine Corps— ‘‘(A) as captain, 50; ‘‘(B) as major, 175; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 100; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 50. ‘‘(4) In the case of the Navy— ‘‘(A) as lieutenant, 100; ‘‘(B) as lieutenant commander, 325; ‘‘(C) as commander, 175; and ‘‘(D) as captain, 80.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 35 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4080 June 19, 2018 
‘‘605. Promotion to certain grades for officers with critical skills: colonel, lieu-tenant colonel, major, captain; captain, commander, lieutenant commander, lieutenant.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY APPLI-
CABLE TO NAVYLIEUTENANTS .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Chapter 544 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The tables of chapters at the beginning of title 10, United States Code, and at the beginning of subtitle C of such title, are each amended by striking the item relating to chapter 544. 
SEC. 506. AUTHORITY FOR PROMOTION BOARDS TO RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PAR-TICULAR MERIT BE PLACED HIGHER ON A PROMOTION LIST. 
(a) DOPMA B OARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 616 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g)(1) In selecting the officers to be rec-ommended for promotion, a selection board may, when authorized by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned, recommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, to be placed higher on the promotion list established by the Secretary under section 624(a)(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer may be recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under para-graph (1) only if the officer receives the rec-ommendation of at least a majority of the mem-bers of the board, unless the Secretary con-cerned establishes an alternative requirement. Any such alternative requirement shall be fur-nished to the board as part of the guidelines furnished to the board under section 615 of this title. ‘‘(3) For the officers recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1), the board shall recommend the order in which those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (2) P
ROMOTION SELECTION BOARD REPORTS  
RECOMMENDING OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT  
BE PLACED HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 617 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A selection board convened under section 611(a) of this title shall, when authorized under section 616(g) of this title, include in its report to the Secretary concerned the names of those officers recommended by the board to be placed higher on the promotion list and the order in which the board recommends that those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (3) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT APPEARING  
HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 624(a)(1) of such title is amended in the first sentence by adding at the end ‘‘or based on particular merit, as determined by the promotion board’’. (b) ROPMA B
OARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 14108 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT.—(1) In selecting the officers to be recommended for pro-motion, a promotion board may, when author-ized by the Secretary of the military department concerned, recommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for pro-motion, to be placed higher on the promotion list established by the Secretary under section 14308(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer may be recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under para-graph (1) only if the officer receives the rec-ommendation of at least a majority of the mem-bers of the board, unless the Secretary con-cerned establishes an alternative requirement. Any such alternative requirement shall be fur-nished to the board as part of the guidelines furnished to the board under section 14107 of this title. ‘‘(3) For the officers recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1), the board shall recommend the order in which those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (2) PROMOTION BOARD REPORTS RECOM -
MENDING OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT BE  
PLACED HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 14109 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT.—A pro- motion board convened under section 14101(a) of this title shall, when authorized under section 14108(f) of this title, include in its report to the Secretary concerned the names of those officers recommended by the board to be placed higher on the promotion list and the order in which the board recommends that those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (3) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT APPEARING  
HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 14308(a) of such title is amended in the first sentence by adding at the end ‘‘or based on particular merit, as determined by the promotion board’’. 
SEC. 507. AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS TO OPT OUT OF PROMOTION BOARD CONSIDER-ATION. 
(a) A CTIVE -DUTYLISTOFFICERS .—Section 619 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (e).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
UTHORITY TOALLOW OFFICERS TOOPT O
UT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .—(1) The Secretary of a military department may pro-vide that an officer under the jurisdiction of the Secretary may, upon the officer’s request and with the approval of the Secretary, be excluded from consideration by a selection board con-vened under section 611(a) of this title to con-sider officers for promotion to the next higher grade. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may only ap-prove a request under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) the basis for the request is to allow an officer to complete a broadening assignment, ad-vanced education, another assignment of sig-nificant value to the Department, or a career progression requirement delayed by the assign-ment or education; ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines the exclusion from consideration is in the best interest of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(C) the officer has not previously failed of selection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consider-ation.’’. (b) R
ESERVE ACTIVE -STATUS LISTOFFICERS .— Section 14301 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
REVIOUSLY SELECTED OFFICERS NOTELIGI-
BLE’’ and inserting ‘‘C ERTAIN OFFICERS NOT’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (j).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) A
UTHORITY TOALLOW OFFICERS TOOPT O
UT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .—(1) The Secretary a military department may pro-vide that an officer under the jurisdiction of the Secretary may, upon the officer’s request and with the approval of the Secretary, be excluded from consideration by a selection board con-vened under section 14101(a) of this title to con-sider officers for promotion to the next higher grade. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may only ap-prove a request under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) the basis for the request is to allow an officer to complete a broadening assignment, ad-vanced education, another assignment of sig-nificant value to the Department, or a career progression requirement delayed by the assign-ment or education; ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines the exclusion from consideration is in the best interest of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(C) the officer has not previously failed of selection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consider-ation.’’. SEC. 508. COMPETITIVE CATEGORY MATTERS. 
Section 621 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) C
OMPETITIVE CAT-
EGORIES .—’’ before ‘‘Under regulations’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) B
ASES FOR COMPETITIVE CATEGORIES .— Competitive categories shall be established on the bases as follows: ‘‘(1) Officers occupying similar officer quali-fications, specialties, occupations, or ratings shall be grouped together. ‘‘(2) Promotion timing, promotion oppor-tunity, and officer career length shall each be tailored to particular officer qualifications, spe-cialties, occupations, or ratings. ‘‘(c) C
ONSISTENCY NOTREQUIRED IN PRO-
MOTION TIMING OR OPPORTUNITY .—In estab- lishing competitive categories, the Secretary of a military department shall not be required to pro-vide consistency in promotion timing or pro-motion opportunity among competitive cat-egories of the armed force concerned.’’. 
SEC. 509. PROMOTION ZONE MATTERS. 
(a) A LIGNMENT WITHANNUAL DEFENSE MAN-
POWER REQUIREMENTS REPORTS .—Subsection (b) of section 623 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) the alignment of opportunities for pro-motion for officers considered by any particular selection board with opportunities for promotion in the next year as estimated pursuant to para-graph (4) and reported in the annual defense manpower requirements report covering such year under section 115a of this title.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON DETERMINATION OF OFFI-
CERS IN PROMOTION ZONEBASED ON YEAR OF  O
RIGINAL APPOINTMENT TO CURRENT GRADE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) The Secretary concerned may not deter-mine the number of officers in a promotion zone on the basis of the year in which officers receive their original appointment in their current grade.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotion zones established for pro-motion selection boards convened on or after that date. 
SEC. 510. ALTERNATIVE PROMOTION AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS IN DESIGNATED COM-PETITIVE CATEGORIES OF OFFI-CERS. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PROMOTION AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—ALTERNATIVE PRO-MOTION AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS IN DESIGNATED COMPETITIVE CATEGORIES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘649a. Officers in designated competitive cat-egories. ‘‘649b. Selection for promotion. ‘‘649c. Eligibility for consideration for pro-motion. ‘‘649d. Opportunities for consideration for pro-motion. ‘‘649e. Promotions. ‘‘649f. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘649g. Retirement: retirement for years of serv-ice; selective early retirement. ‘‘649h. Continuation on active duty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4081 June 19, 2018 
‘‘649h-1. Continuation on active duty: officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. ‘‘649i. Other administrative authorities. ‘‘649j. Regulations. ‘‘§ 649a. Officers in designated competitive categories ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TODESIGNATE COMPETITIVE  C
ATEGORIES OF OFFICERS .—Each Secretary of a military department may designate one or more competitive categories for promotion of officers under section 621 of this title that are under the jurisdiction of such Secretary as a competitive category of officers whose promotion, retire-ment, and continuation on active duty shall be subject to the provisions of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—The Secretary of a military department may not designate a competitive category of of-ficers for purposes of this subchapter until 60 days after the date on which the Secretary sub-mits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a re-port on the designation of the competitive cat-egory. The report on the designation of a com-petitive category shall set forth the following: ‘‘(1) A detailed description of officer require-ments for officers within the competitive cat-egory. ‘‘(2) An explanation of the number of opportu-nities for consideration for promotion to each particular grade, and an estimate of promotion timing, within the competitive category. ‘‘(3) An estimate of the size of the promotion zone for each grade within the competitive cat-egory. ‘‘(4) A description of any other matters the Secretary considered in determining to designate the competitive category for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘§ 649b. Selection for promotion ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, the selection for promotion of officers in any competitive category of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter shall be gov-erned by the provisions of subchapter I of this chapter. ‘‘(b) N
ORECOMMENDATION FOR PROMOTION OF  O
FFICERS BELOW PROMOTION ZONE.—Section 616(b) of this title shall not apply to the selec-tion for promotion of officers described in sub-section (a). ‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATION FOR OFFICERS TOBE E
XCLUDED FROM FUTURE CONSIDERATION FOR  P
ROMOTION .—In making recommendations pur-suant to section 616 of this title for purposes of the administration of this subchapter, a selec-tion board convened under section 611(a) of this title may recommend that an officer considered by the board be excluded from future consider-ation for promotion under this chapter. ‘‘§ 649c. Eligibility for consideration for pro-motion ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided by this section, eligibility for promotion of officers in any competitive category of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter shall be gov-erned by the provisions of section 619 of this title. ‘‘(b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN TIME-IN- 
GRADE REQUIREMENTS .—Paragraphs (2) through (4) of section 619(a) of this title shall not apply to the promotion of officers described in sub-section (a). ‘‘(c) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO OFFICERS ABOVE AND  B
ELOW PROMOTION ZONE.—The following provi-sions of section 619(c) of this title shall not apply to the promotion of officers described in subsection (a): ‘‘(1) The reference in paragraph (1) of that section to an officer above the promotion zone. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (2)(A) of that section. ‘‘(d) I
NELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN OFFICERS .— The following officers are not eligible for pro-motion under this subchapter: ‘‘(1) An officer described in section 619(d) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer not included within the pro-motion zone. ‘‘(3) An officer who has failed of promotion to a higher grade the maximum number of times specified for opportunities for promotion for such grade within the competitive category con-cerned pursuant to section 649d of this title. ‘‘(4) An officer recommended by a selection board to be removed from consideration for pro-motion in accordance with section 649b(c) of this title. ‘‘§ 649d. Opportunities for consideration for promotion ‘‘(a) SPECIFICATION OF NUMBER OF OPPORTU -
NITIES FOR CONSIDERATION FOR PROMOTION .—In designating a competitive category of officers pursuant to section 649a of this title, the Sec-retary of a military department shall specify the number of opportunities for consideration for promotion to be afforded officers of the armed force concerned within the category for pro-motion to each grade above the grade of first lieutenant or lieutenant (junior grade), as appli-cable. ‘‘(b) L
IMITED AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF  M
ILITARY DEPARTMENT TO MODIFY NUMBER OF  O
PPORTUNITIES .—The Secretary of a military department may modify the number of opportu-nities for consideration for promotion to be af-forded officers of an armed force within a com-petitive category for promotion to a particular grade, as previously specified by the Secretary pursuant subsection (a) or this subsection, not more frequently than once every five years. ‘‘(c) D
ISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OF SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE TO MODIFY NUMBER OF OP-
PORTUNITIES .—The Secretary of Defense may modify the number of opportunities for consider-ation for promotion to be afforded officers of an armed force within a competitive category for promotion to a particular grade, as previously specified or modified pursuant to any provision of this section, at the discretion of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF OPPORTUNI -
TIES SPECIFIED .—The number of opportunities for consideration for promotion to be afforded officers of an armed force within a competitive category for promotion to a particular grade, as specified or modified pursuant to any provision of this section, may not exceed five opportuni-ties. ‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF CERTAIN REDUCTION IN NUM-
BER OF OPPORTUNITIES SPECIFIED .—If, by rea-son of a reduction in the number of opportuni-ties for consideration for promotion under this section, an officer would no longer have one or more opportunities for consideration for pro-motion that were available to the officer before the reduction, the officer shall be afforded one additional opportunity for consideration for promotion after the reduction. ‘‘§ 649e. Promotions ‘‘Sections 620 through 626 of this title shall apply in promotions of officers in competitive categories of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘§ 649f. Failure of selection for promotion ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, sections 627 through 632 of this title shall apply to promotions of officers in competi-tive categories of officers designated for pur-poses of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF FAILURE OF SELEC-
TION FOR PROMOTION TO OFFICERS ABOVE PRO-
MOTION ZONE.—The reference in section 627 of this title to an officer above the promotion zone shall not apply in the promotion of officers de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL SELECTION BOARD MATTERS .— The reference in section 628(a)(1) of this title to a person above the promotion zone shall not apply in the promotion of officers described in subsection (a). ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF FAILURE OF SELECTION .—In the administration of this subchapter pursuant to subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) an officer described in subsection (a) shall not be deemed to have failed twice of selec-tion for promotion for purposes of section 629(e)(2) of this title until the officer has failed selection of promotion to the next higher grade the maximum number of times specified for op-portunities for promotion to such grade within the competitive category concerned pursuant to section 649d of this title; and ‘‘(2) any reference in section 631(a) or 632(a) of this title to an officer who has failed of selec-tion for promotion to the next higher grade for the second time shall be deemed to refer instead to an officer described in subsection (a) who has failed of selection for promotion to the next higher grade for the maximum number of times specified for opportunities for promotion to such grade within the competitive category concerned pursuant to such section 649d. ‘‘§ 649g. Retirement: retirement for years of service; selective early retirement ‘‘(a) RETIREMENT FOR YEARS OF SERVICES .— Sections 633 through 636 of this title shall apply to the retirement of officers in competitive cat-egories of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) S
ELECTIVE EARLY RETIREMENT .—Sections 638 and 638a of this title shall apply to the re-tirement of officers described in subsection (a). ‘‘§ 649h. Continuation on active duty ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An officer subject to dis-charge or retirement pursuant to this sub-chapter may, subject to the needs of the service, be continued on active duty if the officer is se-lected for continuation on active duty in accord-ance with this section by a selection board con-vened under section 611(b) of this title. ‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF POSITIONS FOR OFFI-
CERS CONTINUED ON ACTIVE DUTY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Officers may be selected for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section only for assignment to positions identi-fied by the Secretary of the military department concerned for which vacancies exist or are an-ticipated to exist. ‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION .—Before convening a se-lection board pursuant to section 611(b) of this title for purposes of selection of officers for con-tinuation on active duty pursuant to this sec-tion, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify for purposes of the board the positions identified by the Secretary to which officers selected for continuation on active duty may be assigned. ‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATION FOR CONTINUATION .—A selection board may recommend an officer for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section only if the board determines that the of-ficer is qualified for assignment to one or more positions identified pursuant to subsection (b) on the basis of skills, knowledge, and behavior required of an officer to perform successfully in such position or positions. ‘‘(d) A
PPROVAL OF SECRETARY OF MILITARY  D
EPARTMENT .—Continuation of an officer on active duty under this section pursuant to the action of a selection board is subject to the ap-proval of the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned. ‘‘(e) N
ONACCEPTANCE OF CONTINUATION .—An officer who is selected for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section, but who declines to continue on active duty, shall be discharged or retired, as appropriate, in accordance with section 632 of this title. ‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF CONTINUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An officer continued on ac-tive duty pursuant to this section shall remain on active duty, and serve in the position to which assigned (or in another position to which assigned with the approval of the Secretary of the military department concerned), for a total of not more than three years afer the date of as-signment to the position to which first so as-signed. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL CONTINUATION .—An officer whose continued service pursuant to this section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4082 June 19, 2018 
would otherwise expire pursuant to paragraph (1) may be continued on active duty if selected for continuation on active duty in accordance with this section before the date of expiration pursuant to that paragraph. ‘‘(g) E
FFECT OF EXPIRATION OF CONTINU -
ATION .—Each officer continued on active duty pursuant to this subsection who is not selected for continuation on active duty pursuant to subsection (f)(2) at the completion of the offi-cer’s term of continued service shall, unless sooner discharged or retired under another pro-vision of law— ‘‘(1) be discharged upon the expiration of the term of continued service; or ‘‘(2) if eligible for retirement under another other provision of law, be retired under that law on the first day of the first month following the month in which the officer completes the term of continued service. ‘‘(h) T
REATMENT OF DISCHARGE OR RETIRE -
MENT .—The discharge or retirement of an officer pursuant to this section shall be considered to be an involuntary discharge or retirement for purposes of any other provision of law. ‘‘§ 649h-1. Continuation on active duty: offi-cers in certain military specialties and ca-reer tracks ‘‘In addition to continuation on active duty provided for in section 649h of this title, an offi-cer to whom section 637a of this title applies may be continued on active duty in accordance with the provisions of such section 637a. ‘‘§ 649i. Other administrative authorities ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The following provisions of this title shall apply to officers in competitive categories of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter: ‘‘(1) Section 638b, relating to voluntary retire-ment incentives. ‘‘(2) Section 639, relating to continuation on active duty to complete disciplinary action. ‘‘(3) Section 640, relating to deferment of re-tirement or separation for medical reasons. ‘‘§ 649j. Regulations ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe reg-ulations regarding the administration of this subchapter. The elements of such regulations shall include mechanisms to clarify the manner in which provisions of other subchapters of this chapter shall be used in the administration of this subchapter in accordance with the provi-sions of this subchapter.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sub-chapters at the beginning of chapter 36 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘VI. Alternative Promotion Authority for Officers in Designated Com-petitive Categories........................649a’’. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives a report on the authorities in subchapter VI of chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the following: (A) A detailed analysis and assessment of the manner in which the exercise of the authorities in subchapter VI of chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code (as so added), will effect the career progression of commissioned officers in the Armed Forces. (B) A description of the competitive categories of officers that are anticipated to be designated as competitive categories of officers for purposes of such authorities. (C) A plan for implementation of such au-thorities. (D) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary of De-fense considers appropriate to improve or en-hance such authorities. SEC. 511. APPLICABILITY TO ADDITIONAL OFFI-CER GRADES OF AUTHORITY FOR CONTINUATION ON ACTIVE DUTY OF OFFICERS IN CERTAIN MILITARY SPECIALTIES AND CAREER TRACKS. 
Section 637a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘grade O–4’’ and inserting ‘‘grade O–2’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘632,’’ before ‘‘633,’’. PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 516. MATTERS RELATING TO SATISFACTORY SERVICE IN GRADE FOR PURPOSES OF RETIREMENT GRADE OF OFFI-CERS IN HIGHEST GRADE OF SATIS-FACTORY SERVICE. 
(a) C ONDITIONAL DETERMINATIONS OF GRADE  
OFSATISFACTORY SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of section 1370 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tences: ‘‘When an officer is under investigation for alleged misconduct at the time of retirement, the Secretary concerned may conditionally de-termine the highest grade of satisfactory service of the officer pending completion of the inves-tigation. Such grade is subject to reopening in accordance with subsection (f).’’. (2) O
FFICERS IN O –9 AND O –10 GRADES .—Sub- section (c) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Defense may make a conditional certification regarding satisfactory service in grade under paragraph (1) with re-spect to an officer under that paragraph not-withstanding the fact that there is pending the disposition of an adverse personnel action against the officer for alleged misconduct. The retired grade of an officer following such a con-ditional certification is subject to reopening in accordance with subsection (f).’’. (3) R
ESERVE OFFICERS .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘When an officer is under investigation for alleged misconduct at the time of retirement, the Secretary concerned may conditionally determine the highest grade of satisfactory service of the officer pending completion of the investigation. Such grade is subject to reopening in accordance with sub-section (f).’’. (b) D
ETERMINATIONS OF SATISFACTORY SERV-
ICE.—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATIONS OF SATISFACTORY SERV-
ICE IN GRADE .—The determination whether an officer’s service in grade is satisfactory for pur-poses of any provision of this section shall— ‘‘(1) be based on quantative and qualitative considerations; ‘‘(2) take into account both acts and omis-sions; and ‘‘(3) take into account service in current grade and in any prior grade in which served (wheth-er a lower or higher grade).’’. (c) F
INALITY OF RETIRED GRADE DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Such section is further amended by in-serting after subsection (e), as amended by sub-section (b) of this section, the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) F
INALITY OF RETIRED GRADE DETERMINA -
TIONS .—(1) Except as otherwise provided by law, a determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer pursuant to this section is administratively final on the day the officer is retired, and may not be reopened. ‘‘(2) A determination or certification of the re-tired grade of an officer may be reopened as fol-lows: ‘‘(A) If the retirement or retired grade of the officer was procured by fraud. ‘‘(B) If substantial evidence comes to light after the retirement that could have led to a lower retired grade under this section if known by competent authority at the time of retire-ment. ‘‘(C) If a mistake of law or calculation was made in the determination of the retired grade. ‘‘(D) In the case of a retired grade following a conditional determination under subsection (a)(1) or (d)(1) or conditional certification under subsection (c)(4), if the investigation of or per-sonnel action against the officer, as applicable, results in adverse findings. ‘‘(E) If the Secretary concerned determines, pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of Defense, that good cause exists to re-open the determination or certification. ‘‘(3) If a determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer is reopened, the Sec-retary concerned— ‘‘(A) shall notify the officer of the reopening; and ‘‘(B) may not make an adverse determination on the retired grade of the officer until the offi-cer has had a reasonable opportunity to respond regarding the basis of the reopening. ‘‘(4) If a certification of the retired grade of an officer covered by subsection (c) is reopened, the Secretary concerned shall also notify the President and Congress of the reopening. ‘‘(5) If the retired grade of an officer is re-duced through the reopening of the officer’s re-tired grade, the retired pay of the officer under chapter 71 of this title shall be recalculated, and any modification of the retired pay of the officer shall go into effect on the effective date of the reduction of the officer’s retired grade.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to officers who retire from the Armed Forces on or after that date. 
SEC. 517. REDUCTION IN NUMBER OF YEARS OF ACTIVE NAVAL SERVICE REQUIRED FOR PERMANENT APPOINTMENT AS A LIMITED DUTY OFFICER. 
Section 5589(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 years’’. 
SEC. 518. REPEAL OF ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR WARRANT OFFICERS IN THE REG-ULAR ARMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3310 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 335 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3310. 
SEC. 519. UNIFORM GRADE OF SERVICE OF THE CHIEFS OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The grade of service as Chief of Chaplains of the Army, Chief of Chaplains of the Navy, and Chief of Chaplains of the Air Force of an officer serving in such position shall be such grade as the Secretary of Defense shall specify. The grade of service shall be the same for service in each such position. 
SEC. 520. WRITTEN JUSTIFICATION FOR APPOINT-MENT OF CHIEFS OF CHAPLAINS IN GRADE BELOW GRADE OF MAJOR GENERAL OR REAR ADMIRAL. 
(a) C HIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMY.—Sec- tion 3036 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) If an individual is appointed Chief of Chaplains in a regular grade below the grade of major general, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth in writing the justification for the appointment of the individual as Chief of Chaplains in such lower grade.’’. (b) C
HIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE NAVY.—Sec- tion 5142(b) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4083 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(2) If an individual is appointed Chief of Chaplains in a regular grade below the grade of rear admiral, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth in writing the justification for the appointment of the individual as Chief of Chaplains in such lower grade.’’. (c) C
HIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE AIRFORCE.— Section 8039(a) of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) If an individual is appointed Chief of Chaplains in a regular grade below the grade of major general, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report setting forth in writing the jus-tification for the appointment of the individual as Chief of Chaplains in such lower grade.’’. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 521. AUTHORITY TO ADJUST EFFECTIVE DATE OF PROMOTION IN THE EVENT OF UNDUE DELAY IN EXTENDING FEDERAL RECOGNITION OF PRO-MOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 14308(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The effective date of promotion’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If the Secretary concerned determines that there was an undue delay in extending Federal recognition in the next higher grade in the Army National Guard or the Air National Guard to a reserve commissioned officer of the Army or the Air Force, and the delay was not attributable to the action (or inaction) of such officer, the effective date of the promotion con-cerned under paragraph (1) may be adjusted to a date determined by the Secretary concerned, but not earlier than the effective date of the State promotion.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotions of officers whose State ef-fective date is on or after that date. 
SEC. 522. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN RESERVE OFFICERS AS NOT TO BE CONSIDERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION. 
Section 14301 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) C
ERTAIN OFFICERS NOT TO BECONSID -
ERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION .—The Sec- retary of the military department concerned may provide that an officer who is in an active status, but is in a duty status in which the only points the officer accrues under section 12732(a)(2) of this title are pursuant to subpara-graph (C)(i) of that section (relating to member-ship in a reserve component), shall not be con-sidered for selection for promotion until comple-tion of two years of service in such duty status. Any such officer may remain on the reserve ac-tive-status list.’’. 
SEC. 523. EXPANSION OF PERSONNEL SUBJECT TO AUTHORITY OF THE CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU IN THE EXECUTION OF FUNCTIONS AND MISSIONS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
Section 10508(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 2103,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of title 32,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2102, 2103, 2105, and 3101, and subchapter IV of chapter 53, of title 5, or sections 328 and 709 of title 32,’’. 
SEC. 524. REPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON SERVICE ON ARMY RESERVE FORCES POLICY COMMITTEE BY MEMBERS ON AC-TIVE DUTY. 
Section 10302 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘not on ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘of the reserve components’’ after ‘‘among the members’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘not on active duty’’. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities SEC. 531. ASSESSMENT OF NAVY STANDARD WORKWEEK AND RELATED ADJUST-MENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct a comprehensive assessment of the Navy standard workweek. (b) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall— (1) update Office of the Chief of Naval Oper-ations Instruction 1000.16L in order to— (A) obtain an examination of current in-port workloads; and (B) identify the manpower necessary to exe-cute in-port workload for all surface ship class-es; (2) update the criteria used in the Instruction referred to in paragraph (1) that are used to re-assess the factors used to calculate manpower requirements periodically or when conditions change; and (3) using the updates required by paragraphs (1) and (2), identify personnel needs and costs associated with the planned larger size of the Navy fleet. (c) A
DDED DEMANDS .—The Secretary shall identify and quantify added demands on Navy ship crews, including Ready Relevant Learning training periods and additional work that af-fects readiness and technical qualifications for Navy ship crews. (d) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall complete carrying out the requirements in this section by not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 532. MANNING OF FORWARD DEPLOYED NAVAL FORCES. 
Commencing not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall implement a pol-icy to man ships homeported overseas (com-monly referred to as ‘‘Forward Deployed Naval Forces’’) at manning levels not less than the lev-els established for each ship class or type of unit, including any adjustments resulting from as a result of changes from actions in connec-tion with section 531, relating to an assessment of the Navy standard workweek and related ad-justments. 
SEC. 533. NAVY WATCHSTANDER RECORDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require that, commencing not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, key watchstanders on Navy surface ships shall maintain a career record of watchstanding hours and specific operational evolutions. (b) K
EYWATCHSTANDER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘key watchstander’’ means each of the following: (1) Officer of the Deck. (2) Any other officer specified by the Secretary for purposes of this section. 
SEC. 534. QUALIFICATION EXPERIENCE REQUIRE-MENTS FOR CERTAIN NAVY WATCHSTATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date the of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the ade-quacy of individual training for certain watchstations, including any planned or rec-ommended changes in qualification standards for such watchstations. (b) W
ATCHSTATIONS .—The watchstations cov-ered by the report required by subsection (a) are the following: (1) Officer of the Deck. (2) Combat Information Center Watch Officer. (3) Tactical Action Officer. SEC. 535. REPEAL OF 15-YEAR STATUTE OF LIMI-TATIONS ON MOTIONS OR REQUESTS FOR REVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DIS-MISSAL FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 1553(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the second sentence. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2019. 
SEC. 536. TREATMENT OF CLAIMS RELATING TO MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA IN COR-RECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS AND REVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DIS-MISSAL PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) C ORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 1552 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in paragraphs (1) and (2)(B), by striking ‘‘post- traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain in-jury’’ and inserting ‘‘post-traumatic stress dis-order, traumatic brain injury, or military sexual trauma’’. (2) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘, or an experience of military sexual trauma,’’ after ‘‘traumatic brain injury’’. (b) R
EVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DISMISSAL .— Section 1553(d) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or traumatic brain injury’’ each place it appears (other than the second place it appears in paragraph (3)(B)) and insert-ing ‘‘, traumatic brain injury, or military sexual trauma’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘whose’’ the second place it appears. Subtitle D—Military Justice Matters 
SEC. 541. PUNITIVE ARTICLE ON DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P UNITIVE ARTICLE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by insert-ing after section 928a (article 128a) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 928b. Art. 128b. Domestic violence ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person who— ‘‘(1) commits a violent offense against a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that person; ‘‘(2) with intent to threaten or intimidate a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that person— ‘‘(A) commits an offense under this chapter against any person; or ‘‘(B) commits an offense under this chapter against any property, including an animal; ‘‘(3) with intent to threaten or intimidate a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that person, violates a protec-tion order; ‘‘(4) with intent to commit a violent offense against a spouse, an intimate partner, or an im-mediate family member of that person, violates a protection order; or ‘‘(5) assaults a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that person by strangling or suffocating; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section (article): ‘‘(1) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘imme-diate family’, with respect to an accused, means a spouse, parent, brother or sister, child of the accused, a person to whom the accused stands in loco parentis, and any other person who lives in the household involved and is related by blood or marriage to the accused. ‘‘(2) I
NTIMATE PARTNER .—The term ‘intimate partner’, with respect to an accused, means— ‘‘(A) a former spouse of the accused; ‘‘(B) a person who has a child in common with the accused; ‘‘(C) a person who cohabits or has cohabited as a spouse with the accused; or ‘‘(D) a person who is or has been in a social relationship of a romantic or intimate nature 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4084 June 19, 2018 
with the accused, as determined by the length of the relationship, the type of relationship, and the frequency of interaction between the person and the accused. ‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION ORDER .—The term ‘protec-tion order’ means— ‘‘(A) a military protective order enforceable under section 890 of this title (article 90); or ‘‘(B) a protection order, as defined in section 2266 of title 18 and, if issued by a State, Indian tribal, or territorial court, is in accordance with the standards specified in section 2265 of such title. ‘‘(4) S
TRANGLING .—The term ‘strangling’ means intentionally or knowingly impeding the normal breathing or circulation of the blood of a person by applying pressure to the throat or neck, regardless of whether the impeding results in any visible injury or whether there is any in-tent to kill or protractedly injure the victim. ‘‘(5) S
UFFOCATING .—The term ‘suffocating’ means intentionally or knowingly impeding the normal breathing of a person by covering the mouth or the nose, regardless of whether the im-peding results in any visible injury or whether there is any intent to kill or protractedly injure the victim. ‘‘(6) V
IOLENT OFFENSE .—The term ‘violent of-fense’ means a violation of any of the provisions of this chapter as follows: ‘‘(A) Section 918 of this title (article 118). ‘‘(B) Section 919(a) of this title (article 119(a)). ‘‘(C) Section 919a of this title (article 119a). ‘‘(D) Section 920 of this title (article 120). ‘‘(E) Section 920b of this title (article 120b). ‘‘(F) Section 922 of this title (article 122). ‘‘(G) Section 925 of this title (article 125). ‘‘(H) Section 926 of this title (article 126). ‘‘(I) Section 928 of this title (article 128). ‘‘(J) Section 928a of this title (article 128a). ‘‘(K) Section 930 of this title (article 130).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of subchapter X of chap-ter 47 of such title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 928a (article 128a) the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘928b. 128b. Domestic violence.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by the Military Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328) as provided in section 5542 of that Act (130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
SEC. 542. INCLUSION OF STRANGULATION AND SUFFOCATION IN CONDUCT CONSTI-TUTING AGGRAVATED ASSAULT FOR PURPOSES OF THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 928 of title 10, United States Code (article 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by adding ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) who commits an assault by strangulation or suffocation;’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the coming into effect of the amendment made by section 5441 of the Mili-tary Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2954) as provided in sec-tion 5542 of that Act (130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
SEC. 543. AUTHORITIES OF DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) H
EARINGS .—The Advisory Committee may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the committee considers appro-priate to carry out its duties under this section. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— Upon request by the chair of the Advisory Com-mittee, a department or agency of the Federal Government shall provide information that the Advisory Committee considers necessary to carry out its duties under this section.’’. 
SEC. 544. PROTECTIVE ORDERS AGAINST INDIVID-UALS SUBJECT TO THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P ROTECTIVE ORDERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by insert-ing after section 809 (article 9) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 809a. Art. 9a. Protective orders ‘‘(a) I
SSUANCE AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with such regulations as the President may prescribe and subject to the provisions of this section, upon proper application therefor pursuant to sub-section (b), a military judge or military mag-istrate may issue the following: ‘‘(A) A protective order described in subsection (c) on an emergency basis against a person sub-ject to this chapter. ‘‘(B) A protective order described in subsection (c), other than a protective order on an emer-gency basis, against a person subject to this chapter. ‘‘(2) O
THER PROTECTIVE ORDERS .—Nothing in this section may be construed as limiting or al-tering any authority of a military judge or mili-tary magistrate to issue a protective order, other than a protective order described in subsection (c), against a person subject to this chapter under any other provision of law or regulation. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Application for a protective order under this section shall be made in accord-ance with such requirements and procedures as the President shall prescribe. Such requirements and procedures shall, to the extent practicable, conform to the requirements and procedures generally applicable to applications for protec-tive orders in civilian jurisdictions of the United States. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—Application for a protective order may be made by any individual. The regu-lations prescribed for purposes of this section may not limit eligibility for application to judge advocates or other attorneys or to military com-manders or other members of the armed forces. ‘‘(c) P
ROTECTIVE ORDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A protective order described in this subsection is an order that— ‘‘(A) restrains a person from harassing, stalk-ing, threatening, or otherwise contacting or communicating with another person who stands in relation to the person as described in sub-section (d)(8) or (g)(8) of section 922 of title 18, or engaging in other conduct that would place such other person in reasonable fear of bodily injury to any such other person; and ‘‘(B) by its terms, explicitly prohibits— ‘‘(i) the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force by the person against another person who stands in relation to the person as described in subsection (d)(8) or (g)(8) of section 922 of title 18 that would reasonably be expected to cause bodily injury; ‘‘(ii) the initiation by the person restrained of any contact or communication with such other person; or ‘‘(iii) actions described by both clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘contact’ includes contact in person or through a third party, or through gifts, ‘‘(B) The term ‘communication’ includes com-munication in person or through a third party, and by telephone or in writing by letter, data fax, or other electronic means. ‘‘(d) DUEPROCESS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROTECTION OF DUE PROCESS .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a protective order de-scribed in subsection (c) may only be issued after the person to be subject to the order has received such notice and opportunity to be heard on the order as the President shall pre-scribe. ‘‘(2) E
MERGENCY ORDERS .—A protective order on an emergency basis may be issued on an ex parte basis under such rules and limitations as the President shall prescribe. ‘‘(e) N
ATURE AND SCOPE OF PROTECTIVE OR-
DERS.—The President shall prescribe any re-quirements or limitations applicable to nature and scope of protective orders described in sub-section (c), including requirements and limita-tions relating to the following: ‘‘(1) The duration of protective orders on an emergency basis, and of other protective orders. ‘‘(2) The scope of protective orders on an emergency basis, and of other protective orders. ‘‘(f) C
OMMAND MATTERS .— ‘‘(1) D
ELIVERY TO COMMANDER .—A copy of a protective order described in subsection (c) against a member of the armed forces shall be provided to such commanding officer in the chain of command of the member as the Presi-dent shall prescribe for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION IN PERSONNEL FILE .—Any pro- tective order described in subsection (c) against a member shall be placed and retained in the military personnel file of the member. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE TO CIVILIAN LAW ENFORCEMENT OF  
ISSUANCE .—Any protective order described in subsection (c) against a member shall be treated as a military protective order for purposes of section 1567a of this title, including for purposes of mandatory notification of issuance to civilian law enforcement as required by that section. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY OF COMMANDING OFFICERS .— Nothing in this section may be construed as pro-hibiting a commanding officer from issuing or enforcing any otherwise lawful order in the na-ture of a protective order described in subsection (c) to or against members of the officer’s com-mand. ‘‘(g) D
ELIVERY TO CERTAIN PERSONS .—A phys- ical copy of any protective order described in subsection (c) shall be provided, as soon as prac-ticable after issuance, to the following: ‘‘(1) The person or persons protected by the protective order or to the guardian of such a person if such person is under the age of 18 years. ‘‘(2) The person subject to the protective order. ‘‘(h) E
NFORCEMENT .—A protective order de-scribed in subsection (c) shall be enforceable by a military judge or military magistrate under such rules, and subject to such requirements and limitations, as the President shall pre-scribe.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of subchapter II of chap-ter 47 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 809 (article 9) the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘809a. 9a. Protective orders.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY OF MILITARY MAGISTRATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 826a(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 26a(b) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘819 or 830a of this title (article 19 or 30a)’’ and inserting ‘‘809a, 819, or 830 of this title (article 9a, 19, or 30a)’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the coming into effect pursuant to section 5542 of the Military Justice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4085 June 19, 2018 
Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) of the amend-ment made by section 5185 of the Military Jus-tice Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 2902), to which the amendment made by paragraph (1) relates. 
SEC. 545. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR SPE-CIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1044e of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘alleged sex-related offense’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘alleged covered violence offense’’. (b) T
YPES OF LEGAL ASSISTANCE AUTHOR -
IZED.—Subsection (b) of such section is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘the alleged sex-related of-fense’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the alleged covered violence offense’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘if and as applicable,’’ after ‘‘or domestic abuse advo-cate,’’. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF SVC S.—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(10), by striking ‘‘sub-section (h)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (j)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking the subsection heading and in-serting ‘‘A
VAILABILITY OF SVC SI NCONNECTION  W
ITHSEX-RELATED OFFENSES .—’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘an alleged covered violence offense that is’’ before ‘‘an al-leged sex-related offense’’ the first place it ap-pears; and (4) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(g) A
VAILABILITY OF SVC SI N CONNECTION  W
ITHDOMESTIC VIOLENCE OFFENSES .—(1) An individual described in subsection (a)(2) who is the victim of an alleged covered violence offense that is an alleged domestic violence offense shall be offered the option of receiving assistance from a Special Victims’ Counsel upon report of an alleged domestic violence offense or at the time the victim seeks assistance from a Family Advocate, a domestic violence victim advocate, a military criminal investigator, a victim/witness liaison, a trial counsel, a healthcare provider, or any other personnel designated by the Secretary concerned for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(2) Paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (f) shall apply to the availability of Special Vic-tims’ Counsel under this subsection to victims of an alleged domestic violence offense. ‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY OF SVC SI N CONNECTION  W
ITHOTHER COVERED VIOLENCE OFFENSES .— An individual described in subsection (a)(2) who is the victim of an alleged covered violence of-fense (other than an alleged offense covered by subsection (f) or (g)) shall be offered the option of receiving assistance from a Special Victims’ Counsel upon report of such alleged covered vio-lence offense or at the time the victim seeks as-sistance from a military criminal investigator, a victim/witness liaison, a trial counsel, a healthcare provider, or any other personnel des-ignated by the Secretary concerned for purposes of this subsection.’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (i) of such sec-tion, as redesignated by subsection (c)(2) of this section, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
LLEGED COVERED VIOLENCE OFFENSE .— The term ‘alleged covered violence offense’ means any allegation of the following: ‘‘(A) A violation of section 918, 919, 919a, 920, 920b, 925, 928a, or 930 of this title (article 118, 119, 119a, 120, 120b, 125, 128a, or 130 of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(B) A violation of subsection (b) of section 928 of this title (article 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), if the offense was aggra-vated. ‘‘(C) A violation of any other provision of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) that the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security jointly specify as an alleged covered violence offense for purposes of this section. ‘‘(D) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punish-able under section 880 of this title (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(E) A conspiracy to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punish-able under section 881 of this title (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(F) A solicitation to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punish-able under section 882 of this title (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(2) ALLEGED DOMESTIC VIOLENCE OFFENSE .— The term ‘alleged domestic violence offense’ means any allegation of the following: ‘‘(A) A violation of section 919b of this title (article 119b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(B) A violation of section 920, 928 (if the of-fense was aggravated), or 930 of this title (arti-cle 120, 128, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice) in which the victim of the violation is a spouse or other intimate partner of the ac-cused or a child of the spouse or other intimate partner of the accused and the accused. ‘‘(C) A violation of any other provision of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) that the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security jointly specify as an alleged domestic violence offense for purposes of this section. ‘‘(D) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punish-able under section 880 of this title (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(E) A conspiracy to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punish-able under section 881 of this title (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(F) A solicitation to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punish-able under section 882 of this title (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(3) A
LLEGED SEX -RELATED OFFENSE .—The term ‘alleged sex-related offense’ means any al-legation of the following: ‘‘(A) A violation of section 920, 920b, 920c, or 930 of this title (article 120, 120b, 120c, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(B) A violation of any other provision of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) that the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security jointly specify as an alleged sex-related offense for pur-poses of this section. ‘‘(C) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A) or (B) as punishable under section 880 of this title (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(D) A conspiracy to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A) or (B) as punishable under section 881 of this title (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(E) A solicitation to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A) or (B) as punishable under section 882 of this title (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1044e. Special Victims’ Counsel: victims of sex-related offenses, domestic violence of-fenses, and other violence offenses’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1044e and inserting the following new item: ‘‘1044e. Special Victims’ Counsel: victims of sex- related offenses, domestic violence offenses, and other violence of-fenses.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on such date after January 1, 2019, as the President shall specify for purposes of this section. (2) DATE SPECIFIED .—In specifying a date for purposes of paragraph (1), the President shall specify a date that permits the Secretaries con-cerned and the Armed Forces the opportunity to assess and properly allocate the personnel and other resources required to fully implement and carry out the amendments made by this section. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION ACTIVITIES .—During the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date specified for purposes of paragraph (1), the Secretaries con-cerned and the Armed Forces shall— (A) establish mechanisms to ensure that a pri-ority is afforded in the discharge of duties of Special Victims’ Counsel under the amendments made by this section to serious cases of child abuse and other domestic violence (including cases involving aggravated assault and serious neglect that could result in serious injury or death); and (B) strongly consider the advisability of em-ploying civilians to perform duties of Special Victims’ Counsel in the matters covered by the amendments in the event the number of military Special Victims’ Counsel is insufficient for the full and effective discharge of such duties. (4) S
ECRETARIES CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Secretaries concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 546. CLARIFICATION OF EXPIRATION OF TERM OF APPELLATE MILITARY JUDGES OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF MILITARY COMMISSION REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 950f(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) The term of an appellate military judge assigned to the Court under paragraph (2) or appointed to the Court under paragraph (3) shall expire on the earlier of the date on which— ‘‘(A) the judge leaves active duty; or ‘‘(B) the judge is reassigned to other duties in accordance with section 949b(b)(4) of this title.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to each judge of the United States Court of Military Commission Re-view serving on that court on the date of the en-actment of this Act and each judge assigned or appointed to that court on or after such date. 
SEC. 547. EXPANSION OF POLICIES ON EXPE-DITED TRANSFER OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ARE VIC-TIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL MEMBERS FOR  T
RANSFER .—The Secretary of Defense shall mod-ify section 105.9 of title 32, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, and any other regulations and policy of the Department of Defense applicable to the expedited transfer of members of the Armed Forces who allege they are a victim of sexual as-sault, in order to provide that a member of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b) is eligi-ble for expedited transfer under such regula-tions and policy in connection with an allega-tion as described in that paragraph. (b) C
OVERED MEMBERS .—A member of the Armed Forces described in this subsection is any member as follows: (1) A member who is an alleged victim of sex-ual assault committed by the spouse or intimate partner of the member, which spouse or intimate partner is not a member of the Armed Forces. (2) A member who is an alleged victim of phys-ical domestic violence (other than sexual as-sault) committed by the spouse or intimate part-ner of the member, regardless of whether the spouse or intimate partner is a member of the Armed Forces. (c) P
HYSICAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE .—In car- rying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall pre-scribe the offenses or other actions constituting physical domestic violence for purposes of sub-section (b)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4086 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 548. UNIFORM COMMAND ACTION FORM ON DISPOSITION OF UNRESTRICTED SEXUAL ASSAULT CASES INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) U NIFORM FORMREQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a uniform command action form, applicable across the Armed Forces, for reporting the final disposition of cases of sexual assault in which— (1) the alleged offender is a member of the Armed Forces; and (2) the victim files an unrestricted report on the alleged assault. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The form required by sub-section (a) shall provide for the inclusion of in-formation on the following: (1) The final disposition of the case. (2) Appropriate demographic information on the victim and the alleged offender. (3) The status of the alleged offender as of final disposition of the case. (4) Whether the victim received assistance from a Special Victims’ Counsel in connection with the case. (5) Whether the victim was disciplined for any collateral misconduct in connection with the case. (6) The number of years working in a criminal justice litigation billet of any trial counsel who prosecuted or otherwise consulted on the case. 
SEC. 549. INCLUSION OF INFORMATION ON CER-TAIN COLLATERAL CONDUCT OF VIC-TIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN AN-NUAL REPORTS ON SEXUAL ASSAULT INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1631(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Information on the frequency with which individuals who were identified as victims of sexual assault in case files of military crimi-nal investigative organizations were also ac-cused of or punished for misconduct or crimes considered collateral to the sexual assault under investigation by such organizations, including the type of misconduct or crime and the punish-ment, if any, received.’’. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, Transition, and Resilience 
SEC. 551. CONSECUTIVE SERVICE OF SERVICE OB-LIGATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENT OF TUITION FOR OFF- DUTY TRAINING OR EDUCATION FOR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH ANY OTHER SERVICE OBLIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2007(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Any active duty service obligation of a commissioned officer under this subsection shall be served consecutively with any other service obligation of the officer (whether active duty or otherwise) under any other provision of law.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to agreements for the payment of tuition for off-duty training or education that are en-tered into on or after that date. 
SEC. 552. CONSECUTIVE SERVICE OF ACTIVE SERVICE OBLIGATIONS FOR MED-ICAL TRAINING WITH OTHER SERV-ICE OBLIGATIONS FOR EDUCATION OR TRAINING. 
(a) U NIFORMED SERVICES UNIVERSITY OF THE  H
EALTH SCIENCES .—Section 2114(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(d)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A commissioned service obligation in-curred as a result of participation in a military intern, residency, or fellowship training pro-gram shall be served consecutively with the com-missioned service obligation imposed by this sec-tion and by any other provision of this title for education or training.’’. (b) HEALTH PROFESSIONS SCHOLARSHIP AND  F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 2123(b) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A commissioned service obligation in-curred as a result of participation in a military intern, residency, or fellowship training pro-gram shall be served consecutively with the ac-tive duty obligation imposed by this section and by any other provision of this title for education or training.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to individuals begin-ning participation in a military intern, resi-dency, or fellowship training program on or after January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 553. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICATION AND HONORABLE SERVICE REQUIRE-MENTS UNDER THE TROOPS-TO- TEACHERS PROGRAM TO MEMBERS OF THE RETIRED RESERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2)(B) of section 1154(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)(iii),’’ after ‘‘A(i),’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘transferred to the Retired Reserve, or’’ after ‘‘member is retired,’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘separated,’’ and inserting ‘‘separated’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The second sentence of paragraph (3)(D) of such section is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, the transfer of the member to the Retired Reserve,’’ after ‘‘retirement of the member’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘transfer,’’ after ‘‘after the re-tirement,’’. 
SEC. 554. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ATTENDANCE OF ENLISTED PER-SONNEL AT SENIOR LEVEL AND IN-TERMEDIATE LEVEL OFFICER PRO-FESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION COURSES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-able for the Department of Defense may be obli-gated or expended for the purpose of the attend-ance of enlisted personnel at senior level and in-termediate level officer professional military education courses. (b) S
ENIOR LEVEL AND INTERMEDIATE LEVEL O
FFICER PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION  C
OURSES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘senior level and intermediate level officer pro-fessional military education courses’’ means any course offered by a school specified in section 2151(b) of title 10, United States Code. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED LIMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 547 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is repealed. (2) P
RESERVATION OF CERTAIN REPORTING RE -
QUIREMENT .—The repeal in paragraph (1) shall not be interpreted to terminate the requirement of the Comptroller General of the United States to submit the report required by subsection (c) of section 547 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
SEC. 555. REPEAL OF PROGRAM ON ENCOURAGE-MENT OF POSTSEPARATION PUBLIC AND COMMUNITY SERVICE. 
(a) R EPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1143a of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 58 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 1143a. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1144(b) of such title is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (8); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (8), (9), and (10), respec-tively. 
SEC. 556. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO ASSIST MEMBERS IN OBTAINING PROFES-SIONAL CREDENTIALS. 
Section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (e) as subsections (c) through (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS NOTRE-
LATED TO MILITARY TRAINING AND SKILLS .— Under the program required by this section, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, may enable members of the armed forces to obtain, while serving in the armed forces, professional credentials for which such members are other otherwise qualified that do not relate to military training and skills if such Secretary determines that such action is in the best interests of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 557. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITIES IN CONNECTION WITH JUNIOR RE-SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PROGRAMS. 
(a) F LEXIBILITY IN AUTHORITIES FOR MANAGE -
MENT OF PROGRAMS AND UNITS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 102 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2034. Flexibility in authorities for manage-ment of programs and units ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TOCONVERT OTHERWISE  C
LOSING UNITS TO NATIONAL DEFENSE CADET C
ORPS PROGRAM UNITS.—If the Secretary of a military department is notified by a local edu-cational agency of the intent of the agency to close its Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, the Secretary shall offer the agency the option of converting the unit to a National De-fense Cadet Corps (NDCC) program unit in lieu of closing the unit. ‘‘(b) F
LEXIBILITY IN ADMINISTRATION OF IN-
STRUCTORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the mili-tary departments may, without regard to any other provision of this chapter, undertake ini-tiatives designed to promote flexibility in the hiring and compensation of instructors for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program under the jurisdiction of such Secretaries. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The initiatives undertaken pursuant to this subsection may provide for one or more of the following: ‘‘(A) Termination of the requirement for a waiver as a condition of the hiring of well- qualified non-commissioned officers with a bachelor’s degree for senior instructor positions within the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. ‘‘(B) Specification of a single instructor as the minimum number of instructors required to found and operate a Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps unit. ‘‘(C) Authority for Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps instructors to undertake school duties, in addition to Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps duties, at small schools. ‘‘(D) Authority for the payment of instructor compensation for a limited number of Junior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps instructors on a 10-month per year basis rather than a 12-month per year basis. ‘‘(E) Such other actions as the Secretaries of the military departments consider appropriate. ‘‘(c) F
LEXIBILITY IN ALLOCATION AND USE OF  T
RAVEL FUNDING .—The Secretaries of the mili-tary departments shall take appropriate actions to provide so-called regional directors of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-grams located at remote rural schools enhanced discretion in the allocation and use of funds for travel in connection with Junior Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps activities. ‘‘(d) S
TANDARDIZATION OF PROGRAM DATA.— The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions to standardize the data collected and maintained on the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in order to facilitate and enhance the collection and analysis of such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4087 June 19, 2018 
data. Such actions shall include a requirement for the use of the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES) identification code for each school with a unit under a Junior Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps program in order to facili-tate identification of such schools and their units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps programs.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 102 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘2034. Flexibility in authorities for management of programs and units.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADDITIONAL UNITS.—The Secretaries of the military departments may, using amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act and available in the funding tables in sections 4301 and 4401 for purposes of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs, es-tablish an aggregate of not more than 100 units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in low-income and rural areas of the United States and areas of the United States currently underserved by the Junior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps programs. Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters PART I—DEFENSE DEPENDENTS’ EDUCATION MATTERS 
SEC. 561. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO AS-SIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFICANT  N
UMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS .— Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide ac-tivities as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301, $40,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local edu-cational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). (b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 7013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). 
SEC. 562. IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH SE-VERE DISABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4301, $10,000,000 shall be available for payments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). (b) U
SE OF CERTAIN AMOUNT .—Of the amount available under subsection (a) for payments as described in that subsection, $5,000,000 shall be available for such payments to local educational agencies determined by the Secretary of De-fense, in the discretion of the Secretary, to have higher concentrations of military children with severe disabilities. 
SEC. 563. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY POLICIES AND PROCE-DURES ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF STUDENTS OF ACTIVITY SCHOOLS. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF TITLE IX P ROTEC -
TIONS .—The provisions of title IX of the Edu-cation Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) (in this section referred to as ‘‘title IX’’) with respect to education programs or activities receiving Federal financial assistance shall apply equally to education programs and activi-ties administered by the Department of Defense Education Activity (DODEA). (b) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Department of Defense Education Activity shall establish policies and procedures to protect students at schools of the Activity who are victims of sexual harassment. Such policies and procedures shall afford pro-tections at least comparable to the protections afforded under title IX. (c) ELEMENTS .—The policies and procedures required by subsection (b) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) A policy addressing sexual harassment of students at the schools of the Department of De-fense Education Activity that uses and incor-porates terms, procedures, protections, inves-tigation standards, and standards of evidence consistent with title IX. (2) A procedure by which— (A) a student of a school of the Activity, or a parent of such a student, may file a complaint with the school alleging an incident of sexual harassment at the school; and (B) such a student or parent may appeal the decision of the school regarding such complaint. (3) A procedure and mechanisms for the ap-pointment and training of, and allocation of re-sponsibility to, a coordinator at each school of the Activity for sexual harassment matters in-volving students from the military community served by such school. (4) Training of employees of the Activity, and volunteers at schools of the Activity, on the policies and procedures. (5) Mechanisms for the broad distribution and display of the policy described in paragraph (1), including on the Internet website of the Activity and on Internet websites of schools of the Activ-ity, in printed and online versions of student handbooks, and in brochures and flyers dis-played on school bulletin boards and in guid-ance counselor offices. (6) Reporting and recordkeeping requirements designed to ensure that— (A) complaints of sexual harassment at schools of the Activity are handled— (i) with professionalism and consistency; and (ii) in a manner that permits coordinators re-ferred to in paragraph (3) to track trends in in-cidents of sexual harassment and to identify re-peat offenders of sexual harassment; and (B) appropriate members of the local leader-ship of military communities are held account-able for acting upon complaints of sexual har-assment at schools of the Activity. PART II—MILITARY FAMILY READINESS MATTERS 
SEC. 566. IMPROVEMENT OF AUTHORITY TO CON-DUCT FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS FOR IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ASSIGNED TO SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
(a) C OSTS OF PARTICIPATION OF FAMILY MEM-
BERS IN PROGRAMS .—Section 1788a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) C
OSTS OF FAMILY MEMBER PARTICIPA -
TION.—In carrying out family support programs under this section, the Commander may also pay, or reimburse immediate family members, for transportation, food, lodging, child care, sup-plies, fees, and training materials in connection with the participation of family members in such programs.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (d) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1) of this sec-tion, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘up to $5,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘up to $10,000,000’’; and (2) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, including payment of costs of partici-pation in such programs as authorized by sub-section (c)’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (3) of subsection (f) of such section, as so redesig-nated, is amended by striking ‘‘section 167(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 167(j)’’. SEC. 567. EXPANSION OF PERIOD OF AVAIL-ABILITY OF MILITARY ONESOURCE PROGRAM FOR RETIRED AND DIS-CHARGED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR IMMEDIATE FAMILIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of Defense, the period of eligibility for the Military OneSource program of the Department of Defense of an eligible indi-vidual retired, discharged, or otherwise released from the Armed Forces, and for the eligible im-mediate family members of such an individual, shall be the one-year period beginning on the date of the retirement, discharge, or release, as applicable, of such individual. (b) I
NFORMATION TO FAMILIES .—The Secretary shall, in such manner as the Secretary considers appropriate, inform military families and fami-lies of veterans of the Armed Forces of the wide range of benefits available through the Military OneSource program. 
SEC. 568. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY FOR NON-COMPETITIVE APPOINTMENTS OF MILITARY SPOUSES BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) E XPANSION TOINCLUDE ALLSPOUSES OF  M
EMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON ACTIVE  D
UTY.—Section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraphs (3), (4), and (5); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (3); (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and in-serting the following new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .—The head of an agency may appoint noncompetitively— ‘‘(1) a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces on active duty; or ‘‘(2) a spouse of a disabled or deceased mem-ber of the Armed Forces.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c); and (4) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(6)’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)’’. (b) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3330d. Appointment of military spouses’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 33 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 3330d and inserting the following new item: ‘‘3330d. Appointment of military spouses.’’. 
SEC. 569. IMPROVEMENT OF MY CAREER AD-VANCEMENT ACCOUNT PROGRAM FOR MILITARY SPOUSES. 
(a) O UTREACH ON AVAILABILITY OF PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions to ensure that military spouses who are eligible for participa-tion in the My Career Advancement Account (MyCAA) program of the Department of Defense are, to the extent practicable, made aware of the program. (2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth such rec-ommendations as the Comptroller General con-siders appropriate regarding the following: (A) Mechanisms to increase awareness of the My Career Advancement Account program among military spouses who are eligible to par-ticipate in the program. (B) Mechanisms to increase participation in the My Career Advancement Account program among military spouses who are eligible to par-ticipate in the program. (b) T
RAINING FOR INSTALLATION CAREER  C
OUNSELORS ON PROGRAM .—The Secretaries of the military departments shall take appropriate actions to ensure that career counselors at mili-tary installations receive appropriate training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4088 June 19, 2018 
and current information on eligibility for and use of benefits under the My Career Advance-ment Account program, including financial as-sistance to cover costs associated with profes-sional recertification, portability of occupa-tional licenses, professional credential exams, and other mechanisms in connection with the portability of professional licenses. 
SEC. 570. ACCESS TO MILITARY INSTALLATIONS FOR CERTAIN SURVIVING SPOUSES AND OTHER NEXT OF KIN OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO DIE WHILE ON ACTIVE DUTY OR CER-TAIN RESERVE DUTY. 
(a) P ROCEDURES FOR ACCESS OF SURVIVING  S
POUSES REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense, acting jointly with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall establish procedures by which an eligible surviving spouse may obtain unescorted access, as appropriate, to military installations in order to receive benefits to which the eligible surviving spouse may be entitled by law or pol-icy. (b) E
LIGIBLE SURVIVING SPOUSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘eli-gible surviving spouse’’ means an individual who— (A) is a surviving spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving— (i) on active duty; or (ii) on such reserve duty as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security may jointly specify for purposes of this section; and (B) has guardianship of one or more depend-ent children of such member. (2) S
TATUS NOT EFFECTED BY REMARRIAGE .— An individual is an eligible surviving spouse for purposes of this section without regard to whether the individual remarries after the death of the member concerned. (c) P
ROCEDURES FOR ACCESS OF NEXT OF KIN A
UTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting jointly with the Secretary of Homeland Security, may establish procedures by which the next of kin of a deceased member of the Armed Forces, in addition to an eligible surviving spouse, may obtain access to military installa-tions for such purposes and under such condi-tions as the Secretaries jointly consider appro-priate. (2) N
EXT OF KIN .—If the Secretaries establish procedures pursuant to paragraph (1), the Sec-retaries shall jointly specify the individuals who shall constitute next of kin for purposes of such procedures. (d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Any procedures estab-lished under this section shall— (1) be applied consistently across the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of Home-land Security, including all components of the Departments; (2) minimize any administrative burden on a surviving spouse or dependent child, including through the elimination of any requirement for a surviving spouse to apply as a personal agent for continued access to military installations in accompaniment of a dependent child; (3) take into account measures required to en-sure the security of military installations, in-cluding purpose and eligibility for access and renewal periodicity; and (4) take into account such other factors as the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Home-land Security considers appropriate. (e) D
EADLINE .—The procedures required by subsection (a) shall be established by the date that is not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 571. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY FAMILY READINESS COUNCIL MAT-TERS. 
(a) M EMBER MATTERS .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—Paragraph (1)(B) of sub-section (b) of section 1781a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘a member of the armed force to be represented’’ and inserting ‘‘a member or civilian employee of the armed force to be represented’’; and (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following new clause (ii): ‘‘(ii) One representative, who shall be a mem-ber or civilian employee of the National Guard Bureau, to represent both the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard.’’. (2) TERMS .—Paragraph (2) of such subsection is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘clauses (i) and (iii) of’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting ‘‘two years’’. (b) D
UTIES .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘military family readiness by the Department of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘military family readiness pro-grams and activities of the Department of De-fense’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) To make recommendations to the Sec-retary of Defense to improve collaboration, awareness, and promotion of accurate and time-ly military family readiness information and support services by policy makers, service pro-viders, and targeted beneficiaries.’’. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘February 1’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF MEMBERSHIP AND TERM  
AMENDMENTS .—The amendments made by sub-section (a) shall apply to members of the De-partment of Defense Military Family Readiness Council appointed after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 572. MULTIDISCIPLINARY TEAMS FOR MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS ON CHILD ABUSE AND OTHER DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE. 
(a) M ULTIDISCIPLINARY TEAMS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under regulations prescribed by each Secretary concerned, there shall be es-tablished and maintained for each military in-stallation, except as provided in paragraph (2), one or more multidisciplinary teams on child abuse and other domestic violence for the pur-poses specified in subsection (b). (2) S
INGLE TEAM FOR PROXIMATE INSTALLA -
TIONS .—A single multidiscipinary team described in paragraph (1) may be established and main-tained under this subsection for two or more military installations in proximity with one an-other if the Secretary concerned determines, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, that a single team for such installations suffices to carry out the purposes of such teams under sub-section (b) for such installations. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of each multi-disciplinary team maintained pursuant to sub-section (a) shall be as follows: (1) To provide for the sharing of information among such team and other appropriate per-sonnel on the installation or installations con-cerned regarding the progress of investigations into and resolutions of incidents of child abuse and other domestic violence involving members of the Armed Forces stationed at or otherwise assigned to the installation or installations. (2) To provide for and enhance collaborative efforts among such team and other appropriate personnel of the installation or installations re-garding investigations into and resolutions of such incidents. (3) To enhance the social services available to military families at the installation or installa-tions in connection with such incidents, includ-ing through the enhancement of cooperation among specialists and other personnel providing such services to such military families in con-nection with such incidents (4) To carry out such other duties regarding the response to child abuse and other domestic violence at the installation or installations as the Secretary concerned considers appropriate for such purposes. (c) PERSONNEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each multidisciplinary team maintained pursuant to subsection (a) shall be composed of the following: (A) One or more judge advocates. (B) Appropriate personnel of one or more mili-tary criminal investigation services. (C) Appropriate mental health professionals. (D) Appropriate medical personnel. (E) Family advocacy case workers. (F) Such other personnel as the Secretary or Secretaries concerned consider appropriate. (2) E
XPERTISE AND TRAINING .—Any individual assigned to a multidisciplinary team shall pos-sess such expertise, and shall undertake such training as is required to maintain such exper-tise, as the Secretary concerned shall specify for purposes of this section in order to ensure that members of the team remain appropriately quali-fied to carry out the purposes of the team under this section. The training and expertise so speci-fied shall include training and expertise on spe-cial victims’ crimes, including child abuse and other domestic violence. (d) C
OORDINATION AND COLLABORATION WITH N
ON-MILITARY RESOURCES .— (1) U
SE OF COMMUNITY RESOURCES SERVING IN -
STALLATIONS .—In providing under this section for a multidisciplinary team for a military in-stallation or installations that benefit from serv-ices or resources on child abuse or other domes-tic violence that are provided by civilian entities in the vicinity of the installation or installa-tions, the Secretary concerned may take the availability of such services or resources to the installation or installations into account in pro-viding for the composition and duties of the team. (2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretaries con-cerned shall take appropriate actions to ensure that multidisciplinary teams maintained pursu-ant to subsection (a) remain fully and currently apprised of best practices in the civilian sector on investigations into and resolutions of inci-dents of child abuse and other domestic violence and on the social services provided in connec-tion with such incidents. (3) C
OLLABORATION .—In providing for the en-hancement of social services available to mili-tary families in accordance with subsection (b)(3), the Secretaries concerned shall permit, facilitate, and encourage multidisciplinary teams to collaborate with appropriate civilian agencies in the vicinity of the military installa-tions concerned with regard to availability, pro-vision, and use of such services to and by such families. (e) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than March 1 of each of 2020 through 2022, each Secretary concerned shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the activities of mul-tidisciplinary teams maintained pursuant to subsection (a) under the jurisdiction of such Secretary during the preceding year. Each re-port shall set forth, for the period covered by such report, the following: (1) A summary description of the activities of the multidisciplinary teams concerned, includ-ing the number and composition of such teams, the recurring activities of such teams, and any notable achievements of such teams. (2) A description of any impediments to the ef-fectiveness of such teams. (3) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as such Secretary con-siders appropriate in order to improve the effec-tiveness of such teams. (4) Such other matters with respect to such teams as such Secretary considers appropriate. (f) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4089 June 19, 2018 
that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. (2) U
SAGE WITH RESPECT TO MULTIPLE INSTAL -
LATIONS .—For purposes of this section, any ref-erence to ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ with respect to a single multidisciplinary team established and maintained pursuant to subsection (a) for two or more military installations that are under the jurisdiction of different Secretaries concerned, shall be deemed to refer to each Secretary con-cerned who has jurisdiction of such an installa-tion, acting jointly. 
SEC. 573. PROVISIONAL OR INTERIM CLEAR-ANCES TO PROVIDE CHILDCARE SERVICES AT MILITARY CHILDCARE CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall implement a policy to permit the issuance on a provisional or interim basis of clearances for the provision of childcare services at military childcare centers. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The policy required by sub-section (a) shall provide for the following: (1) Any clearance issued under the policy shall be temporary and contingent upon the sat-isfaction of such requirements for the issuance of a clearance on a permanent basis as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (2) Any individual issued a clearance on a provisional or interim basis under the policy shall be subject to such supervision in the provi-sion of childcare services using such clearance as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) C
LEARANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘clearance’’, with respect to an individual and the provision of childcare services, means the formal approval of the individual, after ap-propriate background checks and other review, to provide childcare services to children at a military childcare center of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 574. PILOT PROGRAM ON PREVENTION OF CHILD ABUSE AND TRAINING ON SAFE CHILDCARE PRACTICES AMONG MILITARY FAMILIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Defense Health Agen-cy, carry out a pilot program on universal home visits for purposes of providing eligible covered beneficiaries and their families training on safe childcare practices aimed at reducing child abuse and fatalities due to abuse and neglect, assessments of risk factors for child abuse, and connections with community resources to meet identified needs. (2) S
COPE.—The pilot program shall be de-signed to facilitate connections between covered beneficiaries and their families and community resources (including existing resources provided by the Armed Forces). The pilot program, in-cluding the practices covered by training pursu-ant to the pilot program, shall conform to evi-dence-based scientific criteria, including criteria available through publications in peer-reviewed scientific journals. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The pilot program shall in-clude the following: (A) Between one and three home visits, and not more than seven other contacts, except in unusual cases (such as deployments), with such home visits by a team led by a nurse, whenever practicable, to provide screening, community re-source referral, and training to eligible covered beneficiaries and their families on the following: (i) General maternal and infant health. (ii) Safe sleeping environments. (iii) Feeding and bathing. (iv) Adequate supervision. (v) Common hazards. (vi) Self-care. (vii) Recognition of post-partum depression, substance abuse, and domestic violence in a mother or her partner and community violence. (viii) Skills for management of infant crying. (ix) Other positive parenting skills and prac-tices. (x) The importance of participating in ongoing healthcare for an infant and in ongoing healthcare for post-partum depression. (xi) Finding, qualifying for, and participating in available community resources with respect to infant care, childcare, and parenting support. (xii) Planning for parenting or guardianship of children during deployment. (xiii) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (B) If a parent is deployed at the time of birth— (i) the first home visit pursuant to subpara-graph (A) shall, to the extent practicable, incor-porate both parents, in person with the local parent and by electronic means (such as Skype or FaceTime) with the deployed parent; and (ii) another such home visit shall be con-ducted upon the return of the parent from de-ployment, and shall include both parents. (C) An electronic directory of community re-sources available to eligible covered beneficiaries and their families in order to assist teams de-scribed in subparagraph (A) in connecting bene-ficiaries and families with such resources. (D) An electronic integrated data system to— (i) support teams in referring beneficiaries to the services and resources to be offered under subsection (c)(3) and track beneficiary usage; (ii) track interactions between teams described in subparagraph (A) and eligible beneficiaries and their families; and (iii) otherwise evaluate the implementation and effectiveness of the pilot program. (b) MANDATORY PARTICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the Secretary shall require all eligible covered beneficiaries at each installation at which the pilot program is being conducted to be contacted by the pilot program under this sec-tion. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary shall encour-age participation by both parents of a child in the pilot program, but participation by one par-ent shall be sufficient to meet the requirement under paragraph (1). (c) A
VAILABLE SERVICES AND RESOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram under this section, the Secretary shall offer services and resources to an eligible cov-ered beneficiary based on the particular needs of the beneficiary and the beneficiary’s family. (2) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Participation by an eligible covered beneficiary and family in any service or resource offered under paragraph (1) shall be at the election of the beneficiary. (3) A
SSESSMENT OF ELIGIBLE COVERED BENE -
FICIARIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall conduct, or attempt to conduct, an assessment of every eligible cov-ered beneficiary and beneficiary family partici-pating in the pilot program, regardless of risk factors, to determine which services and re-sources to offer such beneficiary and family under paragraph (1). (B) P
ARTICULAR NEEDS .—In conducting an as-sessment of an eligible covered beneficiary and family under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall assess their needs and eligibility for par-ticular services and resources and connect the beneficiary and family to services and resources for which they have a need and are eligible, ei-ther within the Department of Defense or else-where. (d) I
NVOLVEMENT OF MEDICAL STAFF.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ensure that the pilot program under this section is con-ducted by licensed medical staff of the Depart-ment of Defense and not family advocacy staff. (2) H
OME VISITS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ensure that the pilot program includes the following: (i) An initial contact made prenatally (except when not possible, in which case the contact shall occur as soon after birth as possible) by a team described in subsection (a)(3)(A), which shall include screening for the matters specified in that subsection. (ii) Home visits by a nurse or other licensed medical professional trained in the practices covered by the program at the birth of a child, which visits shall follow a research-based struc-tured clinical protocol and include use of the electronic integrated data described in sub-section (a)(3)(D). (B) TIMING OF VISITS .—The first visits under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall occur between two and five weeks after hospital discharge with ap-propriate follow-up generally accomplished within two home visits. (C) D
URATION OF VISITS .—Visits under this paragraph shall have a duration between 90 minutes and 2 hours. (D) F
INAL VISIT .—Not later than 45 days after the last visit conducted by a nurse under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) with respect to an eligible cov-ered beneficiary, appropriate staff shall follow- up with the beneficiary and the beneficiary’s family to assess if they are using the services recommended under subsection (c). (e) I
MPLEMENTATION ASSESSMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out not fewer than five implementation assess-ments in accordance with this subsection in order to assess the effectiveness of the elements and requirements of the pilot program. (2) S
CHEDULE .—The implementation assess-ment required by this subsection shall be com-pleted by not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) L
OCATIONS .—The implementation assess-ments shall be carried out at not less than five military installations selected by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. In selecting such installations, the Secretary shall select installa-tions representing a range of circumstances, in-cluding installations in an urban location and a rural location, installations with a large popu-lation and with a small population, installa-tions currently experiencing high incidence of child abuse, neglect, or both and low incidence of child abuse, neglect, or both, installations with a hospital or clinic and without a hospital or clinic, joint installations, and installations serving only one Armed Force. (4) A
SSESSMENT .—In carrying out the imple-mentation assessments, the Secretary shall seek to obtain an assessment of each of the following: (A) The ability of nurses or other licensed medical professionals to contact families eligible for participation in the pilot program. (B) The extent to which families eligible for participation in the program actually partici-pate in the pilot program. (C) The ability of medical personnel to adhere to the clinical protocols of the pilot program. (D) The extent to which families participating in the pilot program are being connected to serv-ices and resources under the pilot program. (E) The extent to which families participating in the pilot program are using services and re-sources under the pilot program. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program to be carried out pursuant to this section. The re-port shall include a comprehensive description of each implementation assessment to be carried out pursuant to subsection (e), including— (A) the installation at which such implemen-tation assessment is being carried out; (B) a justification for the selection of such in-stallation for purposes of subsection (e); and (C) the elements and requirements of the pilot program being carried out through such imple-mentation assessment, including strategy and metrics for evaluating effectiveness. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the committees speci-fied in paragraph (1) a report on the pilot pro-gram. The report shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive description and assess-ment of each of the implementation assessments under subsection (e). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4090 June 19, 2018 
(B) A comprehensive description and assess-ment of the pilot program. (C) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of pilot program, including recommendations for modifications of the pilot program or extension of the pilot program on an permanent basis at additional locations. (g) I
MPLEMENTATION DEFENSE -WIDE.—If the Secretary determines as a result of the pilot pro-gram that any element of the pilot program is effective, the Secretary shall take appropriate actions to implement the pilot program as a pro-gram throughout and across the military instal-lations of the Department. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘community’’, with respect to a military installation, means the catchment area for community services of the installation, in-cluding services provided on the installation and services provided by State, county, and local jurisdictions in which the installation is located or in the vicinity of the installation. (2) The term ‘‘eligible covered beneficiary’’ means a covered beneficiary (as that term is de-fined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code) who obtains pre-natal and obstetrical care in a military medical treatment facility in connection with a birth covered by the pilot pro-gram. 
SEC. 575. PILOT PROGRAM ON PARTICIPATION OF MILITARY SPOUSES IN TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall carry out a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasability and advisability of permitting military spouses to participate in ac-tivities under the Transition Assistance Program (TAP) under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, on military installations. (b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at not fewer than five military installations selected by the Secretary for pur-poses of the pilot program. (c) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program during the five-year period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) P
ARTICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the pilot program, the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces as-signed to a military installation at which the pilot program is carried out who is participating in activities under the Transition Assistance Program may participate in such activities under the Program as the spouse considers ap-propriate, regardless of whether the member is also participating in such activities at the time of the spouse’s participation. (2) A
DEQUATE FACILITIES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the facilities for the carrying out of activities under the Transition Assistance Program at each installation at which the pilot program is carried out are adequate to permit the participation in such activities of any spouse of a member of the Armed Forces at the installation who seeks to participate in such ac-tivities. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program, including a comprehensive description of the pilot program. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than six months after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive description of the pilot program, including the installations at which the pilot program was carried out and the rates of participation of military spouses in activities under the Transition Assistance Program pursu-ant to the pilot program. (B) Such recommendations for extension or ex-pansion of the pilot program, including making the pilot program permanent, as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot pro-gram. SEC. 576. SMALL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF MILI-TARY SPOUSES ON MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of permitting military spouses to engage in small business ac-tivities on military installations in the United States and in partnership with commissaries, ex-change stores, and other morale, welfare, and recreation facilities of the Armed Forces in the United States. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment shall— (1) take into account the usage by military spouses of installation facilities, utilities, and other resources in the conduct of small business activities on military installations in the United States and such other matters in connection with the conduct of such business activities by military spouses as the Secretary considers ap-propriate; and (2) seek to identify mechanisms to ensure that costs and fees associated with the usage by mili-tary spouses of such facilities, utilities, and other resources in connection with such business activities does not meaningfully curtail or elimi-nate the opportunity for military spouses to profit reasonably from such business activities. Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards 
SEC. 581. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE CROSS FOR JUSTIN T. GALLEGOS FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING OPERATION EN-DURING FREEDOM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limita-tion with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Distinguished Service Cross under section 3742 of such title to Justin T. Gallegos for the acts of valor during Operation Enduring Free-dom described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTION DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor re-ferred to in subsection (a) are the actions of Jus-tin T. Gallegos on October 3, 2009, while serving in the grade of Staff Sergeant in Afghanistan while serving with B Troop, 3d Squadron, 61st Cavalry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division. 
SEC. 582. AWARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COM-MENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS. 
(a) P ROGRAM OF AWARD REQUIRED .—Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a program to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commendations to han-dlers of military working dogs under the juris-diction of such Secretary to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. (b) M
EDALS AND COMMENDATIONS .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) shall be of such design, and include such elements, as the Sec-retary of the military department concerned shall specify. (c) P
RESENTATION AND ACCEPTANCE .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) may be presented to and accepted by the handler concerned on be-half of the handler and the military working dog concerned. (d) R
EGULATIONS .—Medals and commenda-tions shall be awarded under programs under subsection (a) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for pur-poses of this section. Subtitle H—Other Matters SEC. 591. AUTHORITY TO AWARD DAMAGED PER-SONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT TO MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS AS MEMENTOS OF MILITARY SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 152 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2568a. Damaged personal protective equip-ment: award to members separating from the armed forces and veterans ‘‘The Secretary of a military department may award to a member of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of the Secretary who is sepa-rating from the armed forces, and to any vet-eran formerly under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary, demilitarizied personal protective equip-ment (PPE) of the member or veteran that was damaged in combat or otherwise during the de-ployment of the member or veteran. The award of equipment under this section shall be without cost to the member or veteran concerned.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 152 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘2568a. Damaged personal protective equipment: award to members separating from the armed forces and veterans.’’. 
SEC. 592. STANDARDIZATION OF FREQUENCY OF ACADEMY VISITS OF THE AIR FORCE ACADEMY BOARD OF VISITORS WITH ACADEMY VISITS OF BOARDS OF OTHER MILITARY SERVICE ACAD-EMIES. 
Section 9355 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (d) and insert-ing the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Board shall visit the Academy annu-ally. With the approval of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Board or its members may make other visits to the Academy in connection with the duties of the Board or to consult with the Superintendent of the Academy. Board members shall have access to the Academy grounds and the cadets, faculty, staff, and other personnel of the Academy for the purposes of the duties of the Board.’’. 
SEC. 593. REDESIGNATION OF THE COMMANDANT OF THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY AS THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 9314b(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection heading, by striking ‘‘C
OM-
MANDANT ’’ and inserting ‘‘P RESIDENT ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Commandant’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and (3) in the heading of paragraph (3), by strik-ing ‘‘
COMMANDANT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ PRESIDENT ’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Commandant of the United States Air Force Institute of Tech-nology shall be deemed to be a reference to the President of the United States Air Force Insti-tute of Technology. 
SEC. 594. LIMITATION ON JUSTIFICATIONS EN-TERED BY MILITARY RECRUITERS FOR ENLISTMENT OR ACCESSION OF INDIVIDUALS INTO THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In any case in which a database or system maintained by an Armed Force regarding the reasons why individuals elect to enlist or access into the Armed Force provides for military recruiters to select among pre-specified options for reasons for such elec-tion, military recruiters entering data into such database or system may select only among such pre-specified options as reasons for the enlist-ment or accession of any particular individual. (b) M
ILITARY RECRUITER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military recruiter’’ means a person who as the duty to recruit persons into the Armed Forces for military service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4091 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 595. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MILITARY, NATIONAL, AND PUBLIC SERVICE MATTERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 551(c) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2130) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘United States Code)’’ the following: ‘‘or active status (as that term is defined in subsection (d)(4) of such section)’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘national service’’’ and in-serting ‘‘‘public service’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or State Government’’ and in-serting ‘‘, State, Tribal, or local government’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘public service’’’ and insert-ing ‘‘‘national service’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘employment’’ and inserting ‘‘participation’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The term ‘establishment date’ means Sep-tember 19, 2017.’’. (b) E
XCEPTION TO PAPERWORK REDUCTION  A
CT.—Section 555(e) of that Act (130 Stat. 2134) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT .—For pur- poses of developing its recommendations, the in-formation collection of the Commission may be treated as a pilot project under section 3505(a) of title 44, United States Code. In addition, the Commission shall not be subject to the require-ments of section 3506(c)(2)(A) of such title.’’. 
SEC. 596. BURIAL OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS OF IN-MATES AT THE UNITED STATES DIS-CIPLINARY BARRACKS CEMETERY, FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANSAS. 
Section 985 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘A person who is ineligible’’ in the matter preceding para-graph (1) and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (c), a person who is ineligible’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) U
NCLAIMED REMAINS OF MILITARY PRIS-
ONERS .—Subsection (b) shall not preclude the burial at the United States Disciplinary Bar-racks Cemetery at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, of a military prisoner, including a military pris-oner who is a person described in section 2411(b) of title 38, who dies while in custody of a mili-tary department and whose remains are not claimed by the person authorized to direct dis-position of the remains or by other persons le-gally authorized to dispose of the remains.’’. 
SEC. 597. SPACE-AVAILABLE TRAVEL ON DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AIRCRAFT FOR VETERANS WITH SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) Subject to subsection (f), veterans with a permanent service-connected disability rated as total.’’. (b) C
ONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .—Such sec- tion is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) V
ETERANS WITHSERVICE -CONNECTED DIS-
ABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL.—(1) Travel may not be provided under this section to a veteran eligi-ble for travel pursuant to subsection (c)(4) in priority over any member eligible for travel under subsection (c)(1) or any dependent of such a member eligible for travel under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) The authority in subsection (c)(4) may not be construed as affecting or in any way im-posing on the Department of Defense, any armed force, or any commercial company with which they contract an obligation or expecta-tion that they will retrofit or alter, in any way, military aircraft or commercial aircraft, or re-lated equipment or facilities, used or leased by the Department or such armed force to accom-modate passengers provided travel under such authority on account of disability. ‘‘(3) The authority in subsection (c)(4) may not be construed as preempting the authority of a flight commander to determine who boards the aircraft and any other matters in connection with safe operation of the aircraft.’’. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances SEC. 601. FISCAL YEAR 2019 INCREASE IN MILI-TARY BASIC PAY. 
(a) W AIVER OF SECTION 1009 A DJUSTMENT .— The adjustment to become effective during fiscal year 2019 required by section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized members of the uniformed services shall not be made. (b) I
NCREASE IN BASICPAY.—Effective on Jan-uary 1, 2019, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services are increased by 2.6 percent. 
SEC. 602. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR PAYMENT OF PERSONAL MONEY ALLOWANCES TO NAVY OFFICERS SERVING IN CER-TAIN POSITIONS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 414 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on December 31, 2018, and shall apply with respect to per-sonal money allowances payable under section 414 of title 37, United States Code, for years be-ginning after that date. 
SEC. 603. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROPOSAL FOR A PAY TABLE FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES USING STEPS IN GRADE BASED ON TIME IN GRADE RATHER THAN TIME IN SERVICE. 
(a) P ROPOSAL REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report setting forth a proposal for a pay table for members of the Armed Forces that uses steps in grade for each pay grade based on time of service within such pay grade rather than on time of service in the Armed Forces as a whole. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT .—Not later than April 1, 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth an assessment by the Comptroller General of the proposed pay table required pursuant to sub-section (a), including an assessment of the ef-fects of using the proposed pay table, rather than the current pay table for members of the Armed Forces, on recruitment and retention of members of the Armed Forces as a whole and on recruitment and retention of members of the Armed Forces with particular sets of skills (in-cluding cyber and other technical skills). 
SEC. 604. FINANCIAL SUPPORT FOR LESSORS UNDER THE MILITARY HOUSING PRI-VATIZATION INITIATIVE DURING 2019. 
(a) S UPPORT AUTHORIZED .—Subject to sub-section (c), for each month during 2019, the Sec-retary of Defense may pay to a lessor of covered housing up to 2 percent of the amount cal-culated under section 403(b)(3)(A)(i) of title 37, United States Code, for the area in which the covered housing exists for each member to whom such lessor leases covered housing for such month. (b) COVERED HOUSING .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered housing’’ means a unit of hous-ing— (1) acquired or constructed under the alter-native authority of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code (known as the Military Housing Privatization Initiative); (2) that is leased to a member of a uniformed service who resides in such unit; and (3) for which the lessor charges such member rent that equals or exceeds the amount cal-culated under section 403(b)(3)(A) of title 37, United States Code. (c) S
UPPORT CONTINGENT ON NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not make payments to a lessor for particular covered housing in 2019 authorized by subsection (a) until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a notice on such payments. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The notice on payments to a lessor for particular covered housing in 2019 for purposes of paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A documented request from the lessor for additional funding in connection with such housing and endorsed by the commander of the military installation concerned. (B) A description of the formula to be used by the Secretary to calculate the amount of such payments. (C) A description of the current financial con-dition of the lessor in connection with such housing, including the following: (i) The current debt coverage ratio of the les-sor for such housing. (ii) An assessment of the lessor’s ability to fund future sustainment costs for such housing in the absence of payments as described in sub-section (a). (iii) An assessment of whether any earnings for the lessor from other covered housing, if any, can offset predicted shortfalls in funding for such housing. (D) An assessment of the effects, if any, of re-cent reductions in basic allowance for housing on the financial viability of such housing for the lessor. (E) A plan to ensure the long-term financial stability of such housing. (F) A recommendation whether the contract between the lessor and government for such housing area should be retained without modi-fication, or modified, to ensure long-term finan-cial viability of such housing. 
SEC. 605. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF PRESIDENT TO DETERMINE ALTER-NATIVE PAY ADJUSTMENT IN AN-NUAL BASIC PAY OF MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .—Section 1009(e) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or serious economic conditions affecting the general wel-fare’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and— (1) if the date of the enactment of this Act oc-curs before September 1 of a year, shall apply with respect to plans for alternative pay adjust-ments for any year beginning after such year; and (2) if the date of the enactment of this Act oc-curs after August 31 of a year, shall apply with respect to plans for alternative pay adjustments for any year beginning after the year following such year. 
SEC. 606. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR HIGH-DEPLOYMENT ALLOWANCE FOR LENGTHY OR NU-MEROUS DEPLOYMENTS AND FRE-QUENT MOBILIZATIONS. 
Section 436(a)(2)(C)(ii) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4092 June 19, 2018 
‘‘under’’ the first place it appears the following: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
SEC. 607. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR NONREDUCTION IN PAY WHILE SERVING IN THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES OR NATIONAL GUARD. 
Section 5538(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting after ‘‘under’’ the following: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
SEC. 608. TEMPORARY ADJUSTMENT IN RATE OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING FOLLOWING IDENTIFICATION OF SIGNIFICANT UNDERDETERMINA-TION OF CIVILIAN HOUSING COSTS FOR HOUSING AREAS. 
Section 403(b) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8)(A) Under the authority of this para-graph, the Secretary of Defense may prescribe a temporary adjustment in the current rates of basic allowance for housing for a military hous-ing area or portion of a military housing area if the Secretary determines that the actual costs of adequate housing for civilians in that military housing area or portion thereof differ from such current rates of basic allowance for housing by an amount in excess of 20 percent of such cur-rent rates of basic allowance for housing. ‘‘(B) Any temporary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under this paragraph shall remain in effect only until the next annual adjustment in rates of basic allowance for hous-ing under this subsection by law. ‘‘(C) This paragraph shall cease to be effective on December 31, 2019.’’. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN EX-PIRING BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITIES. 
(a) A UTHORITIES RELATING TO TITLE 37 C ON-
SOLIDATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND B
ONUS AUTHORITIES .—The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus authority for enlisted members. (2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus authority for officers. (3) Section 334(i), relating to special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. (4) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. (5) Section 336(g), relating to contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. (6) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty pay. (7) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay or special duty pay. (8) Section 353(i), relating to skill incentive pay or proficiency bonus. (9) Section 355(h), relating to retention incen-tives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. (b) A
UTHORITIES RELATING TORESERVE  F
ORCES .—Section 910(g) of title 37, United States Code, relating to income replacement payments for reserve component members experiencing ex-tended and frequent mobilization for active duty service, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (c) T
ITLE 10 A UTHORITIES RELATING TO  H
EALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS .—The following sections of title 10, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse offi-cer candidate accession program. (2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. (d) A
UTHORITIES RELATING TO NUCLEAR OFFI-
CERS.—Section 333(i) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (e) AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE TEMPORARY IN-
CREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR  H
OUSING .—Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits 
SEC. 621. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS IN CALCULA-TION AND PUBLICATION OF SPECIAL SURVIVOR INDEMNITY ALLOWANCE COST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) M ONTHS FOR WHICH ADJUSTMENT APPLICA -
BLE.—Paragraph (2) of section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber’’ and inserting ‘‘November’’; and (2) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘for months during any calendar year after 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for months after November 2018’’. (b) C
OST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Paragraph (6) of such section is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
AFTER 2018 ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AFTER NOVEMBER  
2018’’; and (2) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever retired pay is in-creased for a month under section 1401a of this title (or any other provision of law), the amount of the allowance payable under paragraph (1) for that month shall also be increased. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF INCREASE .—With respect to an eligible survivor of a member of the uni-formed services, the increase for a month shall be— ‘‘(i) the amount payable pursuant to para-graph (2) for months during the preceding 12- month period; plus ‘‘(ii) an amount equal to a percentage of the amount determined pursuant to clause (i), which percentage is the percentage by which the retired pay of the member would have increased for the month, as described in subparagraph (A), if the member was alive (and otherwise en-titled to such pay). ‘‘(C) R
OUNDING DOWN .—The monthly amount of an allowance payable under this subsection, if not a multiple of $1, shall be rounded to the next lower multiple of $1. ‘‘(D) P
UBLIC NOTICE ON AMOUNT OF ALLOW -
ANCE PAYABLE .—Whenever an increase in the amount of the allowance payable under para-graph (1) is made pursuant to this paragraph, the Secretary of Defense shall publish the amount of the allowance so payable by reason of such increase, including the months for which payable.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on December 1, 2018. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 631. RATES OF PER DIEM FOR LONG-TERM TEMPORARY DUTY ASSIGNMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT ON COST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS OF NO-
VEMBER 2014 C HANGE OF POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth an analysis, conducted by the Secretary for pur-poses of the report, of the costs and benefits of the change in policy of the Department of De-fense on rates of per diem for long-term tem-porary duty assignments that took effect on No-vember 1, 2014. The study shall be consistent with the principles and requirements of Office of Management and Budget Circular A–94. (2) E
LEMENT ASSESSING COST -BENEFIT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall specify, in par-ticular, whether or not the benefits of the change in policy described in that paragraph have outweighed and will continue to outweigh the costs of the change of policy. (b) CONTINGENT REVERSION TO PRIOR POL-
ICY.— (1) L
ACK OF REPORT .—If the report required by subsection (a)(1) is not submitted to the com-mittees of Congress referred to in that subsection by the contingency date, effective as of the con-tingency date, the policy of the Department on rates of per diem for long-term temporary duty assignments shall be the policy as in effect as of October 31, 2014. (2) F
INDING OF COSTS OUTWEIGHING BENE -
FITS.—If the specification in the report as re-quired by subsection (a)(2) is that the benefits of the change in policy described in subsection (a)(1) have not outweighed or will not continue to outweigh the costs of the change of policy, ef-fective as of the date of the report, the policy of the Department on rates of per diem for long- term temporary duty assignments shall be the policy as in effect as of October 31, 2014. (3) C
ONTINGENCY DATE DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘contingency date’’ means the date that is 120 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 632. PROHIBITION ON PER DIEM ALLOW-ANCE REDUCTIONS BASED ON THE DURATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY AS-SIGNMENT OR CIVILIAN TRAVEL. 
(a) M EMBERS .—Section 474(d)(3) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of a military department shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the max-imum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the temporary duty as-signment in the locality of a member of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary.’’. (b) C
IVILIAN EMPLOYEES .—Section 5702(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the max-imum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the travel in the local-ity of an employee of the Department.’’. (c) R
EPEALS .— (1) E
XISTING POLICY AND REGULATIONS .—The policy, and any regulations issued pursuant to such policy, implemented by the Secretary of Defense on November 1, 2014, with respect to re-ductions in per diem allowances based on dura-tion of temporary duty assignment or civilian travel shall have no force or effect. (2) A
TTEMPTED STATUTORY FIX .—Section 672 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 37 U.S.C. 474 note; 130 Stat. 2178) is repealed. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits 
SEC. 701. CONSOLIDATION OF COST-SHARING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER TRICARE SE-LECT AND TRICARE PRIME. 
(a) TRICARE S ELECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1075 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the retired category other than beneficiaries described in paragraph (2)(B), the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated pursuant to subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(2)(A) With respect to beneficiaries described in subparagraph (B) in the active-duty family member category or the retired category, the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated as if the beneficiary were enrolled in TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard as if TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard, as the case may be, were still being carried out by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this subpara-graph are the following beneficiaries: ‘‘(i) Retired members and the family members of such retired members covered by section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4093 June 19, 2018 
1086(c)(1) of this title by reason of being retired under chapter 61 of this title or being a depend-ent of such a retired member. ‘‘(ii) Survivors covered by section 1086(c)(2) of this title.’’; (B) by striking subsection (e); and (C) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (d)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘, and the amounts specified under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (e),’’. (b) TRICARE P
RIME.—Section 1075a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the retired category (as described in section 1075(b)(1) of this title) other than beneficiaries described in paragraph (3)(B), the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated pursuant to subsection (b)(1).’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this subpara-graph are the following beneficiaries: ‘‘(i) Retired members and the family members of such retired members covered by section 1086(c)(1) of this title by reason of being retired under chapter 61 of this title or being a depend-ent of such a retired member. ‘‘(ii) Survivors covered by section 1086(c)(2) of this title.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 702. ADMINISTRATION OF TRICARE DENTAL PLANS THROUGH THE FEDERAL EM-PLOYEES DENTAL INSURANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL BENEFICIARIES  U
NDER THE FEDERAL EMPLOYEES DENTAL INSUR-
ANCE PROGRAM .—Section 8951(8) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘1076c’’ and inserting ‘‘1076a or 1076c’’. (b) A
DMINISTRATION OF TRICARE D ENTAL  P
LANS.—Subsection (b) of section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF PLANS.—The plans established under this section shall be adminis-tered by the Secretary of Defense through an agreement with the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management to allow persons described in subsection (a) to enroll in an insurance plan under chapter 89A of title 5, in accordance with terms prescribed by the Secretary, including terms, to the extent practical, as defined by the Director through regulation, consistent with subsection (d) and, to the extent practicable in relation to such chapter 89A, other provisions of this section.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to the first contract year for chapter 89A of title 5, United States Code, that begins on or after January 1, 2022. (d) T
RANSITION .—To ensure the successful transition of programs, in carrying out the TRICARE dental program under section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the contractor for such program provides claims information under such program to carriers providing dental cov-erage under chapter 89A of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 703. CONTRACEPTION COVERAGE PARITY UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074d(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘(in-cluding all methods of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration, contra-ceptive care (including with respect to insertion, removal, and follow up), sterilization proce-dures, and patient education and counseling in connection therewith)’’. (b) PROHIBITION ON COST-SHARING FOR CER-
TAIN SERVICES .— (1) TRICARE 
SELECT .—Section 1075(c) of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For all beneficiaries under this section, there is no cost-sharing for any method of con-traception provided by a network provider.’’. (2) TRICARE 
PRIME .—Section 1075a(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) For all beneficiaries under this section, there is no cost-sharing for any method of con-traception provided by a network provider.’’. (3) P
HARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM .—Section 1074g(a)(6) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A) and (B), there is no cost-sharing for any prescription contraceptive on the uniform formulary pro-vided by a network retail pharmacy provider or the mail order pharmacy program.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 704. PILOT PROGRAM ON OPIOID MANAGE-MENT IN THE MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Health Agency shall implement a comprehensive pilot program to minimize early opioid exposure in beneficiaries under the TRICARE program and to prevent progression to misuse or abuse of opioid medica-tions. (2) O
PIOID SAFETY ACROSS CONTINUUM OF  
CARE.—The pilot program shall include elements to maximize opioid safety across the entire con-tinuum of care consisting of patient, physician or dentist, and pharmacist. (b) E
LEMENTS OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The pilot program shall include the following: (1) Identification of potential opioid misuse or abuse in pharmacies of military treatment facili-ties, retail network pharmacies, and the home delivery pharmacy and transmission of alerts re-garding such potential mistreatment to opioid prescribing physicians or dentists. (2) Direct engagement with, education for, and management of beneficiaries under the TRICARE program to help such beneficiaries avoid opioid misuse or abuse. (3) Provision of in-home disposal kits to de-activate excess opioids and prevent unauthor-ized use. (4) Proactive outreach by specialist phar-macists to such beneficiaries when identifying potential opioid misuse or abuse. (5) Monitoring of such beneficiaries through the use of predictive analytics to identify the potential for abuse and addiction before such beneficiaries begin an opioid prescription. (6) Detection of fraud, waste, and abuse. (c) R
EPORT ON PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days be-fore completion of the pilot program, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that describes the conduct of the pilot program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the pilot program, includ-ing outcome measures developed to determine the overall effectiveness of the pilot program. (B) A description of the ability of the pilot program to identify opioid misuse and abuse among beneficiaries under the TRICARE pro-gram in each pharmacy venue of the pharmacy program of the military health system. (C) A description of the impact of the use of predictive analytics to monitor such bene-ficiaries to identify the potential for opioid abuse and addiction before such beneficiaries begin an opioid prescription. (D) A description of any reduction in the mis-use or abuse of opioid medications among such beneficiaries as a result of the pilot program. (d) DURATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the Director shall carry out the pilot program for a period of not more than three years. (2) E
XPANSION .—The Director may implement the pilot program on a permanent basis if the Director determines that the pilot program suc-cessfully reduces early opioid exposure in bene-ficiaries under the TRICARE program and pre-vents progression to misuse or abuse of opioid medications. (e) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 705. PILOT PROGRAM ON TREATMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER RELATED TO MILITARY SEX-UAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to assess the fea-sibility and advisability of using intensive out-patient programs to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post-traumatic stress dis-order resulting from military sexual trauma, in-cluding treatment for substance abuse, depres-sion, and other issues related to such condi-tions. (b) D
ISCHARGE THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS .—The pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall be carried out through partnerships with public, private, and non-profit health care organiza-tions and institutions that— (1) provide health care to members of the Armed Forces; (2) provide evidence-based treatment for psy-chological and neurological conditions that are common among members of the Armed Forces, including post-traumatic stress disorder, trau-matic brain injury, substance abuse, and de-pression; (3) provide health care, support, and other benefits to family members of members of the Armed Forces; and (4) provide health care under the TRICARE program (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code). (c) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—Each organization or institution that participates in a partnership under the pilot program authorized by sub-section (a) shall— (1) carry out intensive outpatient programs of short duration to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post-traumatic stress dis-order resulting from military sexual trauma, in-cluding treatment for substance abuse, depres-sion, and other issues related to such condi-tions; (2) use evidence-based and evidence-informed treatment strategies in carrying out such pro-grams; (3) share clinical and outreach best practices with other organizations and institutions par-ticipating in the pilot program; and (4) annually assess outcomes for members of the Armed Forces individually and among the organizations and institutions participating in the pilot program with respect to the treatment of conditions described in paragraph (1). (d) E
VALUATION METRICS .—Before commence-ment of the pilot program, the Secretary shall establish metrics to be used to evaluate the ef-fectiveness of the pilot program and the activi-ties under the pilot program. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program authorized by subsection (a). The report shall include a description of the pilot program and such other matters on the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the cessation of the pilot program under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4094 June 19, 2018 
subsection (f), the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in paragraph (1) a report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) A description of the pilot program, includ-ing the partnership under the pilot program as described in subsection (b). (B) An assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot program and the activities under the pilot program. (C) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, in-cluding recommendations for extension or mak-ing permanent the authority for the pilot pro-gram. (f) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may not carry out the pilot program authorized by sub-section (a) after the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 711. IMPROVEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION OF DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY AND MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) In addition to the responsibilities set forth in paragraph (1), the Director of the De-fense Health Agency shall have the authority— ‘‘(A) to direct, control, and serve as the pri-mary rater of the performance of commanders or directors of military medical treatment facilities; ‘‘(B) to direct and control any intermediary organizations between the Defense Health Agen-cy and military medical treatment facilities; ‘‘(C) to determine the scope of medical care provided at each military medical treatment fa-cility to meet the military personnel readiness requirements of the senior military operational commander of the military installation; ‘‘(D) to determine total workforce require-ments at each military medical treatment facil-ity; ‘‘(E) to direct joint manning at military med-ical treatment facilities and intermediary orga-nizations; ‘‘(F) to establish training and skills sustainment venues for military medical per-sonnel; ‘‘(G) to address personnel staffing shortages at military medical treatment facilities; and ‘‘(H) to approve service nominations for com-manders or directors of military medical treat-ment facilities.’’. (b) C
OMBAT SUPPORT RESPONSIBILITIES .—Sub- section (d)(2) of such section is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) Ensuring that the Defense Health Agen-cy meets the military personnel readiness re-quirements of the senior military operational commanders of the military installations.’’. 
SEC. 712. ORGANIZATIONAL FRAMEWORK OF THE MILITARY HEALTHCARE SYSTEM TO SUPPORT MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) O RGANIZATIONAL FRAMEWORK RE-
QUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Director of the Defense Health Agency, implement an organizational frame-work for the military healthcare system that most effectively implements chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, in a manner that maxi-mizes interoperability and fully integrates med-ical capabilities of the Armed Forces in order to enhance joint military medical operations in support of requirements of the combatant com-mands. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) C
OMMENCEMENT .—Implementation of the organizational framework required by sub-section (a) shall commence not later than Octo-ber 1, 2018. (2) PHASED IMPLEMENTATION .—Implementa-tion of the organizational framework may occur in phases, as considered appropriate by the Di-rector. (3) C
OMPLETION .—The organizational frame-work shall be fully implemented by not later than October 1, 2020. (4) C
OMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The organizational framework, as im-plemented, shall comply with all requirements of section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, ex-cept for the October 1, 2018, implementation date specified in such section. (c) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS IN CONUS R E-
QUIRED .—The organizational framework re-quired by subsection (a) shall meet the require-ments as follows: (1) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS .—There shall be not more than three health-readiness regions established in the continental United States. (2) L
EADER .—Each region under paragraph (1) shall be led by a commander or director who is a member of the Armed Forces serving in a grade not higher than major general or rear ad-miral and who shall be— (A) selected by the Director from among mem-bers of the Armed Forces recommended by the military departments for service in such posi-tion; and (B) under the authority, direction, and con-trol of the Director while serving in such posi-tion. (3) R
EGIONAL HUBS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each region under para-graph (1) shall include a major military medical center designated by the Director to serve as the regional hub for the provision of specialized medical services in such region. (B) C
APABILITIES .—A major medical center may not be designated as a regional hub unless the center— (i) includes one or more large graduate med-ical education training platforms; and (ii) provides, at a minimum, role 4 medical care. (C) L
OCATION .—Any major medical center des-ignated as a regional hub of a region shall be geographically located so as to maximize the support provided by uniformed medical re-sources in the region to the combatant com-mands. In designating major medical centers as a regional hub, the Director shall give consider-ation to the collocation of such centers with major aerial debarkation points of patients in the medical evacuation system of the United States Transportation Command. (D) M
AJOR HEALTH CARE DELIVERY PLAT -
FORM .—A major medical center designated as a regional hub of a region shall serve as the major health care delivery platform for the provision of complex specialized medical care in the re-gion, whether through patient referrals from other military medical treatment facilities in the region or through referrals from other regions in the case of certain specialized medical services (such as treatment for severe burns) which may only be available at a military medical treat-ment facility within the region. (4) A
DDITIONAL MILITARY MEDICAL CENTERS .— Consistent with section 1073d of title 10, United States Code, each region under paragraph (1) may include one or more additional military medical centers, whether established or main-tained by the Director for purposes of this sec-tion, in order to serve locations in the region, if any, as follows: (A) Locations with large beneficiary popu-lations. (B) Locations that serve as the primary readi-ness platforms of the Armed Forces. (5) P
ATIENT REFERRALS AND COORDINATION .— The Director shall ensure effective and efficient medical care referrals and coordination among military medical treatment facilities in each re-gion under paragraph (1), and among local or regional high-performing health systems in the region, through local or regional partnerships with institutional or individual civilian pro-viders. (d) HEALTH -READINESS REGIONS OCONUS R E-
QUIRED .—The organizational framework re-quired by subsection (a) shall meet the require-ments as follows: (1) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS .—There shall be established not more than two health-readi-ness regions outside the continental United States— (A) to enhance joint military medical oper-ations in support of the requirements of the combatant commands in such region or regions, with a specific focus on existing and future con-tingency and operational plans; (B) to ensure the provision of high-quality healthcare services to beneficiaries; and (C) to improve the interoperability of healthcare delivery systems in regions (whether under this subsection, subsection (c), or both). (2) P
ATIENT REFERRALS AND COORDINATION .— The Director shall ensure effective and efficient medical care referrals and coordination among military medical treatment facilities in any re-gion under paragraph (1), and among local or regional high-performing health systems in such region. (e) P
LANNING AND COORDINATION .— (1) S
USTAINMENT OF CLINICAL COMPETENCIES  
AND STAFFING .—The Director shall— (A) provide in each health-readiness region under this section healthcare delivery venues for uniformed medical and dental personnel to obtain operational clinical competencies; and (B) coordinate with the military departments to ensure that staffing at military medical treat-ment facilities in each region supports readiness requirements for members of the Armed Forces and military medical personnel. (2) O
VERSIGHT AND ALLOCATION OF RE -
SOURCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall, con-sistent with section 193 of title 10, United States Code, coordinate with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, through the Joint Staff Surgeon, to conduct oversight and direct resources to sup-port requirements related to readiness or oper-ational medicine support that are validated by the Joint Staff. (B) S
UPPLY AND DEMAND FOR MEDICAL SERV -
ICES.—Based on operational medical force readi-ness requirements of the combatant commands validated by the Joint Staff, the Director shall— (i) validate supply and demand requirements for medical and dental services at each military medical treatment facility; (ii) in coordination with the operational med-ical force readiness organizations required by subsection (f)(1), provide currency workload for uniformed medical and dental personnel at each facility to maintain skills proficiency; and (iii) if workload is insufficient to meet require-ments, identify alternative training and clinical practice sites for uniformed medical and dental personnel, and establish military-civilian train-ing partnerships, to provide such workload. (f) O
PERATIONAL MEDICAL FORCE READINESS  O
RGANIZATIONS OF THE ARMED FORCES .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned, establish in each military de-partment an operational medical force readiness organization in accordance with this subsection. (2) L
EADER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each operational medical force readiness organization established under paragraph (1) shall be led by the Surgeon Gen-eral of an Armed Force. (B) C
ONSTRUCTION OF DUTIES .—The duties of a Surgeon General under this paragraph as leader of an operational medical force readiness organization are in addition to the duties of such Surgeon General under section 3036, 5137, or 8036 of title 10, United States Code, as appli-cable. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of an operational medical force readiness organiza-tion are limited to the responsibilities as follows: (A) To recruit, organize, train, and equip uni-formed medical and dental personnel of the mili-tary department concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4095 June 19, 2018 
(B) To assign uniformed medical and dental personnel of the military department concerned to military medical treatment facilities for train-ing activities specific to such military depart-ment and for operational and training missions, during which assignment such personnel shall be under the operational control of the com-mander or director of the military medical treat-ment facility concerned, subject to the author-ity, direction, and control of the Director. (C) To ensure the readiness for operational deployment of medical and dental personnel and deployable medical or dental teams or units of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (D) To provide logistical support for oper-ational deployment of medical and dental per-sonnel and deployable medical or dental teams or units of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (E) To oversee the mobilization and demobili-zation in connection with operational deploy-ment of medical and dental personnel of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (F) To carry out operational medical and den-tal force development for the military depart-ment concerned. (G) In coordination with the Secretary con-cerned, to ensure that the operational medical force readiness organizations of the Armed Forces support the medical and dental readiness responsibilities of the Director and the Secretary concerned. (4) M
EDICAL FORCE REQUIREMENTS OF COM -
BATANT COMMANDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each operational medical force readiness organization shall ensure that the uniformed medical and dental personnel serving in the military department concerned re-ceive training and clinical practice opportuni-ties necessary to ensure that such personnel are capable of meeting the operational medical force requirements of the combatant commands appli-cable to such personnel. Such training and practice opportunities shall be provided through programs and activities of the Defense Health Agency and by such other mechanisms as the Secretary shall designate for purposes of this paragraph. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The commanders of the combatant commands shall apprise operational medical force readiness organizations of the operational medical force requirements of the combatant commands through the Joint Staff. (5) N
O COMMAND AUTHORITY .—An operational medical force readiness organization established under paragraph (1) shall have no command au-thority. (g) D
ISESTABLISHMENT OF SUPERSEDED MED-
ICALORGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date on which the Secretary of Defense establishes an operational medical force readiness organization within a military department pursuant to sub-section (f), the Secretary of Defense shall, act-ing through the Secretary of such military de-partment concerned, disestablish the following: (A) In the case of the Army, the Army Medical Command, and any associated subordinate com-mand or organization. (B) In the case of the Navy, the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery of the Navy, and any as-sociated subordinate command or organization. (C) In the case of the Air Force, the Air Force Medical Service, and any associated subordinate command or organization. (2) T
RANSFER OF PERSONNEL AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .—Any personnel authorization of a com-mand or organization disestablished pursuant to paragraph (1) as of the date of disestablishment may be transferred by the Secretary to the De-fense Health Agency or any other organization of the Department of Defense considered appro-priate by the Secretary, including an oper-ational medical force readiness organization under subsection (f). 
SEC. 713. STREAMLINING OF TRICARE PRIME BENEFICIARY REFERRAL PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall streamline the process under section 1095f of title 10, United States Code, by which bene-ficiaries enrolled in TRICARE Prime are re-ferred to the civilian provider network for inpa-tient or outpatient care under the TRICARE program. (b) OBJECTIVES .—In carrying out the require-ment in subsection (a), the Secretary shall meet the following objectives: (1) The referral process shall model best indus-try practices for referrals from primary care managers to specialty care providers. (2) The process shall strictly limit administra-tive requirements for enrolled beneficiaries, rely-ing instead on communications among providers and care coordinators to arrange appointments within applicable access to care scheduling time standards. (3) Beneficiary preferences for communica-tions relating to appointment referrals using state-of-the-art information technology shall be used to expedite the process. (4) There shall be effective and efficient proc-esses to determine the availability of appoint-ments at military medical treatment facilities and, when unavailable, to make prompt refer-rals to network providers under the TRICARE program. (5) There shall be no right-of-first refusal re-quirement under the process. (c) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The re- quirement in subsection (a) shall be implemented for referrals under TRICARE Prime in calendar year 2019. (d) E
VALUATION AND IMPROVEMENT .—After 2019, the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the process described in sub-section (a) not less often annually; and (2) make appropriate improvements to the process in light of such evaluation. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘TRICARE program’’ and ‘‘TRICARE Prime’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 714. SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH STATE PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074g of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection (g): ‘‘(g) S
HARING OF INFORMATION WITHSTATE P
RESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAMS .— (1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish and maintain a program (to be known as the ‘Mili-tary Health System Prescription Drug Moni-toring Program’) in accordance with this sub-section. The program shall include a special em-phasis on drugs provided through facilities of the uniformed services. ‘‘(2) The program shall be— ‘‘(A) comparable to prescription drug moni-toring programs operated by States, including such programs approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g– 3); and ‘‘(B) applicable to designated controlled sub-stance prescriptions under the pharmacy bene-fits program. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall establish appro-priate procedures for the bi-directional sharing of patient-specific information regarding pre-scriptions for designated controlled substances between the program and State prescription drug monitoring programs. ‘‘(B) The purpose of sharing of information under this paragraph shall be to prevent misuse and diversion of opioid medications and other designated controlled substances. ‘‘(C) Any disclosure of patient-specific infor-mation by the Secretary under this paragraph is an authorized disclosure for purposes of the health information privacy regulations promul-gated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104– 191). ‘‘(4)(A) Any procedures developed pursuant to paragraph (3)(A) shall include appropriate safe-guards, as determined by the Secretary, con-cerning cyber security of Department of Defense systems and operational security of Department personnel. ‘‘(B) To the extent the Secretary considers ap-propriate, the program may be treated as com-parable to a State program for purposes of bi-di-rectional sharing of controlled substance pre-scription information. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection, any ref-erence to a program operated by a State in-cludes any program operated by a county, mu-nicipality, or other subdivision within that State.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1079(q) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 1074g(g)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1074g(h)’’. 
SEC. 715. IMPROVEMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF ENTI-TIES CARRYING OUT STATE VAC-CINATION PROGRAMS IN CONNEC-TION WITH VACCINES PROVIDED TO COVERED BENEFICIARIES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 719(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1074g note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for the cost of vaccines provided to covered beneficiaries through such program’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to pur-chase vaccines provided’’ and inserting ‘‘in making vaccines available’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘to pro-vide vaccines’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘with respect to a State vaccination program may not exceed the amount the Department would reimburse an en-tity for making vaccines available to the number of covered beneficiaries who reside in the State concerned.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF LIMITATION .—Sub- paragraph (B) shall not apply to amounts as-sessed by entities that provide independent verification that the assessments of such entities are below the costs of the private sector in mak-ing vaccines available.’’. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 721. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-ICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as amended by section 722 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), section 723 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), section 741(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), and section 719 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 722. INCREASE IN NUMBER OF APPOINTED MEMBERS OF THE HENRY M. JACK-SON FOUNDATION FOR THE AD-VANCEMENT OF MILITARY MEDI-CINE. 
Section 178(c)(1)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘four members’’ and inserting ‘‘six members’’. 
SEC. 723. CESSATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR MENTAL HEALTH ASSESSMENT OF MEMBERS AFTER REDEPLOYMENT FROM A CONTINGENCY OPERATION UPON DISCHARGE OR RELEASE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1074m of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4096 June 19, 2018 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘Once’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (d), once’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (D) of subsection (a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 724. PILOT PROGRAM ON EARNING BY SPE-CIAL OPERATIONS FORCES MEDICS OF CREDITS TOWARDS A PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT DEGREE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs shall conduct a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of partnerships between special operations forces and institutions of higher education, and health care systems if determined appropriate by the Assistant Secretary for purposes of the pilot program, through which special operations forces medics earn credit toward the master’s de-gree of physician assistant for military oper-ational work and training performed by the medics. (b) D
URATION .—The Assistant Secretary shall conduct the pilot program for a period not to ex-ceed five years. (c) C
LINICAL TRAINING .—Partnerships under subsection (a) shall permit medics participating in the pilot program to conduct clinical training at medical facilities of the Department of De-fense and the civilian sector. (d) E
VALUATION .—The evaluation of work and training performed by medics for which credits are earned under the pilot program shall comply with civilian clinical evaluation standards ap-plicable to the awarding of master’s degrees of physician assistant. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representative a report that shall in-clude the following: (A) A comprehensive framework for the mili-tary education to be provided to special oper-ations forces medics under the pilot program, in-cluding courses of instruction at institutions of higher education and any health care systems participating in the pilot program. (B) Metrics to be used to assess the effective-ness of the pilot program. (C) A description of the mechanisms to be used by the Department, medics, or both to cover the costs of education received by medics under the pilot program through institutions of higher education or health care systems, including payment by the Department in return for a mili-tary service commitment, tuition or other edu-cational assistance by the Department, use by medics of post-9/11 educational assistance avail-able through the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and any other mechanisms the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the pilot program. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after completion of the pilot program, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a final report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) An evaluation of the pilot program using the metrics of assessment set forth pursuant to paragraph (1)(B). (B) An assessment of the utility of the funding mechanisms set forth pursuant to paragraph (1)(C). (C) An assessment of the effects of the pilot program on recruitment and retention of medics for special operations forces. (D) An assessment of the feasibility and advis-ability of extending one or more authorities for joint professional military education under chapter 107 of title 10, United States Code, to warrant officers or enlisted personnel, and if the Secretary considers the extension of any such authorities feasible and advisable, recommenda-tions for legislative or administrative action to so extend such authorities. (f) CONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— (1) authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government to create, endorse, or other-wise incentivize a particular curriculum or de-gree track; or (2) require, direct, review, or control a State or educational institution, or the instructional content, curriculum, and related activities of a State or educational institution. 
SEC. 725. PILOT PROGRAM ON PARTNERSHIPS WITH CIVILIAN ORGANIZATIONS FOR SPECIALIZED MEDICAL TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to assess the fea-sibility and advisability of establishing partner-ships with public, private, and non-profit orga-nizations and institutions to provide short-term specialized medical training to advance the med-ical skills and capabilities of military medical providers. (b) D
URATION .—The Secretary may carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) for a pe-riod of not more than three years. (c) E
VALUATION METRICS .—Before com-mencing the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall establish metrics to be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot pro-gram. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days be-fore the commencement of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall include a description of the pilot program, the evaluation metrics established under subsection (c), and such other matters re-lating to the pilot program as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (2) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall include the following: (i) A description of the pilot program, includ-ing the partnerships established under the pilot program as described in subsection (a). (ii) An assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot program. (iii) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, in-cluding recommendations for extending or mak-ing permanent the authority for the pilot pro-gram. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Defense for the Defense Health Program for education and training shall be increased by $2,500,000. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount of the in-crease of the authorization under paragraph (1) shall be available to carry out this section and shall remain available for obligation until the completion of the pilot program under this sec-tion. 
SEC. 726. REGISTRY OF INDIVIDUALS EXPOSED TO PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES ON MILITARY INSTAL-LATIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) establish and maintain a registry for eligi-ble individuals who may have been exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘PFAS’’) due to the environ-mental release of aqueous film-forming foam (in this section referred to as ‘‘AFFF’’) on military installations to meet the requirements of mili-tary specification MIL–F–24385F; (B) include any information in such registry that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs deter-mines necessary to ascertain and monitor the health effects of the exposure of members of the Armed Forces to PFAS associated with AFFF; (C) develop a public information campaign to inform eligible individuals about the registry, including how to register and the benefits of registering; and (D) periodically notify eligible individuals of significant developments in the study and treat-ment of conditions associated with exposure to PFAS. (2) COORDINATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall coordinate with the Secretary of Defense in carrying out paragraph (1). (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date on which the registry under sub-section (a) is established, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit to Congress an initial report containing the following: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of ac-tions taken by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense to collect and maintain information on the health effects of exposure to PFAS. (B) Recommendations to improve the collec-tion and maintenance of such information. (C) Using established and previously pub-lished epidemiological studies, recommendations regarding the most effective and prudent means of addressing the medical needs of eligible indi-viduals with respect to exposure to PFAS. (2) F
OLLOW -UP REPORT .—Not later than five years after submitting the initial report under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a follow-up report con-taining the following: (A) An update to the initial report submitted under paragraph (1). (B) An assessment of whether and to what de-gree the content of the registry established under subsection (a) is current and scientifically up-to-date. (3) I
NDEPENDENT SCIENTIFIC ORGANIZATION .— The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall enter into an agreement with an independent sci-entific organization to prepare the reports under paragraphs (1) and (2). (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR ADDITIONAL EXPO-
SURES TO BEINCLUDED .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every five years thereafter, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall submit to Congress recommendations for addi-tional chemicals with respect to which individ-uals exposed to such chemicals should be in-cluded in the registry established under sub-section (a). (d) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible individual’’ means any individual who, on or after a date specified by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs through regulations, served or is serving in the Armed Forces at a military installation where AFFF was used or at another location of the Depart-ment of Defense where AFFF was used. 
SEC. 727. INCLUSION OF GAMBLING DISORDER IN HEALTH ASSESSMENTS FOR MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND RELATED RESEARCH EFFORTS. 
(a) A NNUAL PERIODIC HEALTH ASSESSMENT .— The Secretary of Defense shall incorporate med-ical screening questions specific to gambling dis-order into the Annual Periodic Health Assess-ment conducted by the Department of Defense for members of the Armed Forces. (b) R
ESEARCH EFFORTS .—The Secretary shall incorporate into ongoing research efforts of the Department questions on gambling disorder, as appropriate, including by restoring such ques-tions into the Health Related Behaviors Survey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4097 June 19, 2018 
of Active Duty Military Personnel and the Health Related Behaviors Survey of Reserve Component Personnel. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on efforts undertaken pur-suant to subsections (a) and (b) and the find-ings of the assessments and surveys described in those subsections with respect to the prevalence of gambling disorder among members of the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 728. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY OVER-SIGHT OF TRICARE MANAGED CARE SUPPORT CONTRACTORS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of the oversight conducted by the Defense Health Agency with respect to the transition of managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The review con-ducted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The extent to which the Defense Health Agency provided guidance and oversight to the outgoing and incoming managed care support contractors during the transition period prior to the start of health care delivery. (2) The extent to which there were any issues with health care delivery, and if so— (A) the effect, if any, of the guidance and oversight by the Defense Health Agency during the transition period on those issues; and (B) the solutions of the Defense Health Agen-cy for remediating any deficiencies of managed care support contractors. (3) The extent to which the Defense Health Agency has reviewed any lessons learned from prior transitions and incorporated those lessons into the current transition. (c) O
NGOING REQUIREMENT .—The Comptroller General shall review any transition of managed care support contractors for the TRICARE pro-gram occurring after the date of the review under subsection (a) and submit to the congres-sional defense committees a similar review for each such transition. (d) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management 
SEC. 801. PERMANENT SUPPLY CHAIN RISK MAN-AGEMENT AUTHORITY. 
(a) P ERMANENT EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339a. Requirements for information relat-ing to supply chain risk ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (b), the head of a covered agency may— ‘‘(1) carry out a covered procurement action; and ‘‘(2) limit, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, in whole or in part, the disclosure of information relating to the basis for carrying out a covered procurement action. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .—The head of a covered agency may exercise the au-thority provided in subsection (a) only after— ‘‘(1) obtaining a joint recommendation by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, on the basis of a risk assessment by the Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence, that there is a significant supply chain risk to a covered system; ‘‘(2) making a determination in writing, in un-classified or classified form, with the concur-rence of the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment, that— ‘‘(A) use of the authority in subsection (a)(1) is necessary to protect national security by re-ducing supply chain risk; ‘‘(B) less intrusive measures are not reason-ably available to reduce such supply chain risk; and ‘‘(C) in a case where the head of the covered agency plans to limit disclosure of information under subsection (a)(2), the risk to national se-curity due to the disclosure of such information outweighs the risk due to not disclosing such in-formation; and ‘‘(3) providing a classified or unclassified no-tice of the determination made under paragraph (2) to the appropriate congressional committees, which notice shall include— ‘‘(A) the information required by section 2304(f)(3) of this title; ‘‘(B) the joint recommendation by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense as specified in paragraph (1); ‘‘(C) a summary of the risk assessment by the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence that serves as the basis for the joint recommendation specified in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(D) a summary of the basis for the deter-mination, including a discussion of less intru-sive measures that were considered and why they were not reasonably available to reduce supply chain risk. ‘‘(c) DELEGATION .—The head of a covered agency may not delegate the authority provided in subsection (a) or the responsibility to make a determination under subsection (b) to an official below the level of the service acquisition execu-tive for the agency concerned. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON DISCLOSURE .—If the head of a covered agency has exercised the authority provided in subsection (a)(2) to limit disclosure of information— ‘‘(1) no action undertaken by the agency head under such authority shall be subject to review in a bid protest before the Government Account-ability Office or in any Federal court; and ‘‘(2) the agency head shall— ‘‘(A) notify appropriate parties of a covered procurement action and the basis for such ac-tion only to the extent necessary to effectuate the covered procurement action; ‘‘(B) notify other Department of Defense com-ponents or other Federal agencies responsible for procurements that may be subject to the same or similar supply chain risk, in a manner and to the extent consistent with the require-ments of national security; and ‘‘(C) ensure the confidentiality of any such notifications. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
EAD OF A COVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘head of a covered agency’ means each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(C) The Secretary of the Navy. ‘‘(D) The Secretary of the Air Force. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED PROCUREMENT ACTION .—The term ‘covered procurement action’ means any of the following actions, if the action takes place in the course of conducting a covered procure-ment: ‘‘(A) The exclusion of a source that fails to meet qualification standards established in ac-cordance with the requirements of section 2319 of this title for the purpose of reducing supply chain risk in the acquisition of covered systems. ‘‘(B) The exclusion of a source that fails to achieve an acceptable rating with regard to an evaluation factor providing for the consider-ation of supply chain risk in the evaluation of proposals for the award of a contract or the issuance of a task or delivery order. ‘‘(C) The decision to withhold consent for a contractor to subcontract with a particular source or to direct a contractor for a covered system to exclude a particular source from con-sideration for a subcontract under the contract. ‘‘(3) COVERED PROCUREMENT .—The term ‘cov-ered procurement’ means— ‘‘(A) a source selection for a covered system or a covered item of supply involving either a per-formance specification, as provided in section 2305(a)(1)(C)(ii) of this title, or an evaluation factor, as provided in section 2305(a)(2)(A) of this title, relating to supply chain risk; ‘‘(B) the consideration of proposals for and issuance of a task or delivery order for a covered system or a covered item of supply, as provided in section 2304c(d)(3) of this title, where the task or delivery order contract concerned includes a contract clause establishing a requirement relat-ing to supply chain risk; or ‘‘(C) any contract action involving a contract for a covered system or a covered item of supply where such contract includes a clause estab-lishing requirements relating to supply chain risk. ‘‘(4) S
UPPLY CHAIN RISK .—The term ‘supply chain risk’ means the risk that an adversary may sabotage, maliciously introduce unwanted function, or otherwise subvert the design, integ-rity, manufacturing, production, distribution, installation, operation, or maintenance of a cov-ered system so as to surveil, deny, disrupt, or otherwise degrade the function, use, or oper-ation of such system. ‘‘(5) C
OVERED SYSTEM .—The term ‘covered sys-tem’ means a national security system, as that term is defined in section 3542(b) of title 44. ‘‘(6) C
OVERED ITEM OF SUPPLY .—The term ‘covered item of supply’ means an item of infor-mation technology (as that term is defined in section 11101 of title 40) that is purchased for in-clusion in a covered system, and the loss of in-tegrity of which could result in a supply chain risk for a covered system. ‘‘(7) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a covered system included in the National Intelligence Program or the Military Intelligence Program, the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the congressional defense committees; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a covered system not other-wise included in subparagraph (A), the congres-sional defense committees.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2339 the following new item: ‘‘2339a. Requirements for information relating to supply chain risk.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 806(g) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note) is hereby re-pealed. 
SEC. 802. COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE MARKET RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 2431a of title 10, United States code, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(10) The term ‘market research’ includes— ‘‘(A) government market research directly with prospective vendors, including— ‘‘(i) contacting knowledgeable individuals in government and industry regarding market ca-pabilities to meet requirements; ‘‘(ii) reviewing the results of recent market re-search undertaken to meet similar or identical requirements; ‘‘(iii) publishing formal requests for informa-tion in appropriate technical or scientific jour-nals or business publications; ‘‘(iv) querying the governmentwide database of contracts and other procurement instruments intended for use by multiple agencies; ‘‘(v) participating in interactive, on-line com-munication among industry, acquisition per-sonnel, and customers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4098 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(vi) obtaining source lists of similar items from other contracting activities or agencies, trade associations, or other sources; ‘‘(vii) reviewing catalogs and other generally available product literature published by manu-facturers, distributors, and dealers or available online; ‘‘(viii) conducting interchange meetings or holding presolicitation conferences to involve potential offerors early in the acquisition proc-ess; and ‘‘(ix) ensuring that any conflicts of interest presented by vendors providing government ca-pability statements are both disclosed and miti-gated; and ‘‘(B) commercially available third-party mar-ket research.’’. (b) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing, shall review the guidance of the Depart-ment of Defense with regard to those portions of the Federal Acquisition Regulation regarding commercially available market research, includ-ing sections 10.001(a)(2)(vi) and 10.002(b). The review shall, at a minimum— (1) assess the impact that conducting market research has on the Department’s resources; and (2) ensure that commercially available market research is considered among other sources of research, as appropriate, and reviewed prior to developing new requirements documents for an acquisition by the Department. 
SEC. 803. COMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF ACQUISITION PROGRAMS AND RELATED INITIATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 131 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2229b. Comptroller General assessment on acquisition programs and initiatives ‘‘(a) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual as-sessment of selected acquisition programs and initiatives of the Department of Defense by March 30th of each year, beginning in 2020. ‘‘(b) A
NALYSES TOBEINCLUDED .—The assess-ment required under subsection (a) shall in-clude— ‘‘(1) a macro analysis of how well acquisition programs and initiatives are performing and reasons for that performance; ‘‘(2) a summary of organizational and legisla-tive changes and emerging assessment meth-odologies since the last assessment, and a dis-cussion of the implications for execution and oversight of programs and initiatives; and ‘‘(3) specific analyses of individual acquisition programs and initiatives. ‘‘(c) A
CQUISITION PROGRAMS AND INITIATIVES  
TOBECONSIDERED .—The assessment required under subsection (a) shall consider the following programs and initiatives: ‘‘(1) Selected weapon systems, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(2) Selected information technology systems and initiatives, including defense business sys-tems, networks, and software-intensive systems, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(3) Selected prototyping and rapid fielding activities and initiatives, as determined appro-priate by the Comptroller General.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2229a the following new item: ‘‘2229b. Comptroller General assessment on ac-quisition programs and related initiatives.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 883(d) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking paragraph (1). Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-tations SEC. 811. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTING DISPUTE MATTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall carry out a study of the frequency and effects of bid protests involving the same contract award or proposed award that have been filed at both the Government Ac-countability Office and the United States Court of Federal Claims. The study shall cover De-partment of Defense contracts and include, at a minimum— (1) the number of protests that have been filed with both tribunals and results; (2) the number of such protests where the tri-bunals differed in denying or sustaining the ac-tion; (3) the length of time, in average time and me-dian time— (A) from initial filing at the Government Ac-countability Office to decision in the United States Court of Federal Claims; (B) from filing with each tribunal to decision by such tribunal; (C) from the time at which the basis of the protest is known to the time of filing in each tri-bunal; and (D) in the case of an appeal from a decision of the United States Court of Federal Claims, from the date of the initial filing of the appeal to decision in the appeal; (4) the number of protests where performance was stayed or enjoined and for how long; (5) if performance was stayed or enjoined, whether the requirement was obtained in the in-terim through another vehicle or in-house, or whether during the period of the stay or enjoin-ing the requirement went unfulfilled; (6) separately for each tribunal, the number of protests where performance was stayed or en-joined and monetary damages were awarded, which shall include for how long performance was stayed or enjoined and the amount of mon-etary damages; (7) whether the protestor was a large or small business; and (8) whether the protestor was the incumbent in a prior contract for the same or similar prod-uct or service. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees, the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate, and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study, along with related recommendations for improving the expediency of the bid protest process. In preparing the re-port, the Secretary shall consult with the Attor-ney General of the United States, the Comp-troller General of the United States, and the United States Court of Federal Claims. (c) O
NGOING DATA COLLECTION .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish and continuously maintain a data repository to col-lect on an ongoing basis the information de-scribed in subsection (a) and any additional rel-evant bid protest data the Secretary determines necessary and appropriate to allow the Depart-ment of Defense, the Government Accountability Office, and the United States Court of Federal Claims to assess and review bid protests over time. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF EXPEDITED PROCESS  
FORSMALL VALUE CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a plan and schedule for an expedited bid protest process for Department of Defense contracts with a value of less than $100,000. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary of Defense may consult with the Government Accountability Office and the United States Court of Federal Claims to the extent such entities may establish a similar process at their election. (3) REPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the plan and schedule for implementation of the expe-dited bid protest process, which shall include a request for any additional authorities the Sec-retary determines appropriate for such efforts. 
SEC. 812. CONTINUATION OF TECHNICAL DATA RIGHTS DURING CHALLENGES. 
(a) E XERCISE OF RIGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA B
EFORE FINAL DISPOSITION OF A CHALLENGE .— Section 2321(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘P
RIOR TO AND ’’ after ‘‘R IGHTS AND LIABILITY ’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (3) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so re-designated, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) Upon issuance of a challenge to a use or release restriction asserted by a contractor or subcontractor under the contract made pursu-ant to subsection (d) or made under procedures established by the Department of Defense for challenges to asserted use or release restrictions in connection with noncommercial computer software, and until final disposition of such a challenge, the Department of Defense may exer-cise rights in the technical data or noncommer-cial computer software rights consistent with the grounds identified in the challenge pursuant to subsection (d)(3), (or the grounds identified under corresponding Department of Defense procedures in the case of noncommercial com-puter software) in order to meet Department of Defense mission requirements. ‘‘(2) In the event that the challenge made by the government is not sustained upon final dis-position, the contractor or subcontractor shall have only a right to damages against the United States if the United States was found to have not acted in good faith and as otherwise pro-vided by law arising from the exercise of rights described in paragraph (1) during the time pe-riod described in such paragraph.’’. (b) R
EVISION OF THE DEFENSE FEDERAL AC-
QUISITION REGULATION SUPPLEMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement, by interim or final rule, to imple-ment the amendments made by subsection (a). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) and the revision required by subsection (b) shall become effective on the date of publication of the interim or final rule (whichever is earlier) required by subsection (b) and shall apply to solicitations issued by De-partment of Defense contracting activities after that date unless the senior procurement execu-tive of the agency concerned grants a waiver on a case-by-case basis. (d) G
UIDANCE ON TECHNICAL DATARIGHT NE-
GOTIATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall de-velop policies on the negotiation of technical data rights for noncommercial software that re-flects the Department of Defense’s needs for technical data rights in the event of a protest or replacement of incumbent contractor to meet de-fense requirements in the most cost effective manner. 
SEC. 813. INCREASED MICRO-PURCHASE THRESH-OLD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a) of section 1902 of title 41, the micro-purchase threshold for the Department of Defense for purposes of such sec-tion is $5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘The micro-pur-chase threshold for the Department of Defense is $10,000’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1902(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 2338 and 2339 of title 10 and’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4099 June 19, 2018 
(c) R EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2339 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2339. 
SEC. 814. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATIONS ON SINGLE SOURCE TASK OR DELIVERY ORDER CONTRACTS. 
Section 2304a(d)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘reasonably per-form the work’’ and inserting ‘‘efficiently per-form the work’’. 
SEC. 815. PRELIMINARY COST ANALYSIS RE-QUIREMENT FOR EXERCISE OF MULTIYEAR CONTRACT AUTHORITY. 
Section 2306b(i)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘made after the completion of a cost analysis’’ and inserting ‘‘supported by a preliminary cost analysis’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘for the purpose of section 2334(e)(1) of this title, and that the analysis supports those preliminary findings’’. 
SEC. 816. INCLUSION OF BEST AVAILABLE INFOR-MATION REGARDING PAST PER-FORMANCE OF SUBCONTRACTORS AND JOINT VENTURE PARTNERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR PERFORMANCE OF SUB-
CONTRACTORS AND JOINT VENTURE PARTNERS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Federal Acquisition Regu-latory Council and the Administrator for Fed-eral Procurement Policy, shall develop policies for the Department of Defense to ensure the best information regarding past performance of cer-tain subcontractors and joint venture partners is available when awarding Department of De-fense contracts. The policies shall include pro-posed revisions to the Defense Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement as follows: (1) Required performance evaluations, as part of a government-wide evaluation reporting tool, for first-tier subcontractors performing a portion of the contract valued at not less than 20 per-cent of the value of the prime contract, pro-vided— (A) the information included in rating the subcontractor is not inconsistent with the infor-mation included in the rating for the prime con-tractor; (B) the subcontractor evaluation is conducted consistent with the provisions of section 42.15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) negative evaluations of a subcontractor in no way obviate the prime contractor’s responsi-bility for successful completion of the contract and management of its subcontractors; and (D) that in the judgment of the contracting of-ficer, the overall execution of the work is im-pacted by the performance of the subcontractor or subcontractors. (2) Required performance evaluations, as part of a government-wide evaluation reporting tool, of individual partners of joint venture-awarded, to ensure that past performance on joint venture projects is considered in future awards to indi-vidual joint venture partners, provided— (A) at a minimum, the rating for joint ven-tures includes an identification that allows the evaluation to be retrieved for each partner of the joint venture; (B) each partner, through the joint venture, is given the same opportunity to submit comments, rebutting statements, or additional information, consistent with the provisions of section 42.15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation; and (C) the rating clearly identifies the respon-sibilities of joint venture partners for discrete elements of the work where the partners are not jointly and severally responsible for the project. (3) Processes to request exceptions from the annual evaluation requirement under section 42.1502(a) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation where submission of the annual evaluations would not provide the best representation of the performance of a contractor, including sub-contractors and joint venture partners, includ-ing— (A) where no severable element of the work has been completed; (B) where the contracting officer determines that— (i) an insubstantial portion of the contract work has been completed in the preceding year; and (ii) the lack of performance is at non-fault to the contractor; or (C) where the contracting officer determines that there is an issue in dispute which, until re-solved, would likely cause the annual rating to inaccurately reflect the past performance of the contractor. (b) REPORT ON CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE  A
PPEALS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the defense commit-tees a report on contractor and subcontractor past performance evaluations and appeals, in-cluding— (1) data on the number of performance eval-uation appeals filed by contractors and sub-contractors within the previous five years; (2) the frequency that an appeal was success-ful and the performance evaluation was changed favorably for the contractor; (3) the time it takes for an appeal to make its way through the process from filing to adjudica-tion; and (4) what impact the appeals process has on the tracking of information in the performance database system and consideration of contractor and subcontractor performance on future con-tracts. (c) A
GENCY PROGRESS ON PERFORMANCE EVAL-
UATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a scorecard that compares the timeliness, completeness, and accuracy of contractor performance evaluations among the Department’s components. This scorecard shall be reported annually to Congress and made pub-licly available not later than December 31 for the prior fiscal year until 2024. (d) C
ONGRESSIONAL ACCESS TO PERFORMANCE  D
ATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the written request of a Chairman or Ranking Member of one of the ap-propriate congressional committees, the Sec-retary of Defense shall make all contractor per-formance evaluations available through elec-tronic access to data systems or in another man-ner specified by the request for designated staff members of the appropriate congressional com-mittees. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 817. MODIFICATION OF CRITERIA FOR WAIV-ERS OF REQUIREMENT FOR CER-TIFIED COST AND PRICE DATA. 
Section 817(b)(2) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note) is amended by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’. 
SEC. 818. SUBCONTRACTING PRICE AND AP-PROVED PURCHASING SYSTEMS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 893 of the Ike Skel-ton National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The term ‘approved purchasing system’ has the meaning given the term in section 44.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (or any similar regulation).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) CONSENT TO SUBCONTRACT .—If the con-tractor on a Department of Defense contract re-quiring a contracting officer’s written consent prior to the contractor entering into a sub-contract has an approved purchasing system, the contracting officer may not withhold such consent without the written approval of the pro-gram manager.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING REGULATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement to conform with the amendments to section 893 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) made by this section. 
SEC. 819. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON PROGRESS PAYMENT FINANCING OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the results of an analysis, conducted by the Comptroller General, of the ef-fects of current financing levels of Department of Defense contracts on contractors of the De-partment and the budgets of the Department. (b) E
LEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include an analysis and assess-ment of the impact of the matters specified in paragraph (2), for both government and busi-ness, on— (A) the relationship between financing amounts and contractor profit; and (B) the willingness of contractors to pursue contracts with the Department. (2) C
OVERED MATTERS .—The matters specified in this paragraph are each of the following under Department contracts: (A) Past changes to progress payment rates and conditions. (B) Progress payment rates and limitations on progressing for undefinitized contract actions. 
SEC. 820. AUTHORIZATION TO LIMIT FOREIGN AC-CESS TO TECHNOLOGY THROUGH CONTRACTS. 
The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, or a designee of the Under Secretary, may include in the terms of any con-tract that the Under Secretary enters into a pro-vision that— (1) limits access by select persons or organiza-tions to technology that is the subject of the contract under terms defined by the Under Sec-retary, including by limiting such access to spe-cific periods of time; and (2) if the person or organization violates the requirement described in paragraph (1), the Under Secretary may require the person or orga-nization to forfeit intellectual property rights associated with the contract. 
SEC. 821. BRIEFING REQUIREMENT ON SERVICES CONTRACTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days there-after until the requirements of section 2329(b) of title 10, United States Code, are met, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall brief the congressional de-fense committees on the progress of Department of Defense efforts to meet the requirements of such section, including relevant information on the methodology and implementation plans for future compliance. 
SEC. 822. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON AWARDING OF CONTRACTS TO RESPONSIBLE COM-PANIES THAT PRIMARILY EMPLOY AMERICAN WORKERS AND DO NOT ACTIVELY TRANSFER AMERICAN JOBS TO POTENTIAL ADVERSARIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Depart-ment of Defense should award contracts to re-sponsible companies that primarily employ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4100 June 19, 2018 
United States workers or are partners in the na-tional technology and industrial base and do not actively transfer United States jobs to po-tential adversaries. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs 
SEC. 831. PROGRAM COST, FIELDING, AND PER-FORMANCE GOALS IN PLANNING MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2448a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and in-serting ‘‘designated milestone decision authority for the major defense acquisition program’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the milestone decision au-thority for the major defense acquisition pro-gram approves a program that’’ and inserting ‘‘the program’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 832. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA-TIONS OF THE INDEPENDENT STUDY ON CONSIDERATION OF SUSTAINMENT IN WEAPONS SYS-TEMS LIFE CYCLE. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, ex-cept as provided under subsection (b), commence implementation of each recommendation sub-mitted as part of the independent assessment produced under section 844 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2290). (b) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) D
ELAYED IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec- retary of Defense may commence implementa-tion of a recommendation described under sub-section (a) later than the date required under such subsection if the Secretary provides the congressional defense committees with a specific justification for the delay in implementation of such recommendation. (2) N
ONIMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Defense may opt not to implement a rec-ommendation described under subsection (a) if the Secretary provides to the congressional de-fense committees— (A) the reasons for the decision not to imple-ment the recommendation; and (B) a summary of the alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the purposes underlying the recommendation. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLANS.—For each rec-ommendation that the Secretary is imple-menting, or that the Secretary plans to imple-ment, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees— (1) a summary of actions that have been taken to implement the recommendation; and (2) a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the rec-ommendation. 
SEC. 833. PILOT PROGRAM TO ACCELERATE MAJOR WEAPONS SYSTEM PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to reform and ac-celerate the contracting and pricing processes associated with contracts in excess of $50,000,000 by— (1) basing price reasonableness determinations on actual cost and pricing data for purchases of the same or similar products for the Department of Defense; and (2) reducing the cost and pricing data to be submitted in accordance with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code. (b) S
UNSET .—The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on January 2, 2021. Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Acquisition Workforce SEC. 841. PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECTS RELATING TO ACQUISITION PERSONNEL MAN-AGEMENT POLICIES AND PROCE-DURES. 
(a) P ERMANENT AUTHORITY .—Section 1762 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subsections (g) and (h). (b) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘C
OM-
MENCEMENT .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘a demonstration project,’’ and inserting ‘‘I
NGEN-
ERAL.—The Secretary of Defense may carry out demonstration projects’’. 
SEC. 842. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTEGRATED RE-VIEW TEAM ON DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION INDUSTRY-GOVERNMENT EX-CHANGE. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall direct the Defense Busi-ness Board to convene an integrated review team (in this section referred to as the ‘‘ex-change team’’) to undertake a study on facili-tating the exchange of defense industry per-sonnel on term assignments within the Depart-ment of Defense. (2) M
EMBER PARTICIPATION .— (A) D
EFENSE BUSINESS BOARD .—The Chairman of the Defense Business Board shall select six members from the membership of the Board to participate on the exchange team, including one member to lead the team. (B) D
EFENSE INNOVATION BOARD .—The Chair-man of the Defense Innovation Board shall se-lect five appropriate members from the member-ship of their Board to participate on the ex-change team. (C) D
EFENSE SCIENCE BOARD .—The Chairman of the Defense Science Board shall select five appropriate members from the membership of their Board to participate on the exchange team. (D) R
EQUIRED EXPERIENCE .—The Chairmen re-ferred to in subparagraphs (a) through (C) shall ensure that members have significant legislative or regulatory expertise and reflect diverse expe-riences in the public and private sector. (3) S
COPE.—The study conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— (A) review legal, ethical, and financial disclo-sure requirements for industry-government ex-changes; (B) review existing or previous industry-gov-ernment exchange programs such as the Depart-ment of State’s Franklin Fellows Program and the Information Technology Exchange Program; (C) review how the military departments ad-dress legal, ethical, and financial requirements for members of the reserve components who also maintain civilian employment in the defense in-dustry; (D) produce specific and detailed rec-ommendations for any legislation, including the amendment or repeal of regulations, as well as non-legislative approaches, that the members of the exchange team conducting the study deter-mine necessary to— (i) reduce barriers to industry-government ex-change to encourage the flow of acquisition best practices; (ii) ensure continuing financial and ethical integrity; and (iii) protect the best interests of the Depart-ment of Defense; and (E) produce such additional recommendations for legislation as the members consider appro-priate. (4) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide the exchange team with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analysis so that the exchange team may conduct a thorough and independent analysis as required under this subsection. (b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the exchange team shall provide an interim briefing to the congressional defense committees on the study conducted under subsection (a) (c) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the exchange team shall submit a final re-port on the study to the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the congressional defense committees. 
SEC. 843. EXCHANGE PROGRAM FOR ACQUISITION WORKFORCE EMPLOYEES. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish an exchange program under which the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall arrange for the temporary assignment of civilian personnel in the Department of Defense acquisition work-force. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the exchange program established pursuant to subsection (a) are— (1) to familiarize personnel from the acquisi-tion workforce with the equities, priorities, proc-esses, culture, and workforce of the acquisition- related defense agencies; (2) to enable participants in the exchange pro-gram to return the expertise gained through their exchanges to their original organizations; and (3) to improve communication between and in-tegration of the organizations that support the policy, implementation, and oversight of defense acquisition through lasting relationships. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS .— (1) N
UMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—The Under Secretary shall select not less than 10 and no more than 20 participants per year for participa-tion in the exchange program established under subsection (a). (2) C
RITERIA FOR SELECTION .—The Under Sec-retary shall select participants for the exchange program established under subsection (a) from among mid-career employees and based on— (A) the qualifications and desire to participate in the program of the employee; and (B) the technical needs and capacities of the acquisition workforce, as applicable. (d) T
ERMS .—Exchanges pursuant to the ex-change program established under subsection (a) shall be for terms of one to two years, as de-termined and negotiated by the Under Sec-retary. The terms may begin and end on a roll-ing basis. (e) G
UIDANCE AND IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall develop and submit to the con-gressional defense committees interim guidance on the form and contours of the exchange pro-gram established under subsection (a). (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall implement the guidance developed under paragraph (1). Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items 
SEC. 851. REPORT ON COMMERCIAL ITEM PRO-CUREMENT REFORM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, in consultation with members of the Defense Business Board as appropriate, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on reforms for commercial item procure-ment. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A review of recommendations by the inde-pendent panel created under section 809 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 112 Public Law 889) pertaining to commercial items. (2) A review of commercial item provisions from the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4101 June 19, 2018 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), and other relevant legisla-tion. (3) An analysis of the extent to which the De-partment of Defense should treat commercial service contracts and commercial products in a similar manner. (4) Such other matters with respect to commer-cial item procurement as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate. Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters 
SEC. 861. NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUS-TRIAL BASE APPLICATION PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2509. National technology and industrial base application process ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall administer a national technology and in-dustrial base application process. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The application process re-quired under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall designate an official within the Office of the Secretary of Defense re-sponsible for administration of the national technology and industrial base application proc-ess and associated policy. ‘‘(2) A person or organization that meets the definition of national technology and industrial base under section 2500(1) of this title shall have the opportunity to apply for an item to be cov-ered under the national technology and indus-trial base. The application shall include, at a minimum, the following information: ‘‘(A) Information demonstrating the applicant meets such definition. ‘‘(B) The section or sections of this chapter, related to the national technology and indus-trial base, that the applicant seeks to modify. ‘‘(C) The applicant’s proposed modifications to the section or sections identified under sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(D) For each item the applicant seeks to in-clude in the national technology and industrial base, the applicant shall include the following information: ‘‘(i) The extent to which such item has com-mercial applications. ‘‘(ii) The number of such items to be procured by current programs of record. ‘‘(iii) The criticality of such item to a military unit’s mission accomplishment. ‘‘(iv) The estimated cost and other consider-ations of reconstituting the manufacturing ca-pability of such item, if not maintained in the national technology and industrial base. ‘‘(v) National security regulations or restric-tions imposed on such item that may not be im-posed on a non-national technology and indus-trial base competitor. ‘‘(vi) Non-national security-related Federal, State, and local government regulations imposed on such item that may not be imposed on a non- national technology and industrial base compet-itor. ‘‘(vii) The extent to which such item is fielded in current programs of record. ‘‘(viii) The extent to which cost and pricing data for such item has been deemed fair and reasonable. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION OF APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF DESIGNATED OFFI -
CIAL.—The official designated pursuant to sub-section (b)(1) shall be responsible for providing complete applications submitted pursuant to this subsection to the appropriate component acqui-sition executive for consideration not later than 15 days after receipt of such application. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 60 days after re-ceiving a complete application, the component acquisition executive shall review such applica-tion, make a determination, and return the ap-plication to the official designated pursuant to subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(3) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—The de- termination required under paragraph (2) shall— ‘‘(A) recommend the modification to this chap-ter proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(C); ‘‘(B) recommend the modification to this chap-ter proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(C) with further modifications; or ‘‘(C) not recommend the modification to this chapter proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(C). ‘‘(4) JUSTIFICATION .—The determination re-quired under paragraph (2) shall also include the rationale and justification for the deter-mination. ‘‘(d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR LEGISLATION .— For applications recommended under subsection (c), the official designated pursuant to sub-section (b)(1) shall be responsible for preparing a legislative proposal for consideration by the Secretary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2509. National technology and industrial base application process.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 2509 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall take effect 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 862. REPORT ON DEFENSE ELECTRONICS IN-DUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Executive Agent for Printed Circuit Board and Interconnect Technology and the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to Congress a report examining the health of the defense electronics industrial base, including analog and passive electronic parts, substrates, printed boards, assemblies, connec-tors, cabling, and related areas, both domesti-cally and within the national technology and industrial base. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An examination of current and planned partnerships with the commercial industry. (2) Analysis of the current and future defense electronics industrial base. (3) Threat assessment related to system secu-rity. (4) An assessment of the health of the engi-neering and production workforce. (5) A description of the electronics supply chain requirements of defense systems integral to meeting the goals of the 2018 National De-fense Strategy. (6) Recommended actions to address areas deemed deficient or vulnerable, and a plan to formalize long-term resourcing for the Executive Agent. (7) Any other areas matters determined rel-evant by the Secretary. 
SEC. 863. SUPPORT FOR DEFENSE MANUFAC-TURING COMMUNITIES TO SUPPORT THE DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, in coordination with the Secretary of Com-merce and working in coordination with the de-fense manufacturing institutes, establish within the Department of Defense a program to make long-term investments in critical skills, infra-structure, research and development, and small business support in order to strengthen the na-tional security innovation base by designating and supporting consortiums as defense manu-facturing communities. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The program authorized by this section shall be known as the ‘‘Defense Manufacturing Community Support Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). (b) D
ESIGNATION OF DEFENSE MANUFACTURING  C
OMMUNITIES COMPLEMENTARY TO DEFENSE  M
ANUFACTURING INSTITUTES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may designate eligible consortiums as defense manufacturing communities through a competi-tive process, and in coordination with the de-fense manufacturing institutes. (2) ELIGIBLE CONSORTIUMS .—The Secretary may establish eligibility criteria for a consortium to participate in the Program. In developing such criteria, the Secretary may consider the merits of— (A) including members from academia, defense industry, commercial industry, and State and local government organizations; (B) supporting efforts in geographical regions that have capabilities in key technologies or in-dustrial base supply chains that are determined critical to national security; (C) optimal consortium composition and size to promote effectiveness, collaboration, and effi-ciency; and (D) complementarity with defense manufac-turing institutes. (3) D
URATION .—Each designation under para-graph (1) shall be for a period designated by the Secretary. (4) R
ENEWAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may renew a designation made under paragraph (1) for up to two additional two-year periods. Any designa-tion as a defense manufacturing community or renewal of such designation that is in effect be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act shall count toward the limit set forth in this subpara-graph. (B) E
VALUATION FOR RENEWAL .—The Sec- retary shall establish criteria for the renewal of a consortium. In establishing such criteria, the Secretary may consider— (i) the performance of the consortium in meet-ing the established goals of the Program; (ii) the progress the consortium has made with respect to project-specific metrics, particularly with respect to those metrics that were designed to help communities track their own progress; (iii) whether any changes to the composition of the eligible consortium or revisions of the plan for the consortium would improve the ca-pabilities of the defense industrial base; (iv) the effectiveness of coordination with de-fense manufacturing institutes; and (v) such other criteria as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (5) A
PPLICATION FOR DESIGNATION .—An eligi- ble consortium seeking a designation under paragraph (1) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. In developing such procedures, the Secretary may consider the in-clusion of— (A) a description of the regional boundaries of the consortium, and the defense manufacturing capacity of the region; (B) an evidence-based plan for enhancing the defense industrial base through the efforts of the consortium; (C) the investments the consortium proposes and the strategy of the consortium to address gaps in the defense industrial base; (D) a description of the outcome-based metrics, benchmarks, and milestones that will track and the evaluation methods that will be used to gauge performance of the consortium; (E) how the initiatives will complement de-fense manufacturing institutes; and (F) such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) F
INANCIAL AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the Program, the Sec-retary of Defense may award financial or tech-nical assistance to a member of a consortium designated as a defense manufacturing commu-nity under the Program as appropriate for pur-poses of the Program. (2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A recipient of financial or technical assistance under the Program may use such financial or technical assistance to support an investment that will improve the defense in-dustrial base. (3) I
NVESTMENTS SUPPORTED .—Investments supported under this subsection may include ac-tivities not already provided for by defense man-ufacturing institutes on— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4102 June 19, 2018 
(A) infrastructure; (B) access to capital; (C) promotion of exports and foreign direct in-vestment; (D) equipment or facility upgrades; (E) workforce training, retraining, or recruit-ment and retention, including that of women and underrepresented minorities; (F) energy or process efficiency; (G) business incubators; (H) site preparation; (I) advanced research and commercialization, including with Federal laboratories and depots; (J) supply chain development; and (K) small business assistance. (d) R
ECEIPT OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—The Secretary of Defense may accept amounts trans-ferred to the Secretary from the head of another agency or a State or local governmental organi-zation to carry out this section. Subtitle G—Other Transactions 
SEC. 871. CHANGE TO NOTIFICATION REQUIRE-MENT FOR OTHER TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 2371b(f)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the first sen-tence the following: ‘‘The cost of any such op-tion shall be considered for purposes of sub-section (a)(2) as part of the cost to the Depart-ment of Defense of a transaction (for a proto-type).’’. 
SEC. 872. DATA AND POLICY ON THE USE OF OTHER TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) C OLLECTION AND STORAGE .—The Service Acquisition Executives of the military depart-ments shall collect data on the use of other transactions by their respective departments, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering and the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall collect data on all other use by the Department of Defense of other trans-actions, including use by the Defense Agencies. The data shall be stored in a manner that al-lows the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition access at any time. (b) U
SE OF DATA.—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition shall analyze and lever-age the data collected under subsection (a) to update policy and guidance related to the use of other transactions. Subtitle H—Development and Acquisition of Software Intensive and Digital Products and Services 
SEC. 881. CLARIFICATIONS REGARDING PROPRI-ETARY AND TECHNICAL DATA. 
(a) V ALIDATION OF PROPRIETARY DATA RE-
STRICTIONS .—Section 2321(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), in’’ and inserting ‘‘In’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). (b) R
IGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA.—Section 2320 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively. 
SEC. 882. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA-TIONS OF THE FINAL REPORT OF THE DEFENSE SCIENCE BOARD TASK FORCE ON THE DESIGN AND ACQUI-SITION OF SOFTWARE FOR DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, ex-cept as provided under subsection (b), commence implementation of each recommendation sub-mitted as part of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acquisition of Software for Defense Systems. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) D
ELAYED IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec- retary of Defense may commence implementa-tion of a recommendation described under sub-section (a) later than the date required under such subsection if the Secretary provides the congressional defense committees with a specific justification for the delay in implementation of such recommendation. (2) NONIMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Defense may opt not to implement a rec-ommendation described under subsection (a) if the Secretary provides to the congressional de-fense committees— (A) the reasons for the decision not to imple-ment the recommendation; and (B) a summary of the alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the purposes underlying the recommendation. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLANS.—For each rec-ommendation that the Secretary is imple-menting, or that the Secretary plans to imple-ment, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees— (1) a summary of actions that have been taken to implement the recommendation; and (2) a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the rec-ommendation. 
SEC. 883. IMPLEMENTATION OF PILOT PROGRAM TO USE AGILE OR ITERATIVE DEVEL-OPMENT METHODS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 873 OF THE NA-TIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall include the following systems for realignment under the pilot program to use agile or iterative development methods pursuant to section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91): (1) Global Positioning System Next Generation Operational Control System (GPS OCX). (2) Integrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Command System (IBCS). (3) Command Control Battle Management and Communications (C2BMC). (4) The family of Distributed Common Ground Systems. (5) The family of Global Command and Con-trol Systems. (6) Joint Space Operations Center Mission Systems (JMS). (7) Joint Strike Fighter Autonomic Logistics Information System (ALIS). (8) Electronic Procurement System (ePS). (9) Air Force Integrated Personnel and Pay System (AFIPPS). (10) Navy Personnel and Pay (NP2). (11) Integrated Personnel and Pay-Army (IPPS–A). (12) Maintenance, Repair, and Overhaul (MROI). (13) Defense Enterprise Accounting Manage-ment System (DEAMS). (14) Army Contract Writing System. (15) Contracting IT System. (16) Defense-wide Electronic Procurement Ca-pabilities. (b) R
EVISIONS TO LIST.—The Secretary of De-fense shall notify the congressional defense com-mittees of any revisions to the list of systems in-cluded for realignment under subsection (a). 
SEC. 884. ENABLING AND OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE CLOUD EXECUTIVE STEERING GROUP. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .—Commencing not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Cloud Executive Steering Group (CESG) established by the Deputy Sec-retary of Defense in a directive memorandum dated September 13, 2017, in order to support its Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure (JEDI) initiative to procure commercial cloud services, shall conduct certain key enabling activities as follows: (1) A
DVANCED COMMERCIAL NETWORK CAPA -
BILITIES .—Develop an approach to rapidly ac-quire advanced commercial network capabilities, including software-defined networking, on-de-mand bandwidth, and aggregated cloud access gateways, through commercial service providers in order— (A) to support the migration of applications and systems to commercial cloud platforms; (B) to increase visibility of end-to-end per-formance to enable and enforce service level agreements for cloud services; (C) to ensure efficient and common cloud ac-cess; (D) to facilitate shifting data and applications from one cloud platform to another; (E) to improve cybersecurity; and (F) to consolidate networks and achieve effi-ciencies and improved performance; (2) WORKLOAD AND MIGRATION ANALYSIS .— Conduct an analysis of existing workloads that would be migrated to the Joint Enterprise De-fense Infrastructure, including— (A) identifying all of the cloud initiatives across the Department of Defense, and deter-mining the objectives of such initiatives in con-nection with the intended scope of the Infra-structure; (B) identifying all the systems and applica-tions that the Department would intend to mi-grate to the Infrastructure; (C) conducting rationalization of applications to identify applications and systems that may duplicate the processing of workloads in connec-tion with the Infrastructure; and (D) as result of such actions, arriving at dis-positions about migration or termination of sys-tems and applications in connection with the Infrastructure. (b) L
IMITATION ON NEWSYSTEMS AND APPLI-
CATIONS .—The Deputy Secretary shall require that no new system or application will be ap-proved for development or modernization with-out an assessment that such system or applica-tion is already, or can and would be, cloud- hosted. (c) I
NTEGRATION AND SUPPORT .—The Deputy Secretary shall ensure that the activities con-ducted under subsection (a) are integrated with and support the plan of the Department to ac-quire and migrate to commercial cloud services. (d) T
RANSPARENCY AND COMPETITION .—The Deputy Secretary shall ensure that the acquisi-tion approach of the Department continues to follow the Federal Acquisition Regulation, in-cluding part 16.504(c) of such regulation, re-garding procedures relating to the preference for multiple awards. Subtitle I—Other Matters 
SEC. 891. PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELE-COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) In its 2011 ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on Military and Security Developments Involving the People’s Republic of China’’, the Depart-ment of Defense stated, ‘‘China’s defense indus-try has benefited from integration with a rap-idly expanding civilian economy and science and technology sector, particularly elements that have access to foreign technology. Progress within individual defense sectors appears linked to the relative integration of each, through Chi-na’s civilian economy, into the global produc-tion and R&D chain . . . Information tech-nology companies in particular, including Huawei, Datang, and Zhongxing, maintain close ties to the PLA.’’. (2) In a 2011 report titled ‘‘The National Secu-rity Implications of Investments and Products from the People’s Republic of China in the Tele-communications Sector’’, the United States China Commission stated that ‘‘[n]ational secu-rity concerns have accompanied the dramatic growth of China’s telecom sector. . . . Addition-ally, large Chinese companies—particularly those ‘national champions’ prominent in Chi-na’s ‘going out’ strategy of overseas expansion— are directly subject to direction by the Chinese Communist Party, to include support for PRC state policies and goals.’’. (3) The Commission further stated in its report that ‘‘[f]rom this point of view, the clear eco-nomic benefits of foreign investment in the U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4103 June 19, 2018 
must be weighed against the potential security concerns related to infrastructure components coming under the control of foreign entities. This seems particularly applicable in the tele-communications industry, as Chinese companies continue systematically to acquire significant holdings in prominent global and U.S. tele-communications and information technology companies.’’. (4) In its 2011 Annual Report to Congress, the United States China Commission stated that ‘‘[t]he extent of the state’s control of the Chi-nese economy is difficult to quantify . . . There is also a category of companies that, though claiming to be private, are subject to state influ-ence. Such companies are often in new markets with no established SOE leaders and enjoy fa-vorable government policies that support their development while posing obstacles to foreign competition. Examples include Chinese telecoms giant Huawei and such automotive companies as battery maker BYD and vehicle manufactur-ers Geely and Chery.’’. (5) General Michael Hayden, who served as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and Director of the National Security Agency, stated in July 2013 that Huawei had ‘‘shared with the Chinese state intimate and extensive knowledge of foreign telecommunications systems it is in-volved with’’. (6) The Federal Bureau of Investigation, in a February 2015 Counterintelligence Strategy Partnership Intelligence Note stated that, ‘‘[w]ith the expanded use of Huawei Tech-nologies Inc. equipment and services in U.S. telecommunications service provider networks, the Chinese Government’s potential access to U.S. business communications is dramatically increasing. Chinese Government-supported tele-communications equipment on U.S. networks may be exploited through Chinese cyber activ-ity, with China’s intelligence services operating as an advanced persistent threat to U.S. net-works.’’. (7) The FBI further stated in its February 2015 counterintelligence note that ‘‘China makes no secret that its cyber warfare strategy is predicated on controlling global communications network infrastructure’’. (8) At a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on September 30, 2015, Deputy Secretary of De-fense Robert Work, responding to a question about the use of Huawei telecommunications equipment, stated, ‘‘In the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense, absolutely not. And I know of no other—I don’t believe we operate in the Pen-tagon, any [Huawei] systems in the Pentagon.’’. (9) At that hearing, the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, Admiral Mike Rogers, responding to a question about why such Huawei telecommunications equipment is not used, stated, ‘‘As we look at supply chain and we look at potential vulnerabilities within the system, that it is a risk we felt was unac-ceptable.’’. (10) In March 2017, ZTE Corporation pled guilty to conspiring to violate the International Emergency Economic Powers Act by illegally shipping U.S.-origin items to Iran, paying the United States Government a penalty of $892,360,064 for activity between January 2010 and January 2016. (11) The Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control issued a subpoena to Huawei as part of a Federal investigation of al-leged violations of trade restrictions on Cuba, Iran, Sudan, and Syria. (12) In the bipartisan ‘‘Investigative Report on the United States National Security Issues Posed by Chinese Telecommunication Compa-nies Huawei and ZTE’’ released in 2012 by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, it was rec-ommended that ‘‘U.S. government systems, par-ticularly sensitive systems, should not include Huawei or ZTE equipment, including in compo-nent parts. Similarly, government contractors— particularly those working on contracts for sen-sitive U.S. programs—should exclude ZTE or Huawei equipment in their systems.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OR PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary of Defense may not— (1) procure or obtain or extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain any equipment, system, or service that uses covered tele-communications equipment or services as a sub-stantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system; or (2) enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) with an entity that uses any equip-ment, system, or service that uses covered tele-communications equipment or services as a sub-stantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES.—The prohibition under subsection (b)(1) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and the prohibition under subsection (b)(2) shall take ef-fect three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (1) prohibit the Secretary of Defense from pro-curing with an entity to provide a service that connects to the facilities of a third-party, such as backhaul, roaming, or interconnection ar-rangements; or (2) cover telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traffic or per-mit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘covered foreign country’’ means the People’s Republic of China. (2) C
OVERED TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT  
OR SERVICES .—The term ‘‘covered telecommuni-cations equipment or services’’ means any of the following: (A) Telecommunications equipment produced by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Cor-poration (or any subsidiary or affiliate of such entities). (B) Telecommunications services provided by such entities or using such equipment. (C) Telecommunications equipment or services produced or provided by an entity that the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Di-rector of the National Intelligence or the Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, rea-sonably believes to be an entity owned or con-trolled by, or otherwise connected to, the gov-ernment of a covered foreign country. 
SEC. 892. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS PEND-ING SUBMITTAL OF REPORT ON ARMY MARKETING AND ADVER-TISING PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Army shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the recommenda-tions contained in the audit of the Army Audit Agency of the Army’s Marketing and Adver-tising Program concerning contract oversight and return on investment. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall address each of the following: (A) The mitigation and oversight measures im-plemented to assure improved program return and contract management, including the estab-lishment of specific goals to measure long-term effects of investments in marketing efforts. (B) The establishment of a review process to regularly evaluate the effectiveness and effi-ciency of marketing efforts, including efforts to better support the accessions missions of the Army. (C) The increase of acquisition and marketing experience within the Army Marketing and Re-search Group (in this section referred to as the ‘‘AMRG’’). (D) A workforce analysis of AMRG in co-operation with the Office of Personnel Manage-ment and industry experts assessing the AMRG organizational structure, staffing, and training, including an assessment of the workplace cli-mate and culture internal to the AMRG. (E) The establishment of an Army Marketing and Advisory Board comprised of senior Army and marketing and advertising leaders and an assessment of industry and service marketing and advertising best practices, including a plan to incorporate relevant practices. (F) The status of the implementation of con-tracting practices recommended by the Army Audit Agency’s audit of contracting oversight of AMRG contained in Audit Report A–2018–0033– MTH. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Not more than 50 percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the AMRG for fiscal year 2019 for advertising and marketing activities may be ob-ligated or expended until the Secretary of the Army submits the report required under sub-section (a). (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the sub-mittal of the report required under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the results and implementation of the recommendations of the Army Audit Agency Audits of the AMRG on contract oversight and return on investment. The review shall include an assessment of the effects of the implementation of the rec-ommendations on the AMRG leadership, work-force, and business practices, and return on in-vestment. 
SEC. 893. PERMANENT SBIR AND STTR AUTHOR-ITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (m), by inserting ‘‘, except with respect to the Department of Defense’’ after ‘‘September 30, 2022’’; and (2) in subsection (n)(1)(A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to the De-partment of Defense, any fiscal year)’’ after ‘‘2022’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to the De-partment of Defense, for any fiscal year)’’ after ‘‘for that fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 894. PROCUREMENT OF TELECOMMUNI-CATIONS SUPPLIES FOR EXPERI-MENTAL PURPOSES. 
Section 2373 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘telecommunications,’’ after ‘‘space flight,’’. 
SEC. 895. ACCESS BY DEVELOPMENTAL AND OPERATIONAL TESTING ACTIVITIES TO DATA REGARDING MODELING AND SIMULATION ACTIVITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The Director shall have prompt access to all data regarding modeling and simulation ac-tivity proposed to be used by military depart-ments and defense agencies in support of oper-ational or live fire test and evaluation of mili-tary capabilities. This access shall include data associated with verification, validation, and ac-creditation activities.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL TESTING DATA.—Develop- mental Test and Evaluation activities under the leadership of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall have prompt access to all data regarding modeling and simulation activity proposed to be used by military departments and defense agencies in support of developmental test and evaluation of military capabilities. This access shall include data associated with verification, validation, and accreditation ac-tivities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4104 June 19, 2018 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters 
SEC. 901. POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RE-SEARCH AND ENGINEERING IN CON-NECTION WITH PRIORITY EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out duties under section 133a of title 10, United States Code, in connection with the National Defense Strategy of the Department of Defense of 2018, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall have the authority to direct the Secre-taries of the military departments, and the heads of all other elements of the Department of Defense with regard to matters for which the Under Secretary has responsibility, with respect to programs, projects, and activities in connec-tion with technology areas given priority, in-cluding technology areas as follows: (1) Directed energy. (2) Hypersonics. (3) Artificial intelligence. (4) Future space satellite architectures. (b) D
IRECTION OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary shall carry out any powers and duties under this sec-tion under the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section may be construed as altering or re-vising the authority, direction, and control of the Under Secretary by the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of Defense. (c) S
ATELLITE ARCHITECTURES .— (1) N
O DIRECTIONAL AUTHORITY FOR SPACE  
LAUNCH VEHICLES .—The authority in subsection (a) with respect to future space satellite archi-tectures does not include the following: (A) Authority for space launch vehicles. (B) Authority for direction of the Evolved Ex-pendable Launch Vehicle program, including any program, project, or activity relating to the Next Generation Launch System. (2) F
INAL DECISIONAL AUTHORITY ON ARCHI -
TECTURES .—The Deputy Secretary of Defense shall have final decisional authority over any decision on future space satellite architecture under the authority in subsection (a). The Dep-uty Secretary shall exercise such final decisional authority in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments. (d) C
OORDINATION .—In executing powers and duties under this section, the Under Secretary shall consult with appropriate officials of the military departments and the Defense Agencies in order to maximize support of effective and ef-ficient execution of the National Defense Strat-egy referred to in subsection (a). (e) E
XPIRATION .—The authority of the Under Secretary under this section shall expire on the date that is one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 902. REDESIGNATION AND MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-SONNEL AND READINESS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION AND RESPONSIBILITIES AS  U
NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-
SONNEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 136 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and Readiness’’ each place it appears; and (B) by striking subsection (d). (2) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 136. Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel’’. (b) D
ESIGNATION AS CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL  O
FFICER .—Such section is further amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Under Secretary is the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Defense for purposes of chapter 14 of title 5.’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 4 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 136 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘136. Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel.’’. (d) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE 10 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 10, United States Code, is further amended as fol-lows: (A) In section 131(b)(3), by striking subpara-graph (E) and inserting the following new sub-paragraph (E): ‘‘(D) The Undersecretary of Defense for Per-sonnel.’’. (B) In section 137(c), by striking ‘‘and Readi-ness’’. (2) E
XECUTIVE SCHEDULE LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel.’’. (e) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readi-ness in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel. 
SEC. 903. MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DE-FENSE FOR POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 134(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) The Under Secretary shall assist the Sec-retary of Defense in the following: ‘‘(A) Preparing the National Defense Strategy, as required by section 113 of this title. ‘‘(B) Preparing policy guidance for the prepa-ration of campaign and contingency plans by the commanders of the combatant commands, and in reviewing such plans. ‘‘(C) Preparing policy guidance for the devel-opment of the global force posture. ‘‘(D) Preparing policy guidance to direct the formulation of program and budget requests by the military departments and other elements of the Department of Defense, and reviewing such requests in the annual planning, programming, and budget process. ‘‘(E) Developing planning scenarios that de-scribe the present and future strategic and oper-ational environments by which to assess joint force capabilities and readiness. ‘‘(F) Developing specific outcomes that the joint force should be ready to achieve and con-ducting assessments of the readiness of the joint force to achieve such outcomes. ‘‘(G) Devising specific criteria to direct re-views by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the implementation of the capability and readiness priorities of the Secretary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on February 1, 2019. 
SEC. 904. REPORT ON ALLOCATION OF FORMER RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR AC-QUISITION, TECHNOLOGY, AND LO-GISTICS. 
Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the fol-lowing: (1) A list of each provision of law, whether within or outside title 10, United States Code, in force as of the date of the report that, as of that date, assigns a duty, responsibility, or other re-quirement to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. (2) For each duty, responsibility, or other re-quirement specified in a provision of law listed pursuant to paragraph (1), the allocation of such duty, responsibility, or requirement within the Department of Defense, including— (A) solely to the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering; (B) solely to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment; (C) on a shared basis between the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion and Sustainment; (D) solely to another official or organization of the Department; (E) on a shared basis between other officials and organizations of the Department; or (F) not allocated. SEC. 905. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR STRATEGY, PLANS, ASSESS-MENTS, READINESS, AND CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 138(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5)(A) One of the Assistant Secretaries is the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, Assessments, Readiness and Capabilities. ‘‘(B) The principal duty of the Assistant Sec-retary shall be to support the Secretary of De-fense in developing the National Defense Strat-egy (as required by section 113 of this title) and related policy guidance for the campaign and contingency plans, force development and de-fense posture priorities, and readiness objectives required to execute the Strategy. ‘‘(C) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary and the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Policy, the Assistant Sec-retary shall be responsible for the following: ‘‘(i) In matters relating to strategy and force planning, the following: ‘‘(I) Supporting the Secretary and the Under Secretary in preparing the National Defense Strategy. ‘‘(II) Producing policy guidance to direct the formulation of program and budget requests by the military departments and other elements of the Department, including the Defense Planning Guidance as required by section 113 of this title, and review such program and budget requests. ‘‘(III) Proposing alternative force sizes and structures, joint capabilities and concepts, and roles and missions for the armed forces to inform the development of annual program and budget requests. ‘‘(ii) In matters relating to plans and force posture, the following: ‘‘(I) Supporting the Secretary and the Under Secretary in producing policy guidance to in-form the development of campaign and contin-gency plans by the commanders of the combat-ant commands, including the Contingency Plan-ning Guidance for Employment of the Force and the Global Defense Posture Report as required by section 113 of this title, and reviewing such plans. ‘‘(II) Advising the Secretary and the Under Secretary on alternative concepts for the em-ployment and posture of the joint force to align with the National Defense Strategy and other approved policy guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) In matters relating to assessments, the following: ‘‘(I) Developing planning scenarios that de-scribe the present and future strategic and oper-ational environments by which to assess joint force capabilities and readiness. ‘‘(II) Producing detailed assessments at the strategic, campaign, and mission levels (includ-ing through war games) to evaluate the present and future capability and readiness of the armed forces to conduct joint military cam-paigns or competitions that are prioritized in approved policy guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(III) Devising specific criteria to direct re-views by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the implementation of the capability and readiness priorities estab-lished in approved policy guidance of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(iv) In matters relating to readiness, the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4105 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(I) Describing the strategic, campaign, and mission outcomes that the joint force should be ready to achieve and by which joint force readi-ness will be assessed, in accordance with ap-proved strategic guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(II) Conducting assessments of the readiness of the joint force to perform the missions prioritized in the National Defense Strategy and other approved policy guidance of the Secretary, including through the observation of military training and exercises. ‘‘(v) In matters relating to strategic capabili-ties, developing and supervising policy, program planning and execution, and allocation and use of resources for any strategic capabilities des-ignated by the Under Secretary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on February 1, 2019. 
SEC. 906. CLARIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES OF THE CHIEF INFOR-MATION OFFICER OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 142(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(other than with respect to business systems and man-agement)’’ after ‘‘sections 3506(a)(2)’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘section 11315 of title 40’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 11315 and 11319 of title 40 (other than with respect to business systems and management)’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sections 2222, 2223(a), and 2224 of this title’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sections 2223(a) (other than with respect to business systems and management) and 2224 of this title’’. 
SEC. 907. SPECIFICATION OF CERTAIN DUTIES OF THE DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMA-TION CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In addition to any other du-ties specified for the Defense Technical Informa-tion Center by law, regulation, or Department of Defense directive or instruction, the duties of the Center shall include the following: (1) To execute the Global Research Watch Program under section 2365 of title 10, United States Code. (2) To develop and maintain datasets and other data repositories on research and engi-neering activities being conducted within the Department. (b) A
CTION PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan of action for the commencement by the Defense Technical In-formation Center of the duties specified in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 908. LIMITATION ON TERMINATION OF, AND TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS, RESPON-SIBILITIES, AND ACTIVITIES OF, THE STRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not terminate the Strategic Capabilities Of-fice or transfer the functions or responsibilities of such office to another entity or organization until the Secretary— (1) certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that the key functions, responsibilities, and activities of the office will be replicated and managed elsewhere after such office has been terminated or its functions, responsibilities, or activities have been transferred; (2) submits to the congressional defense com-mittees— (A) a plan to replicate and manage such func-tions, responsibilities, and activities elsewhere; and (B) if the Secretary decides that the Strategic Capabilities Office, or subsequent entity, should report to an official other than the Under Sec-retary for Research and Engineering, a jus-tification for such decision. (b) K
EYFUNCTIONS .—The key functions of the office referred to in subsection (a)(1) are the fol-lowing: (1) Repurposing existing Government and commercial systems for new technological ad-vantage. (2) Developing novel concepts of operation that are lower cost, more effective, and more re-sponsive to changing threats than traditional concepts of operation. (3) Developing joint systems and concepts of operations to meet emerging threats and military requirements based on partnerships with the military services and combatant commanders. (4) Developing prototypes and new concepts of operations that can inform the development of requirements and the establishment of acquisi-tion programs. (5) Such other functions as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. SEC. 909. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT CENTER AUTHORITY. 
Section 196 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in subsections (c)(1)(B) and (g) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-sition, Technology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering’’. Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements 
SEC. 921. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN RESPON-SIBILITIES OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RELAT-ING TO JOINT FORCE CONCEPT DE-VELOPMENT. 
Subparagraph (D) of section 153(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) formulating policies for development and experimentation on both urgent and long-term concepts for the joint employment of the armed forces, including establishment of a process within the Joint Staff for— ‘‘(i) analyzing and prioritizing gaps in capa-bilities that could potentially be addressed by joint concept development using existing or modified joint force capabilities; and ‘‘(ii) ensuring that such joint concepts are tested, assessed and, if appropriate, fielded to support the joint force;’’. 
SEC. 922. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR SPECIAL OPERATIONS AND LOW-INTENSITY CONFLICT REVIEW OF UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS COMMAND. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict shall, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Spe-cial Operations Command, conduct a com-prehensive review of the United States Special Operations Command for purposes of ensuring that the institutional and operational capabili-ties of special operations forces are appropriate to counter anticipated future threats across the spectrum of conflict. (b) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The review required by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) An assessment of the adequacy of special operations forces doctrine, organization, train-ing, materiel, education, personnel, and facili-ties to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy, and recommendations, if any, for modifications for that purpose. (2) An assessment of the roles and responsibil-ities of special operations forces as assigned by law, Department of Defense guidance, or other formal designation and recommendations, if any, for additions to or divestitures of such roles or responsibilities. (3) An assessment of the adequacy of the proc-esses through which the United States Special Operations Command evaluates and prioritizes the requirements at the geographic combatant commands for special operations forces and spe-cial operations-unique capabilities and makes recommendations on the allocation of special operations forces and special operations-unique capabilities to meet such requirements, and rec-ommendations, if any, for modifications of such processes. (4) Any other matters the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate. (c) DEADLINES .— (1) C
OMPLETION OF REVIEW .—The review re-quired by subsection (a) shall be completed by not later than 270 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after completion of the review, the Assistant Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the review, including the findings and any recommendations of the As-sistant Secretary as a result of the review. 
SEC. 923. QUALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFI-CER OF A MILITARY DEPARTMENT. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.—An indi- vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Army unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business oper-ations or management in the public sector; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.—An indi- vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Navy unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business oper-ations or management in the public sector; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF THE AIRFORCE.—An indi- vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Air Force unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business oper-ations or management in the public sector; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. 
SEC. 924. EXPANSION OF PRINCIPAL DUTIES OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY FOR RESEARCH, DEVELOP-MENT, AND ACQUISITION. 
Section 5016(b)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and acquisition matters’’ and inserting ‘‘acquisition, and sustainment (including maintenance) matters’’. 
SEC. 925. CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAMS IN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF CERTAIN TEAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Among the cross-functional teams established by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (c) of section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2345; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) in support of the organizational strategy for the Department of Defense required by subsection (a) of that section, the Secretary shall establish a cross-functional team on each matter as follows: (A) Electronic warfare. (B) Personnel security. (C) Close combat lethality. (2) E
STABLISHMENT AND ACTIVITIES .—Each cross-functional team established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be established in accordance with subsection (c) of section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, and shall be governed in its activities in accord-ance with the provisions of such subsection (c). (3) D
EADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The cross- functional teams required by paragraph (1) shall be established by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) A
DDITIONAL CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAMS  M
ATTERS .— (1) C
RITERIA FOR DISTINGUISHING AMONG  
CROSS -FUNCTIONAL TEAMS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue criteria that distin-guish cross-functional teams under section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 from other types of cross-func-tional working groups, committees, integrated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4106 June 19, 2018 
product teams, and task forces of the Depart-ment. (2) P
RIMARY RESPONSIBILITY FOR IMPLEMENTA -
TION OF TEAMS .—The Deputy Secretary of De-fense shall establish or designate an office with-in the Department that shall have primary re-sponsibility for implementing section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. 
SEC. 926. DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF FULL IMPLEMENTATION OF REQUIRE-MENTS IN CONNECTION WITH ORGA-NIZATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR MANAGEMENT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the implementation of section 922 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2354) and the amendments made by that section is fully com-plete by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally 
SEC. 931. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 117 the following new section: ‘‘§ 118. Major headquarters activities: limita-tion on funds available ‘‘(a) O
VERALL LIMITATION .—In any fiscal year after fiscal year 2020, the aggregate amount that may be obligated and expended on major headquarters activities may not exceed an amount equal to 1.6 percent of the average amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense (including for overseas contingency operations) over the 10 fiscal years ending with the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY FOR PAR-
TICULAR ACTIVITIES .—Within the amount avail-able for a fiscal year pursuant to subsection (a), amounts shall be available as follows: ‘‘(1) For the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, not more than an amount equal to 0.4 percent of the average amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense (in-cluding for overseas contingency operations) over the 10 fiscal years ending with the pre-ceding fiscal year. ‘‘(2) For the major headquarters activities of a military department, not more than an amount equal to 1 percent of the average amount au-thorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense (including for overseas contingency operations) for such military department over the 10 fiscal years ending with the preceding fis-cal year. ‘‘(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REMAINING FUNDS.— Any funds available in a fiscal year for major headquarters activities under subsection (a) after the operation of subsection (b) in connec-tion with such fiscal year may be distributed for availability by the Secretary of Defense among any major headquarters activities other than the Office of the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘major headquarters activities’ has the meaning given the term ‘major Depart-ment of Defense headquarters activities’ in sec-tion 346(b)(3) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 111 note). ‘‘(2) The term ‘major headquarters activities of a military department’ means the following: ‘‘(A) In the case of the Army, the Office of the Secretary of the Army and the Army Staff. ‘‘(B) In the case of the Navy, the Office of the Secretary of the Navy, the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and Headquarters, Marine Corps. ‘‘(C) In the case of the Air Force, the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Air Staff. ‘‘(3) The term ‘Office of the Secretary of De-fense’ includes the Joint Staff.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 2 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 117 the following new item: ‘‘118. Major headquarters activities: limitation on funds available.’’. 
SEC. 932. RESPONSIBILITY FOR POLICY ON CIVIL-IAN CASUALTY MATTERS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF SENIOR CIVILIAN OFFI-
CIAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall designate a senior ci-vilian official of the Department of Defense at or above the level of Assistant Secretary of De-fense to develop, coordinate, and oversee compli-ance with the policy of the Department relating to civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The senior civilian of-ficial designated under subsection (a) shall en-sure that the policy referred to in that sub-section provides for— (1) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for accurately recording kinetic strikes by the United States military; (2) the development and dissemination of best practices for reducing the likelihood of civilian casualties from United States military oper-ations; (3) the development of a publicly available Internet portal for the submittal of allegations of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations; (4) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for reviewing and inves-tigating allegations of civilian casualties result-ing from United States military operations, in-cluding the consideration of relevant informa-tion from all available sources; (5) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for— (A) acknowledging the responsibility of the United States military for civilian casualties re-sulting from United States military operations; and (B) offering ex gratia payments to civilians who have been injured, or to the families of ci-vilians killed, as a result of United States mili-tary operations, as determined to be necessary by the designated senior civilian official; (6) regular engagement with relevant intergov-ernmental and nongovernmental organizations; and (7) public affairs guidance with respect to matters relating to civilian casualties alleged or confirmed to have resulted from United States military operations; and (8) such other matters with respect to civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations as the designated senior civilian offi-cial considers appropriate. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the senior ci-vilian official designated under subsection (a) shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report that describes— (1) the policy developed by the senior civilian official under that subsection; and (2) the efforts of the Department to implement such policy. 
SEC. 933. ADDITIONAL MATTERS IN CONNECTION WITH BACKGROUND AND SECURITY INVESTIGATIONS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTER FOR ANNUAL RE-
PORTS .—Subsection (k)(3) of section 925 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (H) through (L) as subparagraphs (I) through (M), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following new subparagraph (H): ‘‘(H) The number of denials or revocations of a security clearance by each authorized adju-dicative agency that occurred separately from a periodic reinvestigation.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Such section is fur-ther amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-section (m); and (2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-lowing new subsection (l): ‘‘(l) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) personnel security investigations, and continuous evaluation, form an integral part of the security posture of the Department of De-fense; and ‘‘(2) to the extent practicable, the Department should coordinate with the security executive agent to ensure that the results of adjudication decisions, either within initial investigations or reinvestigations, are communicated in a trans-parent manner to ensure public trust in the ad-judication process.’’. 
SEC. 934. PROGRAM OF EXPEDITED SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR MISSION-CRIT-ICAL POSITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secu-rity Executive Agent shall establish a program for the expedited processing of security clear-ances for mission-critical positions, fulfilled by either Government or contract employees. Under such program, the Security Executive Agent shall complete the processing of applications for security clearances— (1) at the secret level in 15 or fewer days; and (2) at the top secret level in 45 days or fewer. (b) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT.—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intelligence act-ing as the Security Executive Agent in accord-ance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SEC. 935. INFORMATION SHARING PROGRAM FOR POSITIONS OF TRUST. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall establish a program to share between and among Federal Government agencies and industry partners of the Federal Government information regarding individuals applying for and in positions of trust, including derogatory and suitability in-formation. (b) P
RIVACY SAFEGUARDS .—The Security Exec-utive Agent shall ensure that the program re-quired by subsection (a) includes such safe-guards for privacy as the Security Executive Agent considers appropriate. (c) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO THE PRI-
VATE SECTOR .—The Security Executive Agent shall ensure that under the program required by subsection (a) sufficient information is provided to the private sector so that employers in the private sector can make informed decisions about hiring and retention in positions of trust, while safeguarding personnel privacy. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secu-rity Executive Agent shall submit to Congress a plan for the implementation of the program re-quired by subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) Matters that address privacy, security, and human resources processes. (B) Such recommendations as the Security Ex-ecutive Agent may have for legislative or admin-istrative action to carry out or improve the pro-gram. (e) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT.—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intelligence act-ing as the Security Executive Agent in accord-ance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SEC. 936. REPORT ON CLEARANCE IN PERSON CONCEPT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4107 June 19, 2018 
the Security Executive Agent shall submit to congressional defense and intelligence commit-tees a report on the requirements, feasibility, and advisability of implementing a clearance in person concept as described in subsection (b) for maintaining access to classified information. (b) C
LEARANCE IN PERSON CONCEPT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Implementation of a clear-ance in person concept as described in this sub-section would permit an individual who has been granted a national security clearance to maintain eligibility for access to classified infor-mation, networks, and facilities after the indi-vidual has separated from service to the Federal Government or transferred to a position that no longer requires access to classified information. (2) R
ECOGNITION AS CURRENT .—The concept described in paragraph (1) would also ensure that, unless otherwise directed by the Security Executive Agent, the individual’s security clear-ance would be recognized as current, regardless of employment status, with no further need for investigation or revalidation until the indi-vidual obtains a position requiring access to classified information. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall address the following: (1) Requirements for continuous vetting. (2) Appropriate safeguards for privacy. (3) An appropriate funding model. (4) Fairness to small business concerns and independent contractors. (d) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT.—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intelligence act-ing as the Security Executive Agent in accord-ance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SEC. 937. STRATEGIC DEFENSE FELLOWS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) F ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall establish within the De-partment of Defense a civilian fellowship pro-gram designed to provide leadership develop-ment and the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership in the Department. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The fellowship program shall be known as the ‘‘Strategic Defense Fel-lows Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘fellows program’’). (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—An individual is eligible for participation in the fellows program if the indi-vidual— (1) is a citizen of the United States or a lawful permanent resident of the United States in the year in which the individual applies for partici-pation in the fellows program; and (2) either— (A) possesses a graduate degree from an ac-credited institution of higher education in the United States that was awarded not later than two years before the date of the acceptance of the individual into the fellows program; or (B) will be awarded a graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States not later than six months after the date of the acceptance of the indi-vidual into the fellows program. (c) A
PPLICATION .— (1) A
PPLICATION REQUIRED .—Each individual seeking to participate in the fellows program shall submit to the Secretary an application therefor at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall specify. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each application of an indi-vidual under this subsection shall include the following: (A) Transcripts of educational achievement at the undergraduate and graduate level. (B) A resume. (C) Proof of citizenship or lawful permanent residence. (D) An endorsement from the applicant’s graduate institution of higher education. (E) An academic writing sample. (F) Letters of recommendation addressing the applicant’s character, academic ability, and any extracurricular activities. (G) A personal statement by the applicant ex-plaining career areas of interest and motivations for service in the Department. (H) Such other information as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) SELECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Secretary shall select participants in the fellows program from among applicants for the fellows program for such year who qualify for participation in the fellows program based on character, commit-ment to public service, academic achievement, extracurricular activities, and such other quali-fications for participation in the fellows pro-gram as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) N
UMBER .—The number of individuals se-lected to participate in the fellows program in any year may not exceed the numbers as fol-lows: (A) Ten individuals from each geographic re-gion of the United States as follows: (i) The Northeast. (ii) The Southeast. (iii) The Midwest. (iv) The Southwest. (v) The West. (B) Ten additional individuals. (3) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—An indi- vidual selected to participate in the fellows pro-gram may not participate in the program unless the individual successfully undergoes a back-ground investigation applicable to the position to which the individual will be assigned under the fellows program and otherwise meets such requirements applicable to assignment to a sen-sitive position within the Department that the Secretary considers appropriate. (e) A
SSIGNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each individual who partici-pates in the fellows program shall be assigned to a position in the Office of the Secretary of De-fense. (2) P
OSITION REQUIREMENTS .—Each Under Secretary of Defense and each Director of a De-fense Agency who reports directly to the Sec-retary shall submit to the Secretary each year the qualifications and skills to be demonstrated by participants in the fellows program to qualify for assignment under this subsection for service in a position of the office of such Under Sec-retary or Director. (3) A
SSIGNMENT TO POSITIONS .—The Secretary shall each year assign participants in the fel-lows program to positions in the offices of the Under Secretaries and Directors described in paragraph (2). In making such assignments, the Secretary shall seek to best match the qualifica-tions and skills of participants in the fellows program with the requirements of positions available for assignment. Each participant so assigned shall serve as a special assistant to the Under Secretary or Director to whom assigned. (4) T
ERM.—The term of each assignment under the fellows program shall be one year. (5) P
AY AND BENEFITS .—An individual as-signed to a position under the fellows program shall be compensated at the rate of compensa-tion for employees at level GS–10 of the General Schedule, and shall be treated as an employee of the United States during the term of assignment, including for purposes of eligibility for health care benefits and retirement benefits available to employees of the United States. (6) E
DUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT .—To the ex-tent that funds are provided in advance in ap-propriations Acts, the Secretary may repay any loan of a participant in the fellows program if the loan is described by subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 16301(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code. Any repayment of loans under this paragraph shall be on a first-come, first-served basis. (f) C
AREER DEVELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ensure that participants in the fellows program— (A) receive opportunities and support appro-priate for the commencement of a career track within the Department leading toward a future position of senior leadership within the Depart-ment, including ongoing mentorship support through appropriate personnel from entities within the Department such as the Defense Business Board and the Defense Innovation Board; and (B) are provided appropriate opportunities for employment and advancement within the De-partment upon successful completion of the fel-lows program. (2) RESERVATION OF POSITIONS .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall reserve for participants who successfully complete the fellows program not fewer than 30 positions in the excepted service within the Department that are suitable for the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership within the De-partment. Any position so reserved shall not be subject to or covered by any reduction in head-quarters personnel required under any other provision of law. (3) N
ONCOMPETITIVE APPOINTMENT .—Upon the successful completion of the assignment of a participant in the fellows program in a position pursuant to subsection (e), the Secretary may, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, ap-point the participant to a position reserved pur-suant to paragraph (2) if the Secretary deter-mines that such appointment will contribute to the development of highly qualified future sen-ior leaders for the Department. (4) P
UBLICATION OF SELECTION .—The Sec- retary shall publish on an Internet website of the Department available to the public the names of the individuals selected to participate in the fellows program. (g) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall under-take appropriate outreach to inform potential participants in the fellows program of the na-ture and benefits of participation in the fellows program. (h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out this section in accordance with such regula-tions as the Secretary may prescribe for pur-poses of this section. (i) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year for the De-partment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance, Defense-wide, $10,000,000 may be avail-able to carry out the fellows program in such fiscal year. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 941. ANALYSIS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS DATASETS TO PRO-MOTE SAVINGS AND EFFICIENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chief Management Of-ficer of the Department of Defense shall develop a policy on analysis of Department of Defense datasets on business management and business operations by the public for purposes of access-ing data analysis capabilities that would pro-mote savings and efficiencies and otherwise en-hance the utility of such datasets to the Depart-ment. (b) I
NITIAL DISCHARGE OF POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Management Offi-cer shall commence the discharge of the policy required pursuant to subsection (a) by— (A) identifying one or more matters— (i) that are of significance to the Department of Defense; (ii) that are currently unresolved; and (iii) whose resolution from a business manage-ment or business operations dataset of the De-partment could benefit from a method or tech-nique of analysis not currently familiar to the Department; (B) identifying between three and five busi-ness management or business operations datasets of the Department not currently avail-able to the public whose evaluation could result in novel data analysis solutions toward manage-ment or operations problems of the Department identified by the Chief Management Officer; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4108 June 19, 2018 
(C) encouraging, whether by competition or other mechanisms, the evaluation of the datasets described in subparagraph (B) by ap-propriate persons and entities in the public or private sector (including academia). (2) P
ROTECTION OF SECURITY AND CONFIDEN -
TIALITY .—In providing for the evaluation of datasets pursuant to this subsection, the Chief Management Officer shall take appropriate ac-tions to protect the security and confidentiality of any information contained in the dataset, in-cluding through special precautions to ensure that any personally identifiable information is not included and no release of information will adversely affect national security missions. 
SEC. 942. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT TO AD-VANCE CAPABILITIES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN DATA IN-TEGRATION AND ADVANCED ANA-LYTICS IN CONNECTION WITH PER-SONNEL SECURITY. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall develop a plan on research and development activities to advance the capabilities of the Department of Defense in data integration and advanced analytics in con-nection with personnel security activities of the Department. The plan shall, to the extent prac-ticable, provide for the leveraging of the capa-bilities of other government entities, institutions of higher education, and private sector entities with advanced, leading-edge expertise in data integration and analytics applicable to the chal-lenges faced by the Department in connection with personnel security. (b) C
OORDINATION .—Any activities under the plan may be carried out in coordination with the Defense Digital Service and the Defense In-novation Board. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall provide to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a briefing on the plan. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2019 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any sub-divisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be avail-able for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in para-graph (3), the total amount of authorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the au-thority of this section may not exceed $4,500,000,000. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer of funds between military personnel authoriza-tions under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in paragraph (2). (b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided by subsection (a) to transfer authorizations— (1) may only be used to provide authority for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is transferred; and (2) may not be used to provide authority for an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. (c) EFFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. (d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall promptly notify Congress of each transfer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. INCLUSION OF FUNDS FOR AIR FORCE PASS-THROUGH ITEMS IN DEFENSE- WIDE BUDGET FOR THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In any budget of the Presi-dent submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for a fis-cal year after fiscal year 2019, any funds for an Air Force pass-through item shall be requested in the Defense-wide budget of the Department of Defense rather than the budget of the Air Force. (b) A
IRFORCE PASS-THROUGH ITEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Air Force pass-through item’’ means a program, project, or activity for which— (1) funds would otherwise be requested for the Air Force; and (2) funds made available for execution will be executed by another department, agency, or ele-ment of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1003. REPORT ON SHIFT IN REQUESTS FOR FUNDS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE ACTIVITIES FROM FUNDS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS TO FUNDS THROUGH THE BASE BUDGET. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 14 days after the submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 pur-suant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-troller) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on any shift during fiscal year 2020 from requests for funds for Depart-ment of Defense activities for overseas contin-gency operations to requests for funds for such activities for the Department generally (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘base budget’’). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the assumptions used by the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces in determining the programs, projects, and activities for which funds were requested for fiscal year 2019 for overseas contingency op-erations for which funds are requested for fiscal year 2020 for the Department generally, includ-ing any changes to the criteria for overseas con-tingency operations funding requests issued in 2010 and used by the Office of Management and Budget in identifying the programs, projects, and activities for which funds are so requested for fiscal year 2020. (2) The programs, projects, and activities of the Department for which funds were requested for fiscal year 2019 for overseas contingency op-erations that are requested in the budget for fis-cal year 2020 to be funded for the Department generally, and the amount for such programs, projects, and activities, set forth at the level of detail as follows: (A) For procurement, by line item. (B) For research, development, test, and eval-uation, by program element (PE) number. (C) For operation and maintenance, by sub- activity group (SAG). (D) For military personnel, by sub-activity group. (E) For revolving and management funds, by sub-activity group. (F) For military construction, by project. 
SEC. 1004. RANKING OF AUDITABILITY OF FINAN-CIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ORGANI-ZATIONS AND ELEMENTS OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT ON RANKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-troller), submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a ranking of the auditability of the financial statements of the departments, agencies, organizations, and elements of the Department of Defense accord-ing to the progress made toward achieving auditability as required by law. (b) CRITERIA FOR RANKING .—The criteria to be used for ranking for purposes of the report under this section shall be— (1) the criteria developed by the Under Sec-retary pursuant to section 1104 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) for a similar report under that section; (2) other criteria developed by the Under Sec-retary for purposes of the report under this sec-tion; or (3) a combination of the criteria described in paragraphs (1) and (2). (c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The report required by this section is in addition to the report required by section 1104 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
SEC. 1005. TRANSPARENCY OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS USED TO SUPPORT DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AUDIT. 
The Secretary of Defense shall require any ac-counting firm under contract or under consider-ation for a contract or for the renewal of an ex-isting contract with the Department of Defense in support of the audit required under section 3521 of title 31, United States Code, to provide a statement setting forth the details of any dis-ciplinary proceedings with respect to the ac-counting firm or its associated persons before any entity with the authority to enforce compli-ance with rules or laws applying to audit serv-ices offered by accounting firms. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1011. DATE OF LISTING OF VESSELS AS BAT-TLE FORCE SHIPS IN THE NAVAL VESSEL REGISTER AND OTHER FLEET INVENTORY MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7301 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) L
ISTING AS BATTLE FORCE SHIP IN NAVAL V
ESSEL REGISTER .—A covered vessel may not be listed in the Naval Vessel Register or other fleet inventory measures as a battle force ship until the delivery date specified in subsection (a).’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Such section is further amended by striking subsection (d), as redesig-nated by subsection (a)(1) of this section, and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered vessel’ means any ves-sel of the Navy that is under construction or constructed using amounts authorized to be ap-propriated for the Department of Defense for shipbuilding and conversion, Navy. ‘‘(2) The term ‘battle force ship’ means the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) A commissioned United States Ship war-ship capable of contributing to combat oper-ations. ‘‘(B) A United States Naval Ship that contrib-utes directly to Navy warfighting or support missions.’’. 
SEC. 1012. ANNUAL REPORTS ON EXAMINATION OF NAVY VESSELS. 
Section 7304 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1 each year, the board designated under sub-section (a) shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report setting forth the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) An overall narrative summary of the ma-terial readiness of Navy ships as compared to es-tablished material requirements standards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4109 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(B) The overall number and types of vessels inspected during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(C) For in-service vessels, material readiness trends by inspected functional area as compared to the previous five years. ‘‘(2) F
ORM.—Each report under this sub-section shall be submitted in an unclassified form that is releasable to the public without fur-ther redaction. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—No report shall be re-quired under this subsection after October 1, 2021.’’. 
SEC. 1013. LIMITATION ON DURATION OF HOME-PORTING OF CERTAIN VESSELS IN FOREIGN LOCATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7310 the following new section: ‘‘§ 7310a. Homeporting of certain vessels in overseas locations: limitation on duration ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A vessel specified in sub-section (b) that is listed in the Naval Vessel Reg-ister may not be homeported in a location other than in the United States or Guam for a period of more than 10 consecutive years. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED VESSELS .—The vessels specified in this subsection are the following: ‘‘(1) Aircraft carrier. ‘‘(2) Amphibious ship. ‘‘(3) Cruiser. ‘‘(4) Destroyer. ‘‘(5) Frigate. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief of Naval Oper-ations may waive the applicability of subsection (a) to a ship. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVENESS CONTINGENT ON REPORT .— A waiver under paragraph (1) with respect to a ship shall go into effect on the date on which the Chief of Naval Operations submits to the congressional defense committees a report on the waiver setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) The ship covered by the waiver. ‘‘(B) The duration of the waiver for such ship ‘‘(C) The justification of the Chief of Naval Operations for the waiver.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 7310 the following new item: ‘‘7310a. Homeporting of certain vessels in over-seas locations: limitation on dura-tion.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2020, and shall apply with respect to the home-porting of vessels after that date, regardless of whether the continuous period of homeporting concerned commenced before that date. 
SEC. 1014. SPECIFIC AUTHORIZATION REQUIRE-MENT FOR NUCLEAR REFUELING OF AIRCRAFT CARRIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7314 the following new section: ‘‘§ 7314a. Nuclear refueling of aircraft car-riers: specific authorization required ‘‘Funds may not be obligated or expended for the procurement of a naval nuclear reactor power unit or associated reactor components for the nuclear refueling of an aircraft carrier un-less such refueling is specifically authorized, by ship name and hull number, by statute.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 7314 the following new item: ‘‘7314a. Nuclear refueling of aircraft carriers: specific authorization required.’’. 
SEC. 1015. DISMANTLEMENT AND DISPOSAL OF NUCLEAR-POWERED AIRCRAFT CAR-RIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7320. Nuclear-powered aircraft carriers: dismantlement and disposal ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not less than 90 days be-fore the award of a contract for the dismantle-ment and disposal of a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, or the provision of funds to a naval shipyard for the dismantlement and disposal of a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(1) A cost and schedule baseline for the dis-mantlement and disposal approved by the serv-ice acquisition executive of the Department of the Navy and the Chief of Naval Operations. ‘‘(2) An independent cost estimate of the dis-mantlement and disposal prepared by the Office of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation. ‘‘(3) A description of the regulatory frame-work applicable to the management of radio-active materials in connection with the dis-mantlement and disposal, including, in cases in which the Navy intends to have another govern-ment entity serve as the regulatory enforcement authority— ‘‘(A) a certification from that entity of its agreement to serve as the regulatory enforce-ment authority; and ‘‘(B) a description of the legal basis for the authority of that entity to serve as the regu-latory enforcement authority. ‘‘(b) S
UPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION WITH B
UDGETS .—In the materials submitted to Con-gress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget of the President for a fiscal year (as submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31), the Secretary of the Navy shall include information on each dismantlement and disposal of a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier occurring or planned to occur during the period of the fu-ture-years defense program submitted to Con-gress with that budget. Such information shall include, by ship concerned, the following: ‘‘(1) A summary of activities and significant developments in connection with such dis-mantlement and disposal. ‘‘(2) If applicable, a detailed description of cost and schedule performance against the base-line for such dismantlement and disposal estab-lished pursuant to subsection (a), including a description of and explanation for any variance from such baseline. ‘‘(3) A description of the amounts requested, or intended or estimated to be requested, for such dismantlement and disposal for each of the following: ‘‘(A) Each fiscal year covered by the future- years defense program. ‘‘(B) Any fiscal years before the fiscal years covered by the future-years defense program. ‘‘(C) Any fiscal years after the end of the pe-riod of the future-years defense program. ‘‘(c) F
UTURE -YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘future-years defense program’ means the future-years de-fense program required by section 221 of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘7320. Nuclear-powered aircraft carriers; dis-mantlement and disposal.’’. 
SEC. 1016. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Section 2218(f)(3)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘two foreign con-structed ships’’ and inserting ‘‘seven foreign constructed ships during the period beginning with fiscal year 2019 and ending with fiscal year 2030’’. 
SEC. 1017. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF HOSPITAL SHIPS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to re-tire, transfer, or place in storage any hospital ship. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the limitation in subsection (a) with re-spect to a hospital ship if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has— (1) identified a replacement capability, and the necessary quantity of systems, to meet all hospital ship requirements of the combatant commands that are currently being met by such hospital ship; (2) achieved initial operational capability of all systems described in paragraph (1); and (3) deployed a sufficient quantity of systems described in paragraph (1) that have achieved initial operational capability in order to con-tinue to meet or exceed all requirements of the combatant commands that are currently being met by such hospital ship. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1021. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 1033 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1022. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONSTRUCT OR MOD-IFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1034(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1023. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO CER-TAIN COUNTRIES. 
Section 1035 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1024. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE OR RELIN-QUISH CONTROL OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1036 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended inserting ‘‘or 2019’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. 
SEC. 1025. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES TEM-PORARILY FOR EMERGENCY OR CRITICAL MEDICAL TREATMENT. 
(a) T EMPORARY TRANSFER FOR MEDICAL  T
REATMENT .—Notwithstanding section 1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), as amended by section 1021 of this Act, or any similar provi-sion of law enacted after September 30, 2015, the Secretary of Defense may, after consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, tem-porarily transfer an individual detained at Guantanamo to a Department of Defense med-ical facility in the United States for the sole purpose of providing the individual medical treatment if the Secretary of Defense determines that— (1) the medical treatment of the individual is necessary to prevent death or imminent signifi-cant injury or harm to the health of the indi-vidual; (2) the necessary medical treatment is not available to be provided at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, without in-curring excessive and unreasonable costs; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4110 June 19, 2018 
(3) the Department of Defense has provided for appropriate security measures for the cus-tody and control of the individual during any period in which the individual is temporarily in the United States under this section. (b) L
IMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— The authority of the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a) may be exercised only by the Sec-retary of Defense or another official of the De-partment of Defense at the level of Under Sec-retary of Defense or higher. (c) C
ONDITIONS OF TRANSFER .—An individual who is temporarily transferred under the au-thority in subsection (a) shall— (1) while in the United States, remain in the custody and control of the Secretary of Defense at all times; and (2) be returned to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as soon as feasible after a Department of Defense physician deter-mines, in consultation with the Commander, Joint Task Force-Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, that any necessary follow-up medical care may rea-sonably be provided the individual at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. (d) S
TATUS WHILE IN UNITED STATES .—An in- dividual who is temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a), while in the United States— (1) shall be deemed at all times and in all re-spects to be in the uninterrupted custody of the Secretary of Defense, as though the individual remained physically at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; (2) shall not at any time be subject to, and may not apply for or obtain, or be deemed to enjoy, any right, privilege, status, benefit, or eligibility for any benefit under any provision of the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)), or any other law or regulation; (3) shall not be permitted to avail himself of any right, privilege, or benefit of any law of the United States beyond those available to individ-uals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay; and (4) shall not, as a result of such transfer, have a change in any designation that may have at-tached to that detainee while detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force (Public Law 107–40), as determined in accordance with applicable law and regula-tions. (e) N
OCAUSE OF ACTION .—Any decision to transfer or not to transfer an individual made under the authority in subsection (a) shall not give rise to any claim or cause of action. (f) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider any claim or ac-tion against the United States or its depart-ments, agencies, officers, employees, or agents arising from or relating to any aspect of the de-tention, transfer, treatment, or conditions of confinement of an individual transferred under this section. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR HABEAS CORPUS .—The United States District Court for the District of Columbia shall have exclusive jurisdiction to consider an application for writ of habeas cor-pus seeking release from custody filed by or on behalf of an individual who is in the United States pursuant to a temporary transfer under the authority in subsection (a). Such jurisdic-tion shall be limited to that required by the Con-stitution, and relief shall be only as provided in paragraph (3). In such a proceeding the court may not review, halt, or stay the return of the individual who is the object of the application to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, pursuant to subsection (c). (3) R
ELIEF .—A court order in a proceeding covered by paragraph (2)— (A) may not order the release of the individual within the United States; and (B) shall be limited to an order of release from custody which, when final, the Secretary of De-fense shall implement in accordance with sec-tion 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 801 note). (g) NOTIFICATION .—Whenever a temporary transfer of an individual detained at Guanta-namo is made under the authority of subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the transfer not later than five days after the date on which the transfer is made. (h) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual detained at Guantanamo’’ means an individual located at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— (1) is not a national of the United States (as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)) or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. (i) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to an individual temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a) regardless of the status of any pending or completed proceeding or detention on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations 
SEC. 1031. STRATEGIC GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
Section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs (2) through (4): ‘‘(2)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1), the Secretary, with the advice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall each year provide to the officials and officers re-ferred in paragraph (1)(A), and submit to the congressional defense committees, written guid-ance (to be known as ‘Defense Planning Guid-ance’) establishing goals, priorities, and objec-tives, including fiscal constraints, to direct the preparation and review of the program and budget recommendations of all elements of the Department, including— ‘‘(i) the priority military missions of the De-partment, including the assumed force planning scenarios and constructs; ‘‘(ii) the force size and shape, force posture, defense capabilities, force readiness, infrastruc-ture, organization, personnel, technological in-novation, and other elements of the defense pro-gram necessary to support the strategy required by paragraph (1); ‘‘(iii) the resource levels projected to be avail-able for the period of time for which such rec-ommendations and proposals are to be effective; and ‘‘(iv) a discussion of any changes in the strat-egy required by paragraph (1) and assumptions underpinning the strategy, as required by para-graph (1). ‘‘(B) The guidance required by this paragraph shall be produced in February each year in order to support the planning and budget proc-ess. The guidance shall be submitted to the con-gressional defense committees together with the budget of the President (as submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31) for the fiscal year beginning in the year in which such guidance is submitted. ‘‘(3)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1) and in conjunction with the re-porting requirement in section 2687a of this title, the Secretary, with the approval of the Presi-dent and the advice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall, on the basis pro-vided in subparagraph (E), provide to the offi-cials and officers referred to in paragraph (1)(A), and submit to the congressional defense committees, written guidance (to be known as ‘Contingency Planning Guidance’ or ‘Guidance for Employment of the Force’) on the prepara-tion and review of contingency and campaign plans, including plans for providing support to civil authorities in an incident of national sig-nificance or a catastrophic incident, for home-land defense, and for military support to civil authorities. ‘‘(B) The guidance required by this paragraph shall include the following: ‘‘(i) A description of the manner in which lim-ited existing forces and resources shall be prioritized and apportioned to achieve the objec-tives described in the strategy required by para-graph (1). ‘‘(ii) A description of the relative priority of contingency and campaign plans, specific force levels, and supporting resource levels projected to be available for the period of time for which such plans are to be effective. ‘‘(C) The guidance required by this paragraph shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Prioritized global, regional, and func-tional policy objectives that the armed forces should plan to achieve, including plans for de-liberate and contingency scenarios. ‘‘(ii) Policy and strategic assumptions that should guide military planning, including the role of foreign partners. ‘‘(iii) Guidance on global posture and global force management. ‘‘(iv) Security cooperation priorities. ‘‘(v) Specific guidance on United States and Department nuclear policy. ‘‘(D) The guidance required by this paragraph shall be the primary source document to be used by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in— ‘‘(i) executing the global military integration responsibilities described in section 153 of this title; and ‘‘(ii) developing implementation guidance for the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the commanders of the combatant commands. ‘‘(E) The guidance required by this paragraph shall be produced every two years, or more fre-quently as needed. ‘‘(F) The guidance required by this paragraph shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees as required by subparagraph (A) in February of each year in which produced, and shall be accompanied by any written implemen-tation documentation produced by the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for purposes of such guidance. ‘‘(4)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1), the Secretary, with the advice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall each year produce, and submit to the congres-sional defense committee, a report (to be known as the ‘Global Defense Posture Report’) that shall include the following: ‘‘(i) A description of major changes to United States forces, capabilities, and equipment as-signed and allocated outside the United States, focused on significant alterations, additions, or reductions to such global defense posture that are required to execute the strategy and plans of the Department. ‘‘(ii) A description of the supporting network of infrastructure, facilities, pre-positioned stocks, and war reserve materiel required for execution of major contingency plans of the De-partment. ‘‘(iii) A list of all enduring locations, includ-ing main operating bases, forward operating sites, and cooperative security locations. ‘‘(iv) A description of the status of treaty, ac-cess, cost-sharing, and status-protection agree-ments with foreign nations. ‘‘(v) A summary of the priority posture initia-tives for each region by the commanders of the combatant commands. ‘‘(vi) For each military department, a sum-mary of the implications for overseas posture of any force structure changes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4111 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(vii) A description of the costs incurred out-side the United States during the preceding fis-cal year in connection with operating, main-taining, and supporting United States forces outside the United States for each military de-partment, broken out by country, and whether for operation and maintenance, infrastructure, or transportation. ‘‘(viii) A description of the amount of direct support for the stationing of United States forces provided by each host nation during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) The report required by this paragraph shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees as required by subparagraph (A) by not later than April 30 each year. ‘‘(C) In this paragraph, the term ‘United States’, when used in a geographic sense, in-cludes the territories and possessions of the United States’’. 
SEC. 1032. GUIDANCE ON THE ELECTRONIC WAR-FARE MISSION AREA AND JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM OP-ERATIONS. 
(a) P ROCESSES AND PROCEDURES FOR INTEGRA -
TION.—The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) establish processes and procedures to de-velop, integrate, and enhance the electronic warfare mission area and the conduct of joint electromagnetic spectrum operations in all do-mains across the Department of Defense; and (2) ensure that such processes and procedures provide for integrated defense-wide strategy, planning, and budgeting with respect to the conduct of such operations by the Department, including activities conducted to counter and deter such operations by malign actors. (b) D
ESIGNATED SENIOR OFFICIAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-ignate a senior official of the Department of De-fense (in this section referred to as the ‘‘des-ignated senior official’’) who shall implement and oversee the processes and procedures estab-lished under subsection (a). The designated sen-ior official shall be designated by the Secretary from among individuals serving in the Depart-ment at or below the level of Under Secretary of Defense. The designated senior official shall oversee and chair the cross-functional team es-tablished pursuant to subsection (c) and the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee estab-lished in March 2015. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The designated senior official shall have, with respect to the imple-mentation and oversight of the processes and procedures established under subsection (a), the following responsibilities: (A) Development of a strategic framework for the conduct and execution of the electronic war-fare mission area and joint electromagnetic spectrum operations by the Department, coordi-nated across all relevant elements of the Depart-ment, including both near-term and long-term guidance for the conduct of such operations. (B) Oversight of resource management for the development and integration of electronic war-fare capabilities of the Department. (3) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION ON BUDGETING FOR  
CERTAIN CAPABILITIES .—Each budget for fiscal years 2020 through 2024 submitted by the Presi-dent to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall include a cer-tification by the senior designated official, as chair of the Electronic Warfare Executive Com-mittee, whether sufficient funds are requested in such budget for anticipated activities in such fiscal year for each of the following: (A) The development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint electro-magnetic spectrum operations. (B) The establishment and operation of associ-ated Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations cells. (c) C
ROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAM FOR ELECTRONIC  W
ARFARE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall, in accordance with section 911(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2345; 10 U.S.C. 111 note), establish a cross-functional team for electronic warfare in order to identify gaps in electronic warfare capabilities and ca-pacities within the Department across per-sonnel, procedural, and equipment areas. (2) SPECIFIC DUTIES .—The cross-functional team established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide recommendations to address gaps identified as described in that paragraph to the senior designated official. (d) P
LANS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR ELEC-
TRONIC WARFARE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall require the designated senior official to task the cross- functional team established pursuant to sub-section (c) to develop requirements and specific plans for addressing personnel and capability gaps in the electronic warfare mission area, and plans for future warfare in that domain (includ-ing a roadmap for the next five years). (2) U
PDATE OF STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the cross-functional team shall— (A) update the strategy of the Department of Defense titled ‘‘The DOD Electronic Warfare Strategy’’ and dated June 2017 to include the roadmap referred to in paragraph (1); and (B) submit the updated strategy to the des-ignated senior official for transmittal to the con-gressional defense committees. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The requirements and plans developed by the cross-functional team pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An accounting of the efforts undertaken in support of the strategy referred to in para-graph (2)(A) since its issuance in June 2017. (B) A description of any updates or changes to the strategy since its issuance, and a descrip-tion of any anticipated updates or changes to the strategy as a result of the designation of the designated senior official. (C) An assessment of vulnerabilities identified in the May 2015 Electronic Warfare assessment by the Defense Science Board. (D) An assessment of the capability of joint forces to conduct joint electromagnetic spectrum operations against near-peer adversaries and any capability or capacity gaps in such capa-bility that need to be addressed, including an assessment of the ability of joint forces to con-duct coordinated military operations to exploit, attack, protect, and manage the electromagnetic environment in the Signals Intelligence, Elec-tronic Warfare, and Spectrum Management mis-sion areas. (E) A review of the roles of offices within the Joint Staff, the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, and the combatant commands with pri-mary responsibility for joint electromagnetic spectrum policy and operations. (F) A description of any assumptions about the roles and contributions of the Department, in coordination with other departments and agencies of the United States Government, with respect to the strategy. (G) A description of actions, performance metrics, and projected timelines for achieving key capabilities for electronic warfare and joint electromagnetic spectrum operations to cor-respond to the four thematic goals identified in the strategy and as addressed by the roadmap. (H) An analysis of any personnel, resourcing, capability, authority, or other gaps to be ad-dressed in order to ensure effective implementa-tion of the strategy across all relevant elements of the Department, including an update on each of the following: (i) The development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint electro-magnetic spectrum operations. (ii) The establishment and operation of Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations cells at critical combatant command locations. (I) An investment framework and projected timeline for addressing any gaps described by subparagraph (H). (J) In consultation with the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency— (i) a comprehensive assessment of the elec-tronic warfare capabilities of the Russian Fed-eration and People’s Republic of China; (ii) a review of vulnerabilities with respect to electronic systems, such as the Global Posi-tioning System, and in Department-wide abili-ties to conduct countermeasures in response to electronic warfare attacks; and (iii) a holistic study of all aspects of the man-ner in which the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China develop electronic warfare doctrine, with order of battle across multiple domains, and long-term research trends of each country in connection with such war-fare. (K) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (4) PERIODIC STATUS REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the requirements and plans re-quired by paragraph (1) are submitted in ac-cordance with paragraph (2), and every 90 days thereafter during the three-year period begin-ning on the date such plans and requirements are first submitted in accordance with para-graph (2), the designated senior official shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the status of the efforts of the Department in accomplishing the tasks specified in subparagraphs (B) and (G) of paragraph (3). (e) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—Consistent with the elements under subsection (d)(3) of the plans and requirements required by subsection (d)(1), the cross-functional team established pursuant to subsection (c) shall provide the sen-ior designated official recommendations for pro-grams to provide training and education to such members of the Armed Forces and civilian em-ployees of the Department as the Secretary con-siders appropriate in order to ensure that such members and employees understand the roles and vulnerabilities associated with electronic warfare and dependence on the electromagnetic spectrum. 
SEC. 1033. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS COMMAND GLOBAL MES-SAGING AND COUNTER-MESSAGING PLATFORM. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act may be used for United States Special Operations Command’s Global Messaging and Counter-Messaging platform until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a report con-taining the following elements: (1) A review of the doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel and facilities applicable to military information support personnel, including, at a minimum— (A) an assessment of current doctrine, organi-zation, training, materiel, leadership and edu-cation, personnel and facilities; and (B) recommended changes for enhancing the ability of military information support personnel to operate effectively in the current and future information environment. (2) An implementation plan for the establish-ment of the platform, including a timeline for achieving initial and full operational capability. (3) A description of the budget requirements for the platform to reach full operational capa-bility, including an identification and cost of any infrastructure and equipment requirements. (4) A summary of costs to operate and sustain the platform across the future year’s defense plan. (5) An explanation of the Secretary’s guidance to the combatant commands to ensure unity of effort and prevent the proliferation of messaging and counter-messaging platforms. (6) A detailed description of the processes for deconfliction and, where possible, integration of platform planning and activities with those of relevant departments and agencies of the United States Government, including the Department of State’s Global Engagement Center. (7) An identification of any additional au-thorities that may be required for achieving full operational capability of the platform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4112 June 19, 2018 
(8) Any other matters deemed relevant by the Secretary. 
SEC. 1034. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE BASING OF KC–46A AIRCRAFT OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the Depart-ment of Defense is continuing its process of per-manently stationing KC–46A aircraft at installa-tions in the continental United States (CONUS) and forward-basing outside the continental United States (OCONUS). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, as part of the strategic basing process for KC–46A aircraft, should continue to place emphasis on and consider the benefits derived from locations outside the continental United States that— (1) support day-to-day air refueling oper-ations, operations plans of the combatant com-mands, and flexibility for contingency oper-ations, and have— (A) a strategic location that is essential to the defense of the United States and its interests; (B) receivers for boom or probe-and-drogue training opportunities with joint and inter-national partners; and (C) sufficient airfield and airspace availability and capacity to meet requirements; and (2) possess facilities that— (A) take full advantage of existing infrastruc-ture to provide— (i) runway, hangars, and aircrew and mainte-nance operations; and (ii) sufficient fuels receipt, storage, and dis-tribution capacities for a 5-day peacetime oper-ating stock; and (B) minimize overall construction and oper-ational costs. 
SEC. 1035. RELINQUISHMENT OF LEGISLATIVE JURISDICTION OF CRIMINAL OF-FENSES COMMITTED BY JUVENILES ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any military installation or portion of a military installation of which exclusive legislative jurisdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles is re-tained by the United States as of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall seek to relinquish to the State, Common-wealth, territory, or possession concerned legis-lative jurisdiction of such offenses such that the United States and the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession, as the case may be, have concurrent legislative jurisdiction of such of-fenses. (b) M
ANNER OF RELINQUISHMENT .—Legislative jurisdiction shall be relinquished pursuant to subsection (a) in the manner provided in section 2683(a) of title 10, United States Code. (c) D
EADLINE .—The Secretaries concerned shall, to the extent practicable, complete relin-quishment of legislative jurisdiction pursuant to subsection (a) by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to Congress a report on the relinquishment of legislative juris-diction pursuant to subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report of a Secretary under this subsection shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A list of the installations or portions of in-stallations under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary of which exclusive legislative jurisdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles is re-tained by the United States as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) A list of the installations or portions of in-stallations listed pursuant to subparagraph (A) for which legislative jurisdiction was relin-quished pursuant to subsection (a) as of the date that is one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (C) A list of the installations or portions of in-stallations listed pursuant to subparagraph (A) for which legislative jurisdiction was not relin-quished pursuant to subsection (a) as of the date that is one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and, for each such installation or portion of installation, the reasons why such legislative jurisdiction was not so relinquished. (e) SECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1036. POLICY ON RESPONSE TO JUVENILE- ON-JUVENILE ABUSE COMMITTED ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a policy, applicable across the military installations of the Department of De-fense (including installations outside the United States), on the response of the Department to al-legations of juvenile-on-juvenile abuse on mili-tary installations. The policy shall be designed to ensure a consistent, standardized response to such allegations across the Department. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The policy required by this section shall provide for the following: (1) Any report or other allegation of juvenile- on-juvenile abuse on a military installation that is received by the installation commander, a law enforcement organization, a Family Advocacy Program, a chid development center, or a De-partment school operating on the installation or otherwise under Department administration for the installation shall be reviewed by the Family Advocacy Program of the installation. (2) Personnel of Family Advocacy Programs conducting reviews shall have appropriate training and experience in working with juve-niles. (3) Family Advocacy Programs conducting re-views shall conduct a multi-faceted, multi-dis-ciplinary review and recommend treatment, counseling, or other appropriate interventions for complainants and respondents. (4) Each review shall be conducted— (A) with full involvement of appropriate au-thorities and entities, including parents or legal guardians of the juveniles involved (if prac-ticable); and (B) to the extent practicable, in a manner that protects the sensitive nature of the incident con-cerned, using language appropriate to the treat-ment of juveniles in written policies and commu-nication with families. (5) The requirement for investigation of a re-port or other allegation shall not be deemed to terminate or alter any otherwise applicable re-quirement to report or forward the report or al-legation to appropriate Federal, State, or local authorities as possible criminal activity. (6) There shall be established and maintained a centralized database of information on each incident of abuse that is reviewed by a Family Advocacy Program under this section, with— (A) the information in such database kept strictly confidential; and (B) because the information involves alleged conduct by juveniles, additional special pre-cautions taken to ensure the information is available only to persons who require access to the information. (7) There shall be entered into the database, for each substantiated or unsubstantiated inci-dent of abuse, appropriate information on the incident, including— (A) a description of the allegation; (B) whether or not the review is completed; (C) whether or not the incident was subject to an investigation by a law enforcement organiza-tion or entity, and the status and results of such investigation; and (D) whether or not action was taken in re-sponse to the incident, and the nature of the ac-tion, if any, so taken. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1041. REPORT ON HIGHEST-PRIORITY ROLES AND MISSIONS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the National Defense Strategy correctly characterizes the leading strategic challenges facing the United States as the reemergence of great power competition, the erosion of the United States military technological advantage, enduring violent extremism and instability in the broader Middle East and Africa, and contin-ued uncertainty in the United States about the availability of sufficient resources for national defense; (2) the National Defense Strategy correctly prioritizes the development of a more lethal joint force that is ready to deter and, if necessary, de-feat aggression by great power competitors with advanced military capabilities, while conducting counterterrorism operations in a more sustain-able manner, together with allies and partners; (3) the National Defense Strategy, and the im-plications of the Strategy for the size, structure, shape, roles, missions, and employment of the joint force, was not completed in time to inform fully the budget of the President for national defense for fiscal year 2019; (4) many Department of Defense programs of record are upgraded replacements of legacy sys-tems that were not premised on the assumption that future conflict could occur in highly-con-tested environments against militarily advanced near-peer rivals; (5) considerable growth in the size of the mili-tary will not be possible without growth in the budget, because the current future-years defense program assumes that defense spending after fiscal year 2019 will only increase at the rate of inflation, while costs for two of the largest driv-ers of costs for the Department, namely military personnel and operation and maintenance, con-tinue to grow faster than the rate of inflation; (6) the Senate strongly supports the pursuit by the Department of budgetary savings through internal reform and efficiencies, but notes that previous attempts to generate additional re-sources through such mechanisms did not gen-erate resources as planned; (7) increased force modernization investments must be based on a rigorous reassessment of whether current programs will meet present and future warfighting requirements against near- peer rivals that are making rapid military tech-nological advancements; (8) the Department must conduct further ana-lytical work in order— (A) to facilitate the implementation of the Na-tional Defense Strategy, as recommended by the Commission on the National Defense Strategy; and (B) to provide Congress with a more rigorous understanding of, and justification for, future requests for resources to organize, train and equip, and employ the Armed Forces; and (9) the Senate encourages the Secretary of De-fense to refine the National Defense Strategy into more specific operational tasks and force planning scenarios that the joint force must be ready and able to perform in order to facilitate a better understanding of joint force develop-ment priorities and the roles and missions of each Armed Force. (b) REPORT ON ROLES AND MISSIONS .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a re-evaluation of the high-est priority missions of the Department of De-fense, and of the roles of the Armed Forces in the performance of such missions. (2) G
OALS.—The goals of the re-evaluation re-quired for purposes of the report shall be as fol-lows: (A) To support implementation of the National Defense Strategy. (B) To optimize the effectiveness of the joint force. (C) To inform the preparation of future de-fense program and budget requests by the Sec-retary, and the consideration of such requests by Congress. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (b) shall include the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4113 June 19, 2018 
(1) A detailed description of the pacing threats for each Armed Force, and for special oper-ations forces, and an assessment of the manner in which such pacing threats determine the pri-mary role of each Armed Force, and special op-erations forces, including the connection be-tween key operational tasks required by contin-gency plans. (2) A specific requirement for the size and composition of each Armed Force, including the following: (A) The required total end strength and force structure by type for the Army. (B) The required fleet size of the Navy, identi-fied by class of ships and the corresponding total end strength requirement once that fleet size is achieved. (C) The required number of operational Air Force squadrons, identified by function and the corresponding total end strength requirement once that number of squadrons is achieved. (D) The required total end strength and force structure by type for the Marine Corps. (E) The force sizing construct used to deter-mine the end strength requirements covered by subparagraphs (A) through (D), the year-by- year plan for achieving such requirements, rel-evant force posture assumptions, and the associ-ated military personnel costs of such plan. (3) A re-evaluation of the roles of the Armed Forces in performing low-intensity missions, such as counterterrorism and security force as-sistance, including the following: (A) An assessment whether the joint force would benefit from having one Armed Force dedicated primarily to low-intensity missions, thereby enabling the other Armed Forces to focus more exclusively on advanced peer com-petitors. (B) A detailed description of, and accom-panying justification for, the total amount of forces required to perform the security force as-sistance mission and the planned geographic employment of such forces. (C) A revalidation of the Army plan to con-struct six Security Force Assistant Brigades, and an assessment of the impact, if any, of such plan on the capability of the Army to perform its primary roles under the National Defense Strategy. (D) An assessment whether the security force assistance mission would be better performed by the Marine Corps, and an assessment of the end strength and force composition changes, if any, required for the Marine Corps to assume such mission. (4) A reassessment of the roles and missions of the total ground forces, both Army and Marine Corps, to execute the National Defense Strategy, including the following: (A) A detailed description of the allocation of roles for the Army and Marine Corps in deter-ring and waging war against advanced peer competitors that can complement the activities and investments of each such Armed Force and optimize the capabilities of each such Armed Force. (B) A detailed description of the appropriate balance and mix of Army force structure, in-cluding light infantry, mechanized infantry, armor, air defense, fires, engineers, aviation, signals, and logistics, that is required to perform the roles and missions of the Army against its pacing threats. (C) A detailed description of the modernized capabilities and concepts to be developed by the Army to contribute to joint force operations against advanced peer competitors, including the manner in which Army aviation will evolve in light of unmanned aerial vehicle technology. (D) A revalidation of the requirement for ground force modernization efforts, including the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, Future Vertical Lift, and Mobile Protected Fires, that are not optimized for conflict between the United States and advanced peer competitors. (E) A detailed description of requirements for Army forces needed to support theater oper-ations. (5) An assessment, based on operational plans, of the ability of power projection platforms to survive and effectively perform the highest pri-ority operational missions described in the Na-tional Defense Strategy, including the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of the feasibility of the cur-rent plans and investments by the Navy and Marine Corps to operate and defend their sea bases in contested environments. (B) An assessment whether amphibious forced entry operations against advanced peer competi-tors should remain an enduring mission for the joint force considering the stressing operational nature and significant resource requirements of such mission. (C) An assessment whether a transition from large-deck amphibious ships to small aircraft carriers would result in a more lethal and sur-vivable Marine Corps sea base that could accom-modate larger numbers of more diverse strike aircraft. (D) An assessment of the manner in which an acceleration of development and fielding of longer-range, unmanned, carrier-suitable strike aircraft could better meet operational require-ments and alter the requirement for shorter- range, manned tactical fighter aircraft. (E) An assessment of the manner in which the emerging technology to operate large numbers of low-cost, autonomous, attributable systems in the air, on and under the sea, on land, and in space could change the manner in which the joint force projects power globally. (6) An assessment, based on operational plans, of the ability of manned, stealthy, penetrating strike platforms to survive and perform effec-tively the highest priority operational missions described in the National Defense Strategy, in-cluding the following: (A) An assessment whether anticipated ad-vances in stealth technology and the employ-ment of such technology on existing or develop-mental systems, such as the F–35 and B–21 air-craft, can be expected to outpace and overmatch adversary capabilities to detect and target such systems. (B) An assessment of the ability of fourth gen-eration aircraft with advanced sensors and weapons to perform certain missions equally or more effectively than the missions assigned to, or envisioned for, fifth-generation penetrating strike platforms. (C) An assessment of the manner in which the emerging technology to operate large numbers of low-cost, autonomous, attributable systems in the air, on and under the sea, on land, and in space could obviate or reduce the requirement for penetrating strike platforms. (7) A re-evaluation of the most effective and efficient means for the joint force to perform the air superiority mission in both contested and uncontested environments, including the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of the ability to achieve air superiority from other domains, including with land-based systems, naval systems, undersea systems, space-based systems, electronic warfare systems, or cyber capabilities. (B) A validation of the envisioned operational and cost effectiveness of the Penetrating Counter-Air platform, and of the requirement for developing this system as part of the Air Force Next Generation Air Dominance program. (C) A detailed description of the optimal mix across the joint force of fourth-generation and fifth-generation fighter aircraft, bomber air-craft, and Next Generation Air Dominance sys-tems to fulfill operational demands for air supe-riority. (D) A detailed description of the manner in which the joint force will perform the mission of light aerial attack in uncontested environments to support counterterrorism and security force assistance missions, and the mission of coun-tering violent extremism operations, at the low-est cost to the readiness of advanced, multirole combat aircraft. (E) A determination of what Armed Force, in addition to the Air Force, should have a role in the mission of light air attack in uncontested environments. (8) A reevaluation of the roles and missions of the joint special operations enterprise, including the following: (A) A detailed assessment whether the joint special operations enterprise is currently per-forming too many missions worldwide, and whether any such missions could be performed adequately and more economically by conven-tional units. (B) A detailed assessment whether the global allocation of special operations forces, and espe-cially the most capable units, is aligned to the pacing threats and priority missions of the Na-tional Defense Strategy. (C) A detailed description of the changes re-quired to align the joint special operations en-terprise more effectively with the National De-fense Strategy. (9) An assessment of the manner in which in-creased use of the space domain should revise or reallocate the requirements of the joint force, in-cluding the following: (A) A detailed description of the missions, in-cluding joint moving target indication, air battle management, and missile and aircraft tracking and targeting, that could be performed more ef-fectively from space-based platforms due to emerging technology and operational require-ments. (B) An assessment of the manner in which the joint force can take advantage of the develop-ment and deployment of disaggregated commer-cial satellite Internet constellations to replace legacy tactical communications networks and devices and achieve multi-domain command and control more effectively and at lower cost. (C) An assessment of the manner in which to ensure that the joint force has access to tech-nologies that deliver superior offensive space ca-pabilities and a maneuver advantage to and within the space domain, including reusable launch systems and spacecraft, on-orbit refuel-ing and manufacturing, on-orbit power genera-tion, and exploitation of space minerals and propellants. (D) A detailed description of the actions to be taken by components of the Department to pro-mote and protect the development of a licit space economy, including the following: (i) Defense of commercial activities, facilities, and claims. (ii) Safety of navigation. (iii) Rescue and recovery. (iv) Construction and maintenance of public works in Cis-Lunar Space. (v) Active debris remediation. (vi) Establishment of an on-orbit national strategic reserve of space minerals and propel-lants. (10) A reassessment of the manner in which the joint force will perform the mission of logis-tics in contested environments, including the following: (A) A revalidation of the requirement for the KC–46 tanker aircraft, including an assessment of the aerial refueling requirements in contested environments and a greater reliance on distrib-uted systems of systems. (B) A detailed assessment whether the mission of logistics in contested environments could be better performed by larger numbers of lower- cost, autonomous systems capable of dispersed operations on land, at sea, and in the air. (C) A detailed assessment whether greater for-ward stationing of joint force capabilities and 
personnel would be more operationally effective in performing the contact and blunt missions of the National Defense Strategy. (d) F
ORM.—The report required in subsection (b) shall be submitted in classified form, and shall include an unclassified summary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4114 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 1042. ANNUAL REPORTS BY THE ARMED FORCES ON OUT-YEAR UNCON-STRAINED TOTAL MUNITIONS RE-QUIREMENTS AND OUT-YEAR INVEN-TORY NUMBERS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 222a the following new section: ‘‘§ 222b. Armed forces: Out-Year Uncon-strained Total Munitions Requirements; Out-Year inventory numbers ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—At the same time each year that the budget for the fiscal year be-ginning in such year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, the chief of staff of each armed force (other than the Coast Guard) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth for such armed force each of the following for such fiscal year, broken out as specified in subsection (b): ‘‘(1) The Out-Year Unconstrained Total Mu-nitions Requirement. ‘‘(2) The Out-Year inventory numbers. ‘‘(b) P
RESENTATION .—The Out-Year Uncon-strained Total Munitions Requirement and Out- Year inventory numbers for an armed force for a fiscal year pursuant to subsection (a) shall in-clude specific inventory objective requirements for each variant of munitions with respect to each of the following: ‘‘(1) Combat Requirement, broken out by oper-ation plan (OPLAN). ‘‘(2) Current Operation/Forward Presence Re-quirement. ‘‘(3) Strategic Readiness Requirement. ‘‘(4) Homeland Defense. ‘‘(5) Training and Testing Requirement. ‘‘(6) Total Out-Year Unconstrained Total Mu-nitions Requirement, calculated in accordance with the implementation guidance described in subsection (c). ‘‘(7) Out-year worldwide inventory. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION GUIDANCE USED.—In submitting information pursuant to subsection (a) for a fiscal year, the chief of staff of each armed force shall describe and explain the muni-tions requirements process implementation guid-ance developed by the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment and used by such armed force for the munitions require-ments process for such armed force for that fis-cal year. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘chief of staff’, with respect to the Marine Corps, means the Commandant of the Marine Corps. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement’ has the meaning given that term in and for purposes of Department of Defense Instruction 3000.04, or any successor in-struction.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 9 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 222a the following new item: ‘‘222b. Armed forces: Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirements; Out-Year inventory numbers.’’. 
SEC. 1043. COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF OPER-ATIONAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE CHAINS-OF-COMMAND AND FUNC-TIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct a comprehensive review of the operational and administrative chains-of-com-mand and functions of the Department of the Navy. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the review re-quired by subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider options to do each of the following: (1) Increase visibility of unit-level readiness at senior levels. (2) Reduce so-called ‘‘double-hatting’’ and ‘‘triple-hatting’’ commanders. (3) Clarify organizations responsible and ac-countable for training and certification at the unit, group, and fleet level. (4) Simplify reporting requirements applicable to commanding officers. (c) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the review required by subsection (a). The report shall in-clude the following: (A) The results of the review, including any findings of the Secretary as a result of the re-view. (B) Any organizational changes in oper-ational or administrative chains-of-command or functions of the Department undertaken or to be undertaken by the Secretary in light of the re-view. (C) Any recommendations for legislative or ad-ministration action with respect to the oper-ational or administrative chains-of-command or functions of the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the review. (2) F
ORM.—The report under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1044. MILITARY AVIATION READINESS RE-VIEW IN SUPPORT OF THE NATIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on mili-tary aviation readiness in support of the Na-tional Defense Strategy (NDS). (b) R
EVIEW FOR REPORT PURPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The report under subsection (a) shall be based on a review conducted for purposes of the report in accordance with this section. (2) P
ANEL.—The review shall be conducted by a panel consisting of the following: (A) The Commander of the Air Combat Com-mand, who shall head the panel. (B) The Commander of the Army Aviation Branch. (C) The Chief of Naval Air Forces. (D) The Deputy Commandant of the Marine Corps for Aviation. (E) Such other personnel of the Department of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) R
EVIEW ELEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (b) shall address the following: (1) An analysis of the career progression of military pilots and non-pilot aviators, including a comparison between military pilot and non- pilot aviators, on the one hand, and other mili-tary specialities, on the other hand, with respect to each of the following: (A) Tours of duty. (B) Assignment lengths. (C) Minimum service commitments. (D) Professional performance evaluation sys-tems. (E) Statutory and administrative promotion processes. (2) An analysis of aircrew aviation training for various aircraft platforms, including— (A) an historical analysis, covering the past 15 years, of first and second assignment total flight hours and model-specific flight hours for mili-tary pilots and non-pilot aviators; and (B) an analysis of the flight hour program in order to determine the appropriate level of re-quired monthly flight hours and sorties to main-tain currency (minimum safe level) and pro-ficiency (minimum level to be tactically com-petent). (3) An analysis of the effect of recent oper-ational deployments on the ability of military pilots and non-pilot aviators to build and main-tain readiness for potential threats from a near- peer adversary, including— (A) a comparison of rates of simulator usage for military pilots and non-pilot aviators within and not within the pre-deployment training window; and (B) an assessment of the suitability of training curriculum to address high-end combat oper-ations against a near-peer adversary. (4) An analysis of aviation squadron size and composition, including— (A) individual unit-level aircraft allocation; (B) aviation platform-specific force structure; and (C) quantity of squadrons within each avia-tion platform. (5) An analysis of aviation squadron manning documents on appropriate levels and composi-tion of military pilots, non-pilot aviators, and non-aircrew for each squadron in support of the most current National Defense Strategy, includ-ing a consideration of— (A) appropriate levels and composition of mili-tary pilots, non-pilot aviators, and non-aircrew for each squadron in support of such National Defense Strategy; (B) flight-related workload compared with non-flight related workload for military pilots and non-pilot aviators; (C) the number of different aircraft platforms to which enlisted maintenance personnel are ex-pected to be assigned throughout a typical ca-reer; and (D) career training milestones for enlisted maintenance personnel, and the effects of such milestones on military aviation readiness. (6) An analysis of logistics programs in sup-port of military aviation readiness, including— (A) an evaluation of any shortfalls in logistics programs that serve as contributing factors to both military pilot retention and overall readi-ness of military aviation units; (B) an analysis of aircraft parts cannibaliza-tion rates; (C) a determination of average mission capa-ble ratings for aircraft throughout the various stages of the deployment cycle; (D) an analysis of rates of reassignment of aircraft from non-deploying units to deploying units; and (E) an identification of individual aircraft communities, if any, with strained supply chains with single-source suppliers. SEC. 1045. REPORT ON CAPABILITIES AND CAPAC-ITIES OF ARMORED BRIGADE COM-BAT TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Army shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the capa-bilities and capacities of Armored Brigade Com-bat Teams (ABCTs). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the total number of Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams required to sup-port the National Defense Strategy (NDS). (2) A description of the manner in which the Army plans to equip and field future Armored Brigade Combat Teams. (3) A description of the total number of mechanized infantry companies required in sup-port of the Armored Brigade Combat Teams. (4) A description of steps being taken to im-prove the number and quality of live-fire gun-nery exercises executed each year, including im-proving execution of battalion and brigade-level combined arms live-fire exercises both at home station and at the Combat Training Centers. (5) A description of training being conducted to train Armored Brigade Combat Teams in com-bined arms for air defense and to counter un-manned aerial vehicles with organic weapons and tactics. (6) A plan to improve personnel preparedness by the reduction of non-deployable soldiers and improvements in combat vehicle crew stability and material readiness of key combat systems. (7) A description of deficiencies in repair parts and number of qualified mechanics, and a plan to correct such deficiencies. (8) A plan for the modernization of the Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams. 
SEC. 1046. IMPROVEMENT OF ANNUAL REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN CON-NECTION WITH UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF ELE-
MENTS .—Subsection (b) of section 1057 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4115 June 19, 2018 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including each specific mission, strike, engagement, raid, or incident,’’ after ‘‘military operations’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(E), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including a differentiation between those killed and those injured’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and, when appropriate, makes ex gratia payments to the victims or their families’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) Any update or modification to any report under this section during a previous year.’’. (b) S
COPE OF UNCLASSIFIED FORM OF RE-
PORT.—Subsection (d) of such section is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘The unclassified form of each report shall, at a minimum, be responsive to each ele-ment under subsection (b) of a report under sub-section (a), and shall be made available to the public at the same time it is submitted to Con-gress (unless the Secretary certifies in writing that the publication of such information poses a threat to the national security interests of the United States).’’. 
SEC. 1047. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE PARTICIPATION IN EXPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS LI-CENSE APPLICATION REVIEW PROC-ESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the date that is three years after such date of enactment, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Policy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the participation by the Department of Defense in the process for reviewing applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regu-lations as a reviewing agency under Executive Order 12981 (50 U.S.C. 4603 note; relating to ad-ministration of export controls). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) The number of applications for export li-censes under the Export Administration Regula-tions reviewed by the Department of Defense in the 180-day period preceding the submission of the report. (2) The number of instances during that 180- day period in which the Department disagreed with a final determination made with respect to such an application under the review proce-dures set forth in Executive Order 12981. (3) A summary of such instances, including— (A) a summary of the applicants for such li-censes and the recipients of items pursuant to such licenses in such instances; (B) a description of sensitive technologies in-volved in such instances; and (C) a description of the rationale of the De-partment for disagreeing with such determina-tions. (4) The number of such applications under re-view by the Department or undergoing inter-agency dispute resolution as of the date of the submission of the report. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (d) E
XPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Export Ad-ministration Regulations’’ means subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regu-lations. 
SEC. 1048. AUTOMATIC SUNSET FOR FUTURE STATUTORY REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 23 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 480 the following new section: ‘‘§ 480a. Reports to Congress: termination of indefinite-duration reports after three years ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Any provision of law en-acted on or after the date of enactment of this section that includes an indefinite-duration re-port requirement shall cease to be effective, with respect to that requirement, three years after the date of the enactment of that provision of law unless that provision of law expressly states that this section is inapplicable to that require-ment or that provision of law. ‘‘(b) I
NDEFINITE -DURATION REPORT REQUIRE -
MENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘in-definite-duration requirement’ means a require-ment in any provision of law for the Secretary of Defense (or any other officer or employee of the Department of Defense) to submit to Con-gress (or any committee of Congress) a periodic report for which the law does not— ‘‘(1) state a specific period of time as the pe-riod during which that report is required to be submitted or that provision of law is in effect; or ‘‘(2) state a specific termination date for the requirement to submit the report or for that pro-vision of law. ‘‘(c) P
ERIODIC REPORT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘periodic report’ means a report required to be submitted on an annual, semi-annual, or other regular periodic basis.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 23 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 480 the following new item: ‘‘480a. Reports to Congress: termination of in-definite-duration reports after three years.’’. 
SEC. 1049. REPEAL OF CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS THAT OTHERWISE TERMI-NATE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1)(A) Section 229, relating to the display of budget information for programs for combating terrorism, is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 229. (2)(A) Section 231a, relating to budgeting for life-cycle costs of aircraft for the Navy, Army, and Air Force, is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 231a. (3) Section 2276, relating to commercial space launch cooperation, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. (4) Section 7310, relating to report on repair of certain vessels in foreign shipyards, is amended by striking subsection (c). (b) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2007.—Section 1017 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2379), relating to obtaining carriage by vessel, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (c) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2008.—Section 1034(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 272 note), relating to dis-tribution of chemical and biological agents to non-Federal entities, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (d) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2009.—Section 1047(d) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (10 U.S.C. 2366b note), relating to reports on bandwidth requirements for major defense acquisition programs, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by striking ‘‘(d) FORMAL REVIEW PROCESS  
FOR BANDWIDTH REQUIREMENTS .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Sec- retary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) F
ORMAL REVIEW PROCESS FOR BAND-
WIDTH REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary’’; and (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and indenting appropriately. (e) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2011.—Section 1217 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (22 U.S.C. 7513 note), relating to authority to establish a program to develop and carry out infrastructure projects in Afghan-istan, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (i); and (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (i). (f) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2015.—Section 1026 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 127 Stat. 3490), relating to availability of funds for retirement of inactiva-tion of Ticonderoga class cruisers or dock land-ing ships, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1061 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (c), by striking paragraphs (14), (16), (41), and (59); (2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (3); (3) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph (3); and (4) in subsection (i), by striking paragraphs (15), (18), and (24). 
SEC. 1050. REPORT ON POTENTIAL IMPROVE-MENTS TO CERTAIN MILITARY EDU-CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report set-ting forth the results of a review and assess-ment, obtained by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the potential effects on the mili-tary education provided by the educational in-stitutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) of the actions described in sub-section (c). (2) C
ONDUCTING ORGANIZATION .—The review and assessment required for purposes of the re-port shall be performed by an organization se-lected by the Secretary from among organiza-tions independent of the Department that have expertise in the analysis of matters in connec-tion with higher education. (b) E
DUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—The educational insti-tutions of the Department of Defense specified in this subsection are the following: (1) The senior level service schools and inter-mediate level service schools (as such terms are defined in section 2151(b) of title 10, United States Code). (2) The Air Force Institute of Technology. (3) The National Defense University. (4) The Joint Special Operations University. (5) The Army Armament Graduate School. (6) Any other military educational institution of the Department specified by the Secretary for purposes of this section. (c) A
CTIONS .—The actions described in this subsection with respect to the educational insti-tutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) are the following: (1) Modification of admission and graduation requirements. (2) Reduction or expansion of degree-granting authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4116 June 19, 2018 
(3) Reduction or expansion of the acceptance of research grants. (4) Reduction of the number of attending stu-dents generally. (5) Reduction of the number of attending stu-dents through the sponsoring of education of an increased number of students at non-Depart-ment of Defense education institutions of higher education. (6) Increase in the frequency of curriculum changes to account for emerging subject matters of importance to national defense. (7) Modification of civilian faculty manage-ment practices, including employment practices. (d) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS .—In addition to the matters described in subsection (a), the re-view and report under this section shall also in-clude the following: (1) A comparison of admission standards and graduation requirements of the educational in-stitutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) with admission standards and graduation requirements of public and private institutions of higher education that are com-parable to the educational institutions of the Department of Defense. (2) A comparison of the goals and missions of the educational institutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) with the goals and missions of such public and private institutions of higher education. (3) Any other matters the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of this section. 
SEC. 1051. RECRUITING COSTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the results of a study, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the briefing, on the costs of the Armed Forces in recruiting for members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the recruiting costs of each Armed Force in each of fiscal years 2010 through 2019. (2) An estimate of the recruiting costs of each Armed Force in each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024. (3) A description of the factors that contrib-uted significantly to the recruiting costs of the Armed Forces during fiscal years 2010 through 2019. (4) Any other matters in connection with the recruiting costs of the Armed Forces that the Secretary considers appropriate. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1061. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS FOR BIEN HOA DIOXIN CLEANUP. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Sec-retary of State, for use by the United States Agency for International Development, amounts to be used for the Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup in Vietnam. (b) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS .—Not more than $15,000,000 may be transferred in each of fiscal years 2019 through 2027 under the authority in subsection (a). (c) S
OURCE OF FUNDS.—The Secretary of De-fense may transfer funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide’’ under the author-ity in subsection (a) . (d) A
DDITIONAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—The transfer authority provided under subsection (a) is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1062. IMPROVEMENT OF DATABASE ON EMERGENCY RESPONSE CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2436; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary’’ the following: ‘‘(a) DATABASE REQUIRED .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated by para-graph (1)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘each States’s National Guard, as reported by the States’’ and inserting ‘‘the National Guard of each State and Territory, as reported by the States and Territories’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and Territories’’ after ‘‘their home States’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) Cyber capabilities of the National Guard identified by the Department as critical for re-sponse to domestic natural or manmade disas-ters. ‘‘(4) Cyber capabilities of the other reserve components of the Armed Forces identified by the Department as critical for response to do-mestic natural or manmade disasters.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TOKEEPDATA-
BASE CURRENT .—In maintaining the database required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall identify and revise the information required to be included in the database at least once every two years for purposes of keeping the database current.’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF DATABASE .— (1) D
EADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall establish the database required by section 1406 of the John Warner Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007, as amended by subsection (a), by not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (2) U
SE OF EXISTING DATABASE OR SYSTEM FOR  
CERTAIN CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary may meet the requirement with respect to the capabilities described in subsection (a)(1) of section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2007, as so amended, in connection with the database required by that section through use or modification of a current database or tracking system of the Department of Defense if the Secretary determines that such action will— (A) expedite compliance with the requirement; and (B) achieve such compliance at a cost not greater than the cost of establishing anew the database otherwise covered by the requirement. 
SEC. 1063. ACCEPTANCE AND DISTRIBUTION BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF AS-SISTANCE FROM CERTAIN NON-PROFIT ENTITIES IN SUPPORT OF MISSIONS OF DEPLOYED UNITED STATES PERSONNEL AROUND THE WORLD. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate finds that Spirit of America, a privately-funded, nonpartisan, non-profit organization, acting in partnership with the Department of Defense, has made an impor-tant contribution in supporting the missions of deployed United States personnel around the world. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that United States military commanders should, consistent with applicable laws, regula-tions, and guidance developed consistent with section 1088 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115– 91), collaborate with and provide transportation and other logistical support to covered non-Fed-eral entities, including Spirit of America, to ad-vance the military missions of the Armed Forces. (c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF COVERED NON-FEDERAL  E
NTITY ASSISTANCE ABROAD THROUGH DEPART -
MENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE AND COORDINATION OF ASSIST -
ANCE.—The Department of Defense (including members of the Armed Forces) may, at the dis-cretion of the Secretary of Defense and in ac-cordance with guidance issued by the Secretary and developed in coordination with the Sec-retary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment— (A) accept from any covered non-Federal enti-ty humanitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance funded by private funds in the car-rying out of the purposes of such entity; and (B) respond to requests from covered non-Fed-eral entities for the identification of the needs of local populations abroad for assistance, and co-ordinate with such entitites in the provision and distribution of such assistance, in the carrying out of such purposes. (2) DISTRIBUTION OF ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL  
POPULATIONS .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense, and devel-oped in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, members of the Armed Forces abroad may provide to local populations abroad humanitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance provided to the Department by a covered non-Federal entity pursuant to this subsection. (3) S
COPE OF GUIDANCE .—The guidance issued pursuant to this subsection shall ensure that any assistance distributed pursuant to this sub-section shall be for purposes of supporting the mission or missions of the Department and the Armed Forces for which such assistance is pro-vided by a covered non-Federal entity. (4) D
OD SUPPORT FOR ENTITY ACTIVITIES .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Department, and the Armed Forces may— (A) provide transportation, lodging, storage, and other logistical support— (i) to personnel of a covered non-Federal enti-ty (whether in the United States or abroad) who are carrying out the purposes of such entity; and (ii) in connection with the acceptance and dis-tribution of assistance provided by a covered non-Federal entity; and (B) use assets of the Department and the Armed Forces in the provision of support de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (d) C
OVERED NON-FEDERAL ENTITY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered non- Federal entity’’ means the following: (1) Spirit of America, a privately-funded, non-partisan, nonprofit organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (2) Any other organization that— (A) is based in the United States; (B) has an independent board of directors and is subject to independent financial audits; (C) is substantially privately-funded; (D) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; and (E) provides international assistance. 
SEC. 1064. UNITED STATES POLICY WITH RE-SPECT TO FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION AND OVERFLIGHT. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to fly, sail, and operate throughout the oceans, seas, and airspace of the world wherever international law allows. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF POLICY .—In further-ance of the policy set forth in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense should— (1) plan and execute a robust series of routine and regular air and naval presence missions throughout the world and throughout the year, including for critical transportation corridors and key routes for global commerce; (2) in addition to the missions executed pursu-ant to paragraph (1), execute routine and reg-ular air and maritime freedom of navigation op-erations throughout the year, in accordance with international law, including the use of ex-panded military options and maneuvers beyond innocent passage; and (3) to the maximum extent practicable, execute the missions pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) with regional partner countries and allies of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4117 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 1065. PROHIBITION OF FUNDS FOR CHINESE LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION PROVIDED BY A CONFUCIUS INSTITUTE. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 under this Act may be obligated or expended for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. (b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 under this Act may be obligated or expended to support a Chinese language program at an institution of higher education that hosts a Confucius Insti-tute. (c) W
AIVER .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness may waive the lim-itation in subsection (b) with respect to a Chi-nese language program at a specific institution of higher education if the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness— (1) certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that— (A) Confucius Institute employees and in-structors will have no affiliation with the pro-gram; (B) Confucius Institute employees and in-structors will provide no instruction or support to the program; (C) Confucius Institute employees and in-structors will have no authority or influence with regard to the curriculum and activities of the program; and (D) the institution has made publicly avail-able all memoranda of understanding, contracts, and other agreements between the institution and the Confucius Institute, or between the in-stitution and any agency of or organization af-filiated with the government of the People’s Re-public of China; or (2) certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that— (A) the requirements described in subpara-graphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1) have been met; and (B) the waiver of the limitation in subsection (b) is necessary for national security, and there is no reasonable alternative to issuing the waiv-er. (d) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) C
HINESE LANGUAGE PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Chinese language program’’ means any De-partment of Defense program designed to pro-vide or support Chinese language instruction, including the National Security Education Pro-gram, the Language Flagship program, Project Global Officer, and the Language Training Cen-ters program. (2) C
ONFUCIUS INSTITUTE .—The term ‘‘Confu-cius Institute’’ means a Confucius Institute that is operated by the Office of Chinese Languages Council International, also known as Hanban, which is affiliated with the Ministry of Edu-cation of the People’s Republic of China. (3) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Subtitle A—Department of Defense Matters 
SEC. 1101. INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE QUALIFICATIONS BY QUALIFICATION REVIEW BOARDS OF OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGE-MENT FOR INITIAL APPOINTMENTS TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE PO-SITIONS IN DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) T EMPORARY INAPPLICABILITY .—Notwith- standing section 3393(c) of title 5, United States Code, or any regulations implementing that sec-tion, and subject to the provisions of this sec-tion, the Secretary of Defense may appoint indi-viduals for service in the Senior Executive Serv-ice of the Department of Defense without such individuals being subject to the certification of executive qualifications by a qualification re-view board of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment in connection with such appointment oth-erwise required by that section. (b) QUALIFICATIONS OF INDIVIDUALS AP-
POINTED .—The Secretary shall ensure that indi-viduals appointed under this section possess the necessary qualifications and experience for the position to which appointed. (c) L
IMITATION .—The total number of appoint-ments made under this section in any year may not exceed 50 appointments. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Con-gress and official specified in paragraph (3) a report on the number and type of appointments made under this section as of the date of the re-port, including— (A) a description of the qualifications of the individuals appointed; and (B) data on the time required to appoint the individuals. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Con-gress and official specified in paragraph (3) a report on the use of the authority in this sec-tion. The report shall include the following: (A) The number and type of appointments made under this section during the one-year pe-riod ending on the date of the report. (B) Data on and an assessment whether ap-pointments under the authority in this section reduced the time to hire when compared with the time to hire under the current review system of the Office of Personnel Management. (C) An assessment of the utility of the ap-pointment authority and process under this sec-tion. (D) An assessment whether the appointments made under this section resulted in higher qual-ity new executives for the Senior Executive Serv-ice of the Department when compared with the executives produced under the current review system of the Office of Personnel Management. (E) Any recommendation for the improvement of the selection and qualification process for the Senior Executive Service of the Department that the Secretary considers necessary in order to at-tract and hire highly qualified candidates for service in that Senior Executive Service. (3) C
OMMITTEES OF CONGRESS AND OFFICIAL .— The committees of Congress and official speci-fied in this paragraph are— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. (e) S
UNSET .—Subsection (a) shall cease to be effective on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1102. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RE-INVENTION LABORATORIES AND MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITIES BASE FACILITIES FOR RECENT SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEER-ING, AND MATHEMATICS GRAD-UATES OF MINORITY-SERVING INSTI-TUTIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOMAKE DIRECT APPOINT -
MENTS .—The director of any facility specified in subsection (b) may appoint any qualified recent graduate of a covered educational institution with a degree in science, technology, engineer-ing, or mathematics to a position at such facility described in subsection (d) without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. (b) F
ACILITIES .—A facility specified in this subsection is any facility as follows: (1) A science and technology reinvention lab-oratory of the Department of Defense, as des-ignated pursuant to section 1105(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note). (2) A facility of the Major Range and Test Fa-cilities Base of the Department. (c) RECENT GRADUATES .—For purposes of this section, a person is a recent graduate of a cov-ered educational institution if— (1) the person was awarded a degree by the institution not more than two years before the date of the appointment of the person pursuant to this section; or (2) in the case of any person who has com-pleted a period of obligated service in a uni-formed service of more than four years as of the date the appointment of the person pursuant to this section, the person was awarded a degree by the institution not more than four years be-fore such date of appointment. (d) C
OVERED POSITIONS .—The positions to which persons may be appointed pursuant to this section at a facility specified in subsection (b) are scientific and engineering positions at the facility. (e) D
URATION OF APPOINTMENT .—Any ap- pointment pursuant to this section may be made on a temporary, term, or permanent basis, at the election of the director of the facility making such appointment. (f) C
OVERED EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered edu-cational institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2362(e) of title 10, United States Code. (g) S
UNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to make ap-pointments under this section shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to terminate an appointment made under this section before the expiration date provided in that paragraph in accordance with the terms of such appointment. 
SEC. 1103. INCLUSION OF STRATEGIC CAPABILI-TIES OFFICE AND DEFENSE INNOVA-TION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN PER-SONNEL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY TO ATTRACT EXPERTS IN SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1599h of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graphs: ‘‘(4) S
TRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE .—The Di- rector of the Strategic Capabilities Office may carry out a program of personnel management authority provided in subsection (b) in order to facilitate recruitment of eminent experts in science or engineering for the Office. ‘‘(5) DIUx.—The Director of the Defense Inno-vation Unit Experimental may carry out a pro-gram of personnel management authority pro-vided in subsection (b) in order to facilitate re-cruitment of eminent experts in science or engi-neering for the Unit.’’. (b) S
COPE OF APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .—Sub- section (b)(1) of such section is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) in the case of the Strategic Capabilities Office, appoint scientists and engineers to a total of not more than 5 scientific and engineer-ing positions in the Office; and ‘‘(E) in the case of the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, appoint scientists and engi-neers to a total of not more than 5 scientific and engineering positions in the Unit;’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF TERMS OF APPOINTMENT .— Subsection (c)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘or the Office of Operational Test and Evaluation’’ and inserting ‘‘the Office of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation, the Strategic Ca-pabilities Office, or the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4118 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 1104. ENHANCEMENT OF FLEXIBLE MANAGE-MENT AUTHORITIES FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY REINVENTION LABORATORIES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E NHANCEMENT OF NONCOMPETITIVE CON-
VERSIONS OF APPOINTMENTS OF STUDENTS EN-
ROLLED IN SCIENTIFIC AND ENGINEERING PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 2358a(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
TO 
PERMANENT APPOINTMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OF 
APPOINTMENTS ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘to a permanent appointment’’ and inserting ‘‘to another temporary appoint-ment or to a term or permanent appointment’’. (b) E
NHANCEMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM ON DY-
NAMIC SHAPING OF WORKFORCE TECHNICAL  S
KILLS AND EXPERTISE .—Section 1109(b)(1)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1028; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by striking ‘‘to appoint’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘to make appointments as follows: ‘‘(i) Appointment of qualified scientific and technical personnel who are not current Depart-ment of Defense civilian employees into any sci-entific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years. ‘‘(ii) Appointment of qualified scientific and technical personnel who are Department civilian employees in term appointments into any sci-entific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years.’’. 
SEC. 1105. INCLUSION OF OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE AMONG COMPONENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COVERED BY DIRECT HIRE AUTHOR-ITY FOR FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT EXPERTS. 
Section 1110(f) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (9) as paragraphs (2) through (10), respectively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) The Office of the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 1106. AUTHORITY TO EMPLOY CIVILIAN FAC-ULTY MEMBERS AT THE JOINT SPE-CIAL OPERATIONS UNIVERSITY. 
Section 1595(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The Joint Special Operations Univer-sity.’’. Subtitle B—Government-Wide Matters 
SEC. 1121. ALCOHOL TESTING OF CIVIL SERVICE MARINERS OF THE MILITARY SEA-LIFT COMMAND ASSIGNED TO VES-SELS. 
(a) A LCOHOL TESTING .—Chapter 643 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7479 the following new section: ‘‘§ 7479a. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: alcohol testing ‘‘The Secretary of the Navy may prescribe reg-ulations establishing a program to conduct on- duty reasonable suspicion alcohol testing and post-accident alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command who are assigned to vessels.’’. (b) R
ELEASE OF ALCOHOL TESTRESULTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7479 of such title is amended— (A) in the heading of subsection (a), by insert-ing ‘‘
ORALCOHOL ’’ after ‘‘D RUG’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or alcohol’’ after ‘‘drug’’ each place it appears. (2) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 7479. Civil service mariners of Military Sea-lift Command: release of drug and alcohol test results to Coast Guard’’. (c) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 643 of such title is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 7479 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘7479. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: release of drug and al-cohol test results to Coast Guard. ‘‘7479a. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: alcohol testing.’’. SEC. 1122. EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY FOR COLLEGE GRADUATES AND POST SECONDARY STUDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3115. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates; competitive service ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment. ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may appoint, without regard to any provision of sec-tions 3309 through 3319 and 3330, a qualified in-dividual to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or administrative oc-cupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT .—The head of an agency may make an appointment under subsection (b) only if the individual being appointed— ‘‘(1) has received a baccalaureate or graduate degree from an institution of higher education; ‘‘(2) applies for the position— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date on which the individual being appointed received the degree described in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who has completed a period of not less than 4 years of obligated service in a uniformed service, not later than 2 years after the date of the discharge or release of the individual from that service; and ‘‘(3) meets each minimum qualification stand-ard prescribed by the Director for the position to which the individual is being appointed. ‘‘(d) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ADVERTISING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the head of an agency shall— ‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that pro-vides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have appro-priate information relevant to the positions available. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the total number of employees that the head of an agency may appoint under this section during a fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of in-dividuals that the agency head appointed dur-ing the previous fiscal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category, at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below, under a competitive examining procedure. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation pre-scribed under subsection (f), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of individ-uals that may be appointed under paragraph (1) of this subsection during a fiscal year based on any factor the Director considers appropriate. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall issue interim regulations, with an opportunity for comment, for the administration of this section. ‘‘(g) REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is sub-mitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Director to assess the impact and effectiveness of the au-thority described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other underrep-resented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency during the applicable fis-cal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or administrative oc-cupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Di-rector. ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from ex-ercising any authority to appoint a recent grad-uate under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable suc-cessor statute. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Any regulations pre-scribed by the Director for the administration of this section shall not apply to the Department of Defense during the period ending on the date on which the appointment authority of the Sec-retary of Defense under section 1106 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any ap-plicable successor statute, terminates. ‘‘§ 3116. Expedited hiring authority for post- secondary students; competitive service ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment. ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(3) S
TUDENT .—The term ‘student’ means an individual enrolled or accepted for enrollment in an institution of higher education who is pur-suing a baccalaureate or graduate degree on at least a part-time basis as determined by the in-stitution of higher education. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may make a time-limited appointment of a student, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319 and 3330, to a position in the com-petitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equiva-lent level, or below for which the student is qualified. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC NOTICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions available under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the head of an agency shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4119 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that pro-vides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have appro-priate information relevant to the positions available. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the total number of students that the head of an agency may appoint under this sec-tion during a fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of stu-dents that the agency head appointed during the previous fiscal year to a position in the com-petitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equiva-lent level, or below. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation pre-scribed under subsection (g), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of stu-dents that may be appointed under paragraph (1) of this subsection during a fiscal year based on any factor the Director considers appro-priate. ‘‘(e) C
ONVERSION .—The head of an agency may, without regard to any provision of chapter 33 or any other provision of law relating to the examination, certification, and appointment of individuals in the competitive service, convert a student serving in an appointment under sub-section (b) to a permanent appointment in the competitive service within the agency without further competition if the student— ‘‘(1) has completed the course of study leading to the baccalaureate or graduate degree; ‘‘(2) has completed not less than 640 hours of current continuous employment in an appoint-ment under subsection (b); and ‘‘(3) meets the qualification standards for the position to which the student will be converted. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .—The head of an agency shall, without regard to any provision of chap-ter 35 or 75, terminate the appointment of a stu-dent appointed under subsection (b) upon com-pletion of the designated academic course of study unless the student is selected for conver-sion under subsection (e). ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall issue interim regulations, with an opportunity for comment, for the administration of this section. ‘‘(h) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is sub-mitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Director to assess the impact and effectiveness of the au-thority described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other underrep-resented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency during the applicable fis-cal year to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Di-rector. ‘‘(i) S
PECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from ex-ercising any authority to appoint a post-sec-ondary student under section 1106 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any ap-plicable successor statute. ‘‘(2) REGULATIONS .—Any regulations pre-scribed by the Director for the administration of this section shall not apply to the Department of Defense during the period ending on the date on which the appointment authority of the Sec-retary of Defense under section 1106 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any ap-plicable successor statute, terminates.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3115. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates; competitive service. ‘‘3116. Expedited hiring authority for post-sec-ondary students; competitive serv-ice.’’. 
SEC. 1123. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF VOLUNTARY SEPARATION INCEN-TIVE PAY AUTHORIZED FOR CIVIL-IAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3523 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,000 (as adjusted in accordance with subsection (c))’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c)(1) On March 1 each year, the dollar amount specified in subsection (b)(3)(B) shall be adjusted by the amount determined by the Sec-retary of Labor to represent the percentage in-crease, if any, between the Consumer Price Index (all items; United States city average) published for December of the preceding year and that price index published for the December of the year before the preceding year. ‘‘(2) A percentage increase under paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to the nearest one-tenth of one percent, and an amount determined under paragraph (1) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000 (or, if midway between mul-tiples of $1,000, to the next higher multiple of $1,000).’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EMPLOYEES .— Section 9902(f)(5) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount determined by the Secretary, not to exceed $40,000 (as ad-justed under subparagraph (D)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D)(i) On March 1 each year, the dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted by the amount determined by the Secretary of Labor to represent the percentage increase, if any, between the Consumer Price Index (all items; United States city average) published for December of the preceding year and that price index published for the December of the year before the preceding year. ‘‘(ii) A percentage increase under clause (i) shall be adjusted to the nearest one-tenth of one percent, and an amount determined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest mul-tiple of $1,000 (or, if midway between multiples of $1,000, to the next higher multiple of $1,000).’’. 
SEC. 1124. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOW-ANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFI-CIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emer-gency Supplemental Appropriations Act for De-fense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and most recently amended by section 1108 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. SEC. 1125. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIM-ITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CI-VILIAN EMPLOYEES WORKING OVER-SEAS. 
Subsection (a) of section 1101 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by section 1105 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘through 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through 2019’’. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR USE OF ADVISORS AND TRAINERS FOR TRAINING OF PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN MINISTRIES WITH SECU-RITY MISSIONS UNDER DEFENSE IN-STITUTION CAPACITY BUILDING AU-THORITIES. 
Section 332(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘assign civil-ian employees of the Department of Defense and members of the armed forces as advisors and trainers’’ and inserting ‘‘provide advisors or trainers’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘assigned’’ each place it ap-pears (other than the last place) and inserting ‘‘provided’’; (B) by striking ‘‘assigned advisor or trainer’’ and inserting ‘‘advisor or trainer so provided’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘each assignment’’ and insert-ing ‘‘each provision of such an advisor or train-er’’. 
SEC. 1202. MODIFICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STATE PARTNERSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
Section 341(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘assistance’’ after ‘‘any’’. 
SEC. 1203. EXPANSION OF REGIONAL DEFENSE COMBATING TERRORISM FELLOW-SHIP PROGRAM TO INCLUDE IRREG-ULAR WARFARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 345 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsections (a) and (b): ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program under which the Sec-retary may pay any costs associated with the education and training of foreign military offi-cers, ministry of defense officials, or security of-ficials at military or civilian educational institu-tions, regional centers, conferences, seminars, or other training programs conducted for purposes of regional defense in connection with either of the following: ‘‘(A) Combating terrorism. ‘‘(B) Irregular warfare. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED COSTS .—Costs for which pay-ment may be made under this section include the costs of transportation and travel and sub-sistence costs. ‘‘(3) D
ESIGNATION .—The program authorized by this section shall be known as the ‘Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Program’. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The program authorized by subsection (a) shall be carried out under regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The regulations shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State— ‘‘(i) jointly develop and plan activities under the program that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4120 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(I) advance United States security coopera-tion objectives; and ‘‘(II) support theater security cooperation planning of the combatant commands; and ‘‘(ii) coordinate on the implementation of ac-tivities under the program; ‘‘(B) each of the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State designates an individual at the lowest appropriate level of the Department of Defense or the Department of State, as appli-cable, who shall be responsible for program co-ordination; and ‘‘(C) to the extent practicable, activities under the program are appropriately coordinated with, and do not duplicate or conflict with, activities under International Military Education and Training (IMET) authorities. ‘‘(3) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Upon any up-date of the regulations, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a copy of the regulations as so updated, to-gether with a description of the update.’’; and (3) in paragraph (3) of subsection (d), as re-designated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘in the global war on terrorism’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 345. Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Pro-gram’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 345 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘345. Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Program.’’. 
SEC. 1204. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS OF CERTAIN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITY .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (a) of section 1226 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to provide support on a reimburse-ment basis as follows: ‘‘(A) To the Government of Jordan for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Jordan to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq. ‘‘(B) To the Government of Lebanon for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Lebanon to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Lebanon with Syria. ‘‘(C) To the Government of Egypt for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Egypt to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Egypt with Libya. ‘‘(D) To the Government of Tunisia for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Tunisia to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Tunisia with Libya. ‘‘(E) To the Government of Oman for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Oman to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Oman with Yemen. ‘‘(F) To the Government of Pakistan for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Pakistan to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Pakistan with Afghanistan.’’. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) N
OTICE AND CERTIFICATION BEFORE EX-
ERCISE .—Not later than 15 days before providing support under the authority of subsection (a) to a country that has not previously received such support, the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report that— ‘‘(1) sets forth a full description of the support to be provided, including— ‘‘(A) the purpose of such support; ‘‘(B) the amount of support to be provided; and ‘‘(C) the anticipated duration of the provision of such support; and ‘‘(2) includes a certification that— ‘‘(A) the recipient country has taken demon-strable steps to increase security along the bor-der specified for such country in subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) the provision of such support is in the interest of United States national security.’’. (c) LIMITATION ON REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKI-
STAN.—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKI-
STAN PENDING CERTIFICATION .—No amount of reimbursement support under subsection (a)(1)(F) is authorized to be disbursed to the Government of Pakistan unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the following conditions are met: ‘‘(1) The military and security operations of Pakistan pertaining to border security and an-cillary activities for which reimbursement is sought have been coordinated with United States military representatives in advance of the execution of such operations and activities. ‘‘(2) The goals and desired outcomes of each such operation or activity have been established and agreed upon in advance by the United States and Pakistan. ‘‘(3) A process exists to verify the achievement of the goals and desired outcomes established in accordance with paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) The Government of Pakistan is making an effort to actively coordinate with the Govern-ment of Afghanistan on issues relating to border security on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border.’’. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Such section is fur-ther amended by inserting after subsection (e), as so designated by subsection (c) of this sec-tion, the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the speci-fied congressional committees a report on reim-bursements pursuant to subsection (a) during the preceding fiscal quarter that includes— ‘‘(1) an identification of each country reim-bursed; ‘‘(2) the date of each reimbursement; ‘‘(3) a description of any partner nation bor-der security efforts for which reimbursement was provided; ‘‘(4) an assessment of the value of partner na-tion border security efforts for which reimburse-ment was provided; ‘‘(5) the total amounts of reimbursement pro-vided to each partner nation in the preceding four fiscal quarters; and ‘‘(6) such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate.’’. (e) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of such sec-tion, as so redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1205. LEGAL AND POLICY REVIEW OF AD-VISE, ASSIST, AND ACCOMPANY MIS-SIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall, in coordination with the General Counsel of the Department of Defense and the commanders of appropriate combatant commands, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on a review, conducted for purposes of the report, of the legal and policy frameworks associated with advise, assist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report and review re-quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) An analysis of the risks and benefits of United States military personnel conducting ad-vise, assist, and accompany missions with for-eign partner forces, and an assessment of the re-lation of such risks and benefits to United States security objectives. (2) A review of execute orders in order to en-sure that such orders comply with United States law for the employment of United States mili-tary personnel and capabilities to advise, assist, and accompany foreign partner forces. (3) An assessment whether the legal and pol-icy frameworks applicable to advise, assist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel are adequately communicated to and understood at all levels of operational command. (4) An assessment whether approvals related to advise, assist, and accompany missions are taken at the appropriate level of command. (5) A definition, and policy guidance, for the appropriate use in execute orders of each of the following: (A) Advise (B) Assist. (C) Accompany. (D) Collective self defense. (E) Last point of cover and conceal. (6) Any other matters the Under Secretary considers appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1206. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RELATING TO DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERA-TION STATUTORY REORGANIZATION. 
(a) C HAPTER REFERENCES .—The following pro-visions of law are amended by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 13’’: (1) Section 886(a)(5) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 466(a)(5)). (2) Section 332(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1982(a)(1)). (3) Section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code. (4) Section 115(i)(6) of title 10, United States Code. (5) Section 12304(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code. (6) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(v)) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(v)). (b) S
ECTION REFERENCES .— (1) Title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 386(c)(1), by striking ‘‘Sections 311, 321, 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘Sections 246, 251, 252, 253, 321,’’; and (B) in section 10541(b)(9), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sections 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 251, 252, 253,’’. (2) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(i) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 331, 332,’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 251, 252,’’. 
SEC. 1207. NAVAL SMALL CRAFT INSTRUCTION AND TECHNICAL TRAINING SCHOOL. 
(a) S CHOOL AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 351. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may operate an education and training facility known as the ‘Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School’ (in this section referred to as the ‘School’). ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF EXECUTIVE AGENT.—The Secretary of Defense shall designate the Sec-retary of a military department as the Depart-ment of Defense executive agent for carrying out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4121 June 19, 2018 
the responsibilities of the Secretary of Defense under this section. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the School shall be to provide to the military and other se-curity forces of one or more friendly foreign countries education and training to increase professionalism, readiness, and respect for human rights through— ‘‘(1) formal courses of instruction; and ‘‘(2) mobile training teams for— ‘‘(A) the operation, employment, maintenance, and logistics of specialized equipment; ‘‘(B) participation in— ‘‘(i) joint exercises; or ‘‘(ii) coalition or international military oper-ations; and ‘‘(C) improved interoperability between— ‘‘(i) the armed forces; and ‘‘(ii) the military and other security forces of the one or more friendly foreign countries. ‘‘(d) P
ERSONNEL ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE EDU-
CATION AND TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not provide education or training at the School to any personnel of a country that is prohibited from receiving such education or training under any other provision of law. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION IN SELECTION .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall consult with the Sec-retary of State in the selection of foreign per-sonnel to be provided education and training at the School. ‘‘(e) F
IXED COSTS.—The fixed costs of oper-ation and maintenance of the School in a fiscal year may be paid from amounts made available for such fiscal year for operation and mainte-nance of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 15 each year, the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional committees a detailed report on the activities and operating costs of the School during the preceding fiscal year.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of subchapter V of chap-ter 16 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘351. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Tech-nical Training School.’’. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that sets forth the following: (1) The budget requirements for the operation and sustainment of the Naval Small Craft In-struction and Technical Training School au-thorized by section 351 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), during the period of the future-years defense program sub-mitted to Congress in fiscal year 2019, includ-ing— (A) a description of the budget requirements relating to the School for— (i) Major Force Program–2; and (ii) Major Force Program–11; and (B) an identification of any other source of funding for the School. (2) The anticipated requirements for facilities for the School. (3) An identification of the Secretary of a mili-tary department designated by the Secretary of Defense as executive agent for the School under subsection (b) of such section. (4) The anticipated military construction and facilities renovation requirements for the School during such period. (5) Any other matter relating to the School that the Secretary of Defense considers appro-priate. (c) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in section 351 of title 10, United States Code (as so added), may be construed as authorizing the use of funds ap-propriated for the Department of Defense for any purpose described in paragraph (2) unless specifically authorized by an Act of Congress other than that section or this Act. (2) PURPOSES .—The purposes described in this paragraph are the following: (A) The operation of a facility other than the Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School that is in operation as of the date of the enactment of this Act for the provi-sion of education and training authorized to be provided by the School. (B) The construction or expansion of any fa-cility of the School. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan 
SEC. 1211. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF PRIOR AUTHORITIES AND  N
OTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019 shall be subject to the conditions con-tained in— (1) subsections (b) through (f) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as most recently amended by section 1521(d)(2)(A) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328; 130 Stat. 2577); and (2) section 1521(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS.—Section 1513(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 is amended by striking ‘‘security forces of Afghanistan’’ and inserting ‘‘security forces of the Ministry of Defense and the Min-istry of the Interior of the Government of the Is-lamic Republic of Afghanistan’’. (c) E
QUIPMENT DISPOSITION .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT .—Sub- ject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may accept equipment that is procured using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund by this Act and is intended for transfer to the security forces of Afghanistan, but is not accepted by such security forces. (2) C
ONDITIONS ON ACCEPTANCE OF EQUIP -
MENT .—Before accepting any equipment under the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Commander of United States forces in Afghani-stan shall make a determination that such equipment was procured for the purpose of meeting requirements of the security forces of Afghanistan, as agreed to by both the Govern-ment of Afghanistan and the Government of the United States, but is no longer required by such security forces or was damaged before transfer to such security forces. (3) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—In making a determination under paragraph (2) regarding equipment, the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall consider alternatives to the acceptance of such equipment by the Sec-retary. An explanation of each determination, including the basis for the determination and the alternatives considered, shall be included in the relevant quarterly report required under paragraph (5). (4) T
REATMENT AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
STOCKS .—Equipment accepted under the author-ity provided by paragraph (1) may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon notifi-cation to the congressional defense committees of such treatment. (5) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS ON EQUIPMENT DIS -
POSITION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 90-day period thereafter during which the au-thority provided by paragraph (1) is exercised, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the equipment accepted during the period covered by such report under the following: (i) This subsection. (ii) Section 1521(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2575). (iii) Section 1531(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1088). (iv) Section 1532(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3613). (v) Section 1531(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 938; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (B) ELEMENTS .—Each report under subpara-graph (A) shall include a list of all equipment that was accepted during the period covered by such report and treated as stocks of the Depart-ment of Defense and copies of the determina-tions made under paragraph (2), as required by paragraph (3). (d) S
ECURITY OF AFGHAN WOMEN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019, it is the goal that $25,000,000, but in no event less than $10,000,000, shall be used for— (A) the recruitment, integration, retention, training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; and (B) the recruitment, training, and contracting of female security personnel for future elections. (2) T
YPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— Such programs and activities may include— (A) efforts to recruit women into the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including the special operations forces; (B) programs and activities of the Afghan Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Afghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; (C) development and dissemination of gender and human rights educational and training ma-terials and programs within the Afghan Min-istry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of In-terior; (D) efforts to address harassment and violence against women within the Afghan National De-fense and Security Forces; (E) improvements to infrastructure that ad-dress the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including appropriate equipment for female se-curity and police forces, and transportation for policewomen to their station; (F) support for Afghanistan National Police Family Response Units; and (G) security provisions for high-profile female police and military officers. (e) A
SSESSMENT OF AFGHANISTAN PROGRESS ON  S
ECURITY OBJECTIVES .— (1) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than May 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate an assessment describing the progress of the Government of the Islamic Re-public of Afghanistan toward meeting shared se-curity objectives. In conducting such assess-ment, the Secretary of Defense shall consider each of the following: (A) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has taken steps toward increased accountability and reducing corruption within the Ministries of Defense and Interior. (B) The extent to which the capability and ca-pacity of the Afghan National Defense and Se-curity Forces have improved as a result of Af-ghanistan Security Forces Fund investment, in-cluding through training. (C) The extent to which the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces have been able to increase pressure on the Taliban, al-Qaeda, the Haqqani network, and other terrorist organiza-tions, including by re-taking territory, defend-ing territory, and disrupting attacks. (D) Whether or not the Government of Af-ghanistan is ensuring that supplies, equipment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4122 June 19, 2018 
and weaponry supplied by the United States are appropriately distributed to security forces charged with fighting the Taliban and other ter-rorist organizations. (E) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has designated the appropriate staff, prioritized the development of relevant processes, and provided or requested the alloca-tion of resources necessary to support a peace and reconciliation process in Afghanistan. (F) Such other factors as the Secretaries con-sider appropriate. (2) W
ITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE FOR INSUFFI -
CIENT PROGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Defense determines, in coordination with the Secretary of State, pursuant to the assessment under paragraph (1) that the Government of Afghani-stan has made insufficient progress, the Sec-retary of Defense may withhold assistance for the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces until such time as the Secretary deter-mines sufficient progress has been made. (B) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary of Defense withholds assistance under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State, provide notice to Congress not later than 30 days after making the decision to withhold such assistance. 
SEC. 1212. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1212 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017, and ending on Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) Pakistan for certain activities meant to enhance the security situation in the Afghani-stan-Pakistan border region pursuant to section 1226 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note), as amended by the John S. McCain National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION TO LIMITATIONS .—Sub- section (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$900,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$350,000,000’’; and (B) by striking the second sentence; and (2) by striking paragraph (3). (c) R
EPEAL OF PROVISION RELATING TO REIM-
BURSEMENT TO PAKISTAN FOR SECURITY EN-
HANCEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Such section is further amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsections (f) through (h) as subsections (e) through (g), respectively. (d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (e) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (c) of this section, is amended by striking the second sentence. 
SEC. 1213. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as most recently amended by section 1211 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) EXCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection (i)(2) of such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1214. MODIFICATION OF REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS FOR SPECIAL IMMI-GRANT VISAS FOR AFGHAN ALLIES PROGRAM. 
Section 602 of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (10); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through (16) as paragraphs (10) through (15), respec-tively; (C) in paragraph (11)(A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’; (D) in paragraph (12), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (12)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (11)(B)’’; and (E) in paragraph (13), as so redesignated, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a report to the’’ and all that follows through ‘‘House of Representatives’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a report to the appropriate committees of Congress’’; (2) by striking subsection (c); and (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c). Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran 
SEC. 1221. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-VIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3558), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (g) of such section 1236, as most recently so amended, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘for the Department of Defense for Overseas Contingency Operations for fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Department of Defense for Overseas Contingency Operations for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$1,269,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$850,000,000’’. (c) L
IMITATION OF USE OF FISCAL YEAR2019 F
UNDS.—Of the amounts authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for ac-tivities under the authority in section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by this section, not more than $450,000,000 may be obligated or expended for such activities until the date on which the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the con-gressional defense committees each of the fol-lowing: (1) The report on the United States strategy in Iraq required by the joint explanatory statement of the committee of the conference accom-panying Conference Report 115–404. (2) A report setting forth the following: (A) An explanation of the purpose of a con-tinuing United States military presence in Iraq, including— (i) an explanation of the national security ob-jectives of the United States with respect to Iraq; (ii) a detailed description of— (I) the size of a continuing United States mili-tary presence in Iraq; and (II) the roles and missions associated with a continuing United States military presence in Iraq; and (iii) a delineation of the responsibilities in connection with a continuing United States military presence in Iraq of— (I) the Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve (or a successor task force); (II) the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq; and (III) other United States embassy-based mili-tary personnel. (B) An identification of the specific units of the Iraqi Security Forces to receive training and equipment or other support in fiscal year 2019. (C) A plan for ensuring that any vehicles and equipment provided to the Iraqi Security Forces pursuant to that authority are maintained in subsequent fiscal years using funds of Iraq. (D) An estimate, by fiscal year, of the funding anticipated to be required for support of the Iraqi Security Forces pursuant to that authority during the five fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2020. (E) A detailed plan for the obligation and ex-penditure of the funds requested for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for Oper-ational Sustainment of the Iraqi Security Forces. (F) A plan for the transition to the Govern-ment of Iraq of responsibility for funding for Operational Sustainment of the Iraqi Security Forces for fiscal years after fiscal year 2019. (G) A description of any actions carried out under this paragraph. SEC. 1222. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSIST-ANCE TO THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPO-SITION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1209(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3559), as most re-cently amended by section 1221(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2485), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS IN GEN-
ERAL.— (1) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for activities under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), until the later of the following: (A) The date on which the President submits the report on United States strategy in Syria re-quired by section 1221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (B) The date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the re-port described in paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report setting forth the following: (A) A detailed description of the internal secu-rity forces of the vetted Syrian opposition to be trained and equipped under such authority, in-cluding a description of their geographic loca-tions, demographic profiles, political affili-ations, current capabilities, and relation to the objectives under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a). (B) A detailed description of planned capabili-ties, including categories of equipment, intended to be provided to the elements of the vetted Syr-ian opposition under such authority. (C) A description of the planned level of en-gagement by United States forces with the ele-ments of the vetted Syrian opposition after such elements of the vetted Syrian opposition have been trained and equipped under such author-ity, including the oversight of equipment pro-vided under such authority and the activities conducted by such vetted Syrian opposition forces. (D) An explanation of the processes and mechanisms for local commanders of the vetted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4123 June 19, 2018 
Syrian opposition to exercise command and con-trol of the elements of the vetted Syrian opposi-tion after such elements of the vetted Syrian op-position have been trained and equipped under such authority. (E) An explanation of complementary local governance and other stabilization activities in areas in which elements of the local internal se-curity forces trained and equipped under such authority will be operating and the relation of such local governance and other stabilization activities to the oversight of such security forces. (c) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON USE OF FUNDS D
URING FISCAL YEAR2019.— (1) C
ERTIFICATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH USE  
OF FUNDS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 120 days thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written certification on the following: (A) Whether, during the 120-day period end-ing on the date of the certification, demon-strable progress was made— (i) to retake control of territory in Syria from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS); or (ii) to stabilize areas in Syria formerly held by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (B) Whether, during such period, the vetted Syrian opposition tasked with conducting local security operations that United States forces are training and equipping under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), were demographically represent-ative of the local communities and serve local governance bodies that are similarly representa-tive of the local communities. (C) Whether, during such period, the Depart-ment of Defense took actions to mitigate any pause in offensive operations against the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria through the train-ing, equipping, and assistance of the vetted Syr-ian opposition. (D) Whether, during such period, support pro-vided under the authority referred to in sub-paragraph (B) was consistent with United States standards regarding respect for human rights, rule of law, and support for stable and equitable governance. (E) Whether, during such period, members of the vetted Syrian opposition receiving support under the authority referred to in subparagraph (B) continued to demonstrate respect for human rights and rule of law, violations of human rights and rule of law by such members were ap-propriately investigated, and the individuals re-sponsible for such violations were appropriately held accountable. (2) L
IMITATION .—If the Secretary does not make a certification by the deadline for sub-mittal required for the certification under para-graph (1), or is unable in the certification to cer-tify each of the matters specified in that para-graph, no support may be provided to the vetted Syrian opposition under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), during the period that— (A) begins on the deadline for submittal of the certification (if the certification is not made) or the date of the certification (if the certification does not certify each of the matters), as applica-ble; and (B) ends on the date on which a certification is submitted under paragraph (1) that certifies each of the matters. 
SEC. 1223. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT OPER-ATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OF-FICE OF SECURITY COOPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (b) AMOUNT AVAILABLE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Such section is further amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $42,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019 may not exceed $45,300,000’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (2) L
IMITATION OF USE OF FISCAL YEAR 2019  
FUNDS PENDING REPORTS .—Of the amount avail-able for fiscal year 2019 for section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, as amended by this section, not more than an amount equal to 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended for the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq until 30 days after the later of— (A) the date on which the report on the United States strategy on Iraq required by the joint explanatory statement of the committee of the conference accompanying Conference Report 115–404 is submitted to the congressional defense committees; and (B) the date on which the report required under subsection (c) is submitted to the appro-priate committees of Congress. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in cooperation with the Sec-retary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the enduring planned size and missions of the Office of Security Coopera-tion in Iraq after the cessation of major combat operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (B) A description of the relationship between the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and any planned enduring presence of other United States forces in Iraq. (C) A detailed description of any activity to be conducted by the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq in fiscal year 2019. (D) A plan and timeline for the normalization of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq to conform to other offices of security cooperation, including the transition of funding from the De-partment of Defense to the Department of State by the beginning of fiscal year 2020. (E) Such other matters with respect to the Of-fice of Security Cooperation in Iraq as the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State consider appropriate. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1224. SYRIA STUDY GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a working group to be known as the ‘‘Syria Study Group’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Group’’). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Group is to examine and make recommendations on the mili-tary and diplomatic strategy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (c) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Group shall be com-posed of 12 members, who shall be appointed as follows: (A) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (B) One member appointed by the ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate. (C) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (D) One member appointed by the ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate. (E) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (F) One member appointed by the ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives. (G) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (H) One member appointed by the ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. (I) One member appointed by the majority leader of the Senate. (J) One member appointed by the minority leader of the Senate. (K) One member appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. (L) One member appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (2) CO-CHAIRS .— (A) Of the members of the Group, one co-chair shall be jointly designated by— (i) the chairs of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (ii) the chairs of the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (iii) the majority leader of the Senate; and (iv) the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives. (B) Of the members of the Group, one co-chair shall be jointly designated by— (i) the ranking minority members of the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (ii) the ranking minority members of the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (iii) the minority leader of the Senate; and (iv) the minority leader of the House of Rep-resentatives. (3) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—A member shall be appointed for the life of the Group. (4) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Group shall be filled in the same manner as the origi-nal appointment. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Group shall conduct a re-view on the current United States military and diplomatic strategy with respect to the conflict in Syria that includes a review of current United States objectives in Syria and the desired end state in Syria. (2) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—The Group shall— (A) conduct a comprehensive assessment of the current situation in Syria, the impact of such situation on neighboring countries, the re-sulting regional and geopolitical threats to the United States, and current military, diplomatic, and political efforts to achieve a stable Syria; and (B) develop recommendations on the military and diplomatic strategy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (e) C
OOPERATION OF UNITED STATES GOVERN -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Group shall receive the full and timely cooperation of the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence in providing the Group with analyses, briefings, and other information necessary for the discharge of the duties of the Group under subsection (d). (2) L
IAISON .—The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence shall each designate at least one of-ficer or employee of the Department of Defense, the Department of State, and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, respectively, to serve as a liaison to the Group. (3) F
ACILITATION .—The United States Insti-tute of Peace shall take appropriate actions to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4124 June 19, 2018 
facilitate the Group in the discharge of the du-ties of the Group under this section. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than June 30, 2019, the Group shall submit to the President, the Sec-retary of Defense, the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the majority and minority leaders of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the minor-ity leader of the House of Representatives a re-port that sets forth the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Group under this section. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall include each of the fol-lowing: (i) An assessment of the current security, po-litical, humanitarian, and economic situations in Syria. (ii) An assessment of the current participation and objectives of the various external actors in Syria. (iii) An assessment of the consequences of con-tinued conflict in Syria. (iv) Recommendations for a resolution to the conflict in Syria, including— (I) options for a gradual political transition to a post-Assad Syria; and (II) actions necessary for reconciliation. (v) A roadmap for a United States and coali-tion strategy to reestablish security and govern-ance in Syria, including recommendations for the synchronization of stabilization, develop-ment, counterterrorism, and reconstruction ef-forts. (vi) Any other matter with respect to the con-flict in Syria that the Group considers to be ap-propriate. (2) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Group shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the ma-jority and minority leaders of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representa-tives a report that describes the status of the re-view and assessment under subsection (d) and any interim recommendations developed by the Group as of the date of the briefing. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report submitted to Congress under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The Group shall terminate on the date that is 180 days after the date on which the Group submits the report required by subsection (f)(1). 
SEC. 1225. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
Section 1245(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘the Houthis,’’ after ‘‘Hamas,’’; and (2) in paragraph (7)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Russian Federation,’’ after ‘‘Pakistan,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘trafficking or’’ before ‘‘de-velopment’’. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Europe and the Russian Federation 
SEC. 1231. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON MILI-TARY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1232 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2488), as amended by section 1231 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amend-ed in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017 or 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017, 2018, or 2019’’. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to limit bilat-eral military-to-military dialogue between the United States and the Russian Federation for the purpose of reducing the risk of conflict.’’. 
SEC. 1232. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the De-partment of Defense may be obligated or ex-pended to implement any activity that recog-nizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Sec-retary of Defense— (1) determines that the waiver is in the na-tional security interest of the United States; and (2) submits to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notification of the waiver. 
SEC. 1233. EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY AS-SISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as most recently amended by section 1234 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to subsection (f)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to sub-section (f)(4)’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’; (2) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For fiscal year 2019, $200,000,000.’’; and (3) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1234. SENSE OF SENATE ON RELOCATION OF JOINT INTELLIGENCE ANALYSIS COMPLEX. 
It is the sense of the Senate that, in consider-ation of any future plans regarding the reloca-tion of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex of the United States European Command, the Secretary of Defense should maintain its geo-graphic location within the United Kingdom and its collocation with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Intelligence Fu-sion Center. 
SEC. 1235. SENSE OF SENATE ON ENHANCING DE-TERRENCE AGAINST RUSSIAN AG-GRESSION IN EUROPE. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—To protect the national security of the United States, it is the policy of the United States to pursue an inte-grated approach to strengthening the defense of allies and partners in Europe as part of a broad-er, long-term strategy backed by all elements of United States national power to deter and, if necessary, defeat Russian aggression. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that in order to strengthen the de-fense of allies and partners in Europe, the Sec-retary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State and in consultation with the commander of United States European Com-mand, should— (1) prioritize the need for additional United States Army forward presence in Europe, espe-cially increased forward-stationed combat enablers to enhance United States Army capa-bility and capacity in areas such as— (A) long-range fires; (B) air and missile defense; (C) combat engineering; (D) logistics and sustainment; (E) warfighting headquarters elements; and (F) electronic warfare; (2) conduct a review of the balance of United States Army presence in Europe between rotationally deployed and forward-stationed forces, including an examination of transitioning the rotational presence of a United States Army armored brigade combat team (ABCT) in Europe to a forward-stationed ABCT, with consideration of— (A) the opportunity to more effectively signal the enduring commitment of the United States— (i) to assure allies and partners in Europe; and (ii) to deter Russian aggression; (B) the significant recurring fiscal costs of ro-tating heavy, equipment-intensive units; (C) the family readiness impacts of lengthy heel-to-toe rotational deployments; (D) the potential advantages of interoper-ability and cultural proficiency that can be achieved by forward-stationed forces that have knowledge of local rules, regulations, culture, customs, geography, and counterpart military units and officials; (E) the potential tradeoffs between— (i) the training readiness and high oper-ational tempo of rotational units; and (ii) the higher manning rates of forward-sta-tioned forces; and (F) the benefits of National Training Center rotations for rotationally deployed units as com-pared to maximized use of United States Army training areas in Europe, including the Joint Multinational Readiness Center in Germany, by forward-stationed units in Europe; (3) consider options for mitigating personnel impacts of heel-to-toe rotations of United States forces in Europe, including designation of Oper-ation Atlantic Resolve as a named operation; (4) examine the merit and feasibility of main-taining a continuous and enduring presence of at least one United States Army company in Es-tonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; (5) examine the merit and feasibility of in-creasing the presence of United States special operations forces in Estonia, Latvia, and Lith-uania to deter aggression, promote interoper-ability, build resilience through training activi-ties focused on countering unconventional war-fare strategies, and enable the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to take collective action if required; (6) examine the merit and feasibility of prepositioning certain equipment and ammuni-tion in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; (7) continue rotational deployments of United States forces to Romania and Bulgaria while taking full advantage of the training opportuni-ties available at military locations such as Camp Mihail Kogalniceanu in Romania and Novo Selo Training Area in Bulgaria; (8) examine the implications of Russian mili-tary activity in the Arctic region for United States military capability, capacity, and force posture; (9) conduct exercises focused on dem-onstrating the capability to flow United States forces from the continental United States and surge forces from central to eastern Europe in a nonpermissive environment— (A) to test and improve strategic and oper-ational logistics and transportation capabilities; (B) to identify capability gaps, capacity short-falls, or other limiting factors in the execution of operational plans; and (C) to identify appropriate corrective action; (10) consider incorporating cyber protection teams, to the extent practicable, with rotational forces in Europe with a focus on training United States and allied forces to operate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4125 June 19, 2018 
against adversary cyber, electronic warfare, and information operations capabilities; (11) support robust security assistance for Ukraine, including defensive lethal assistance, while promoting necessary defense institutional reforms; (12) support robust security assistance for Georgia, including defensive lethal assistance, to strengthen the defense capabilities and readi-ness of Georgia, and improve interoperability with NATO forces; (13) promote enhanced military-to-military en-gagement between the United States and the militaries of the countries of the Western Bal-kans to promote interoperability with NATO, ci-vilian control of the military, procurement re-forms, and regional security cooperation; (14) develop and implement a comprehensive security cooperation strategy that rationalizes and prioritizes support for allies and partners in Europe, including Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia; (15) consider the merit and feasibility of a de-fense lending initiative to support allies and partners in Europe, especially allies and part-ners that are most vulnerable to Russian aggres-sion, to supplement and fill gaps in existing United States security assistance and arms sales mechanisms; and (16) in NATO or through other multilateral formats— (A) promote reforms to accelerate the speed of decision and deployability within NATO, in-cluding delegation to the Secretary General and the Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR) of the authority to deploy the Very High Readiness Joint Task Force to any loca-tion within the territory of NATO allies in re-sponse to a security crisis; (B) promote a more robust NATO defense planning process that— (i) defines clear, stable chains-of-command re-sponsible for the execution of graduated re-sponse plans; (ii) generates realistic military requirements; and (iii) provides a basis for assigning allies spe-cific responsibilities as force providers in contin-gency plans; (C) pursue planning agreements with allies and partners in Europe on rules of engagement and arrangements for command and control, ac-cess, transit, and support in crisis situations, which occur prior to an invocation of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Council; (D) promote operational readiness of major combat units as a key element of alliance bur-den sharing alongside spending commitments made at the 2014 Wales Summit, including through— (i) the establishment of 30-day readiness tar-gets for NATO kinetic air squadrons, major naval combatants, and mechanized maneuver battalions; (ii) emphasis on allies maintaining fully manned units, improving readiness of key logis-tics units, increasing lift capacity, and main-taining sufficient stocks of equipment and muni-tions; and (iii) the conduct of NATO exercises with a focus on rapid mobilization and deployment of allied forces; (E) explore transitioning the Baltic air polic-ing mission of NATO to a Baltic air defense mis-sion that would— (i) be fully integrated with the Integrated Air and Missile Defense of NATO and other re-gional short- and medium-range air defense sys-tems; and (ii) include the participation of NATO and re-gional partners such as Sweden and Finland; and (F) support multilateral efforts to improve maritime domain awareness in the Baltic Sea, including— (i) integrating subsurface sensors and anti- submarine warfare platforms of NATO and other regional partners into a shared maritime domain awareness framework; (ii) coordinating the development, procure-ment, and employment of aerial, surface, and subsurface unmanned vehicles as well as mobile air surveillance radars; (iii) expanding the scope of Sea Surveillance Cooperation Baltic Sea (SUCBAS) information sharing to include sensitive or classified data with the goal of creating a common operating picture; and (iv) encouraging civil-military collaboration on maritime domain awareness; (G) promote alignment of the Permanent Structured Cooperation, European Defense Fund, and Coordinated Annual Review on De-fense of the European Union (EU) with the NATO defense planning process; (H) support NATO–EU cooperation to ensure that— (i) EU capability development is coherent, complementary, and interoperable with NATO; (ii) EU-generated capabilities are available to NATO; and (iii) EU defense activities are conducted with appropriate transparency and participation of non-EU states; (I) support coordinated NATO and EU actions on expediting or waiving diplomatic clearances for the movement of United States and allied forces during contingencies; (J) support cooperative investment frameworks that promote increased military mobility in Eu-rope; (K) explore enhancing the role of NATO Force Integration Units to more centrally coordinate exercises and training by de-conflicting training engagements, identifying opportunities for com-bined activities, and ensuring exercise design and delivery are responsive to the dynamic secu-rity environment; (L) support cooperative efforts to improve the cyber resiliency of commercial systems in Eu-rope, especially port and rail infrastructure es-sential for military mobility; (M) support NATO procurement and training efforts to expand the use of secure and inter-operable communications at the operational level, especially in the militaries of Estonia, Lat-via, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, and Bul-garia; (N) expand cooperation and joint planning with allies and partners on intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance (ISR), including— (i) exercises related to border security and cri-sis command and control; and (ii) electronic warfare, anti-air, and anti-sur-face capabilities; (O) promote efforts to improve the capability and readiness of NATO Standing Maritime Groups; (P) encourage regular review and update of the Alliance Maritime Strategy of NATO to re-flect the changing military balance in the Black Sea with a particular focus on ISR, cyber, elec-tronic warfare, and anti-submarine warfare ca-pabilities as well as defense of ports, airfields, military bases, and other critical infrastructure; (Q) explore increasing the frequency, scale, and scope of NATO and other multilateral exer-cises in the Black Sea with the participation of Ukraine and Georgia; (R) promote integration of United States Ma-rines in Norway with the United Kingdom-led Joint Expeditionary Force to increase multilat-eral cooperation and interoperability between NATO and regional partners such as Sweden and Finland; (S) affirm support for the Open Door policy of NATO, including the eventual membership of Georgia in NATO; and (T) promote the contribution of sufficient re-sources by NATO allies for the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package, and encourage NATO allies to make full use of the NATO–Georgian Joint Training and Evaluation Center. SEC. 1236. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATED TO NATO SUPPORT AND PROCURE-MENT ORGANIZATION AND RELATED NATO AGREEMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Section 2350d of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘NATO Support Organization’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘NATO Support and Procurement Organization’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Support Partnership Agree-ment’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Sup-port or Procurement Partnership Agreement’’; and (3) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Support Partnership Agreements’’ and inserting ‘‘Sup-port or Procurement Partnership Agreements’’. (b) A
RMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT.—Section 21(e)(3) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2761(e)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Support Organization’’ and inserting ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Support and Procurement Organization’’; and (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘support partner-ship agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘support or pro-curement partnership agreement’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)(i), in the matter pre-ceding subclause (I)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘weapon system partnership agreement’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘support or pro-curement partnership agreement’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization (NATO) Support Organization’’ and inserting ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Support and Procurement Organiza-tion’’. 
SEC. 1237. REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION AND CUBA, NICARAGUA, AND VENEZUELA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on security cooperation be-tween the Russian Federation and each of the countries specified in subsection (b). (b) C
OUNTRIES .—The countries specified in this subsection are as follows: (1) Cuba. (2) Nicaragua. (3) Venezuela. (c) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report re-quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) An assessment of bilateral security co-operation between the Russian Federation and each country specified in subsection (b) that in-cludes each of the following: (A) A list of Russian weapon systems or other military hardware or technology valued at not less than $1,000,000 provided to or purchased by such country since January 1, 2007. (B) A description of the participation of the security forces of such country in training or ex-ercises with the security forces of the Russian Federation since January 1, 2007. (C) A description of any security cooperation agreement between the Russian Federation and such country. (D) A description of any military or intel-ligence infrastructure, facilities, and assets de-veloped by the Russian Federation in each such country and any associated agreements or un-derstandings between the Russian Federation and such country. (2) An assessment of security cooperation, spe-cifically in an advisory role, among the coun-tries specified in subsection (b). (d) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4126 June 19, 2018 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1238. SENSE OF SENATE ON COUNTERING RUSSIAN MALIGN INFLUENCE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State should— (1) urgently prioritize the completion of a com-prehensive strategy to counter Russian malign influence; and (2) submit to Congress the report required by section 1239A(d) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo- Pacific Region 
SEC. 1241. REDESIGNATION, EXPANSION, AND EX-TENSION OF SOUTHEAST ASIA MARI-TIME SECURITY INITIATIVE. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION AS INDO-PACIFIC MARITIME  S
ECURITY INITIATIVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(2) of section 1263 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 333 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the ‘Southeast Asia Mari-time Security Initiative’’’ and inserting ‘‘the ‘Indo-Pacific Maritime Security Initiative’’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1263. INDO-PACIFIC MARITIME SECURITY INITIATIVE.’’. 
(b) E XPANSION .— (1) E
XPANSION OF REGION TO RECEIVE ASSIST -
ANCE AND TRAINING .—Subsection (a)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Indian Ocean’’ after ‘‘South China Sea’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A). (2) R
ECIPIENT COUNTRIES OF ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING GENERALLY .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a period; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) Bangladesh. ‘‘(7) Sri Lanka.’’. (3) C
OUNTRIES ELIGIBLE FOR PAYMENT OF CER -
TAIN INCREMENTAL EXPENSES .—Subsection (e)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) India.’’. (c) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1242. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVEL-OPMENTS INVOLVING THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
Section 1202(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (16) and (17) through (23) as paragraphs (7) through (17) and (19) through (25), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph (6): ‘‘(6) China’s overseas military basing and lo-gistics infrastructure.’’; (3) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘including technology transfers and es-pionage’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘in-cluding investment, industrial espionage, cybertheft, academia, and other means of tech-nology transfer’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (17), as so re-designated, the following new paragraph (18): ‘‘(18) An assessment of relations between China and the Russian Federation with respect to security and military matters.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(26) The relationship between Chinese over-seas investment, including initiatives such as the Belt and Road Initiative, and Chinese secu-rity and military strategy objectives. ‘‘(27) Efforts by China to influence the media, cultural institutions, business, and academic and policy communities of the United States to be more favorable to its security and military strategy and objectives. ‘‘(28) Efforts by China to monitor and influ-ence, in support of its security and military strategy and objectives, the following: ‘‘(A) Chinese citizens in the United States. ‘‘(B) United States citizens of Chinese de-scent.’’. SEC. 1243. SENSE OF SENATE ON TAIWAN. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Taiwan Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and the ‘‘Six Assurances’’ are both cor-nerstones of United States relations with Tai-wan; (2) the United States should strengthen de-fense and security cooperation with Taiwan to support the development of capable, ready, and modern defense forces necessary for Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self-defense capability; (3) the United States should strongly support the acquisition by Taiwan of defensive weapons through foreign military sales, direct commercial sales, and industrial cooperation, with a par-ticular emphasis on asymmetric warfare and un-dersea warfare capabilities, consistent with the Taiwan Relations Act; (4) the United States should improve the pre-dictability of arms sales to Taiwan by ensuring timely review of and response to requests of Tai-wan for defense articles and defense services; (5) the Secretary of Defense should promote Department of Defense policies concerning ex-changes that enhance the security of Taiwan, including— (A) United States participation in appropriate Taiwan exercises, such as the annual Han Kuang exercise; (B) Taiwan participation in appropriate United States exercises; and (C) exchanges between senior defense officials and general officers of the United States and Taiwan consistent with the Taiwan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135); (6) the United States and Taiwan should ex-pand cooperation in humanitarian assistance and disaster relief; and (7) the Secretary of Defense should consider supporting the visit of a United States hospital ship to Taiwan as part of the annual ‘‘Pacific Partnership’’ mission in order to improve dis-aster response planning and preparedness as well as to strengthen cooperation between the United States and Taiwan. 
SEC. 1244. REDESIGNATION AND MODIFICATION OF SENSE OF CONGRESS AND INITIA-TIVE FOR THE INDO-ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘Indo-Asia-Pacific’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Indo-Pacific’’. (2) H
EADING AMENDMENTS .— (A) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1251. SENSE OF CONGRESS AND INITIATIVE FOR THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION.’’. 
(B) S UBSECTION HEADINGS .—Such section is further amended in the headings of subsections (b) and (f) by striking ‘‘I
NDO-ASIA-PACIFIC ’’ and inserting ‘‘I
NDO-PACIFIC ’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF INITIATIVE .—Such sec- tion is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs (1) through (4): ‘‘(1) Activities to increase the rotational and forward presence, improve the capabilities, and enhance the posture of the United States Armed Forces in the Indo-Pacific region— ‘‘(A) consistent with the National Defense Strategy; and ‘‘(B) to the extent required to minimize the risk of execution of the contingency plans of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) Activities to improve military and defense infrastructure, logistics, and assured access in the Indo-Pacific region to enhance the respon-siveness, survivability, and operational resil-ience of the United States Armed Forces in the Indo-Pacific region. ‘‘(3) Activities to enhance the storage and pre- positioning in the Indo-Pacific region of equip-ment and munitions of the United States Armed Forces. ‘‘(4) Bilateral and multilateral military train-ing and exercises with allies and partner na-tions in the Indo-Pacific region.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘security capacity’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘of allies’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘security capacity of allies’’; and (ii) by redesignating clauses (i) through (v) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘only’’; and (3) by amending subsection (e) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) FIVE-YEAR PLAN FOR THE INDO-PACIFIC  S
TABILITY INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) P
LAN REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Pa-cific Command, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a future years plan on activities and resources of the Initiative. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The plan shall apply to the Initiative with respect to fiscal year 2020 and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) A description of the objectives of the Ini-tiative. ‘‘(B) A description of the manner in which such objectives support implementation of the National Defense Strategy and reduce the risk of execution of the contingency plans of the De-partment of Defense by improving the oper-ational resilience of United States forces in the Indo-Pacific region. ‘‘(C) An assessment of the resource require-ments to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(D) An assessment of any additional rota-tional or permanently stationed United States forces in the Indo-Pacific region required to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(E) An assessment of the logistics require-ments, including force enablers, equipment, sup-plies, storage, and maintenance, to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(F) An identification and assessment of re-quired infrastructure investments to achieve such objectives, including potential infrastruc-ture investments by host countries and new con-struction or upgrades of existing sites that would be funded by the United States. ‘‘(G) An assessment of any new agreements, or changes to existing agreements, with other countries for assured access required to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(H) An assessment of security cooperation investments required to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(3) F
ORM.—The plan required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. 
SEC. 1245. PROHIBITION ON PARTICIPATION OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA IN RIM OF THE PACIFIC (RIMPAC) NAVAL EXERCISES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the pace and militarization by the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China of land reclamation activities in the South China Sea is destabilizing the security of United States allies and partners and threatening United States core interests; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4127 June 19, 2018 
(2) these activities of the Government of the People’s Republic of China adversarially threat-en the maritime security of the United States and our allies and partners; (3) no country that acts adversarially should be invited to multilateral exercises; and (4) the involvement of the Government of the People’s Republic of China in multilateral exer-cises should undergo reevaluation until such be-havior changes. (b) C
ONDITIONS FOR FUTURE PARTICIPATION IN  RIMPAC.—The Secretary of Defense shall not enable or facilitate the participation of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in any Rim of the Pa-cific (RIMPAC) naval exercise unless the Sec-retary certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that China has— (1) ceased all land reclamation activities in the South China Sea; (2) removed all weapons from its land rec-lamation sites; and (3) established a consistent four-year track record of taking actions toward stabilizing the region. 
SEC. 1246. ASSESSMENT OF AND REPORT ON GEO-POLITICAL CONDITIONS IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall select and enter into an agreement with an entity independent of the Department of Defense to conduct an assess-ment of the geopolitical conditions in the Indo- Pacific region that are necessary for the suc-cessful implementation of the National Defense Strategy. (2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The assess-ment required by paragraph (1) shall include a determination of the geopolitical conditions in the Indo-Pacific region, including any change in economic and political relations, that are necessary to support United States military re-quirements for forward defense, extensive for-ward basing, and alliance formation and strengthening in such region. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the inde-pendent entity selected under subsection (a) shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the assess-ment conducted under that subsection. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .—The Secretary shall provide the independent entity selected under subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analyses necessary for the independent entity to conduct the assessment required by that sub-section in a thorough and independent manner. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1247. SENSE OF SENATE ON UNITED STATES- INDIA DEFENSE RELATIONSHIP. 
It is the sense the Senate that the United States should strengthen and enhance its major defense partnership with India and work to-ward mutual security objectives by— (1) expanding engagement in multilateral frameworks, including the Quadrilateral Dia-logue between the United States, India, Japan, and Australia, to promote regional security and defend shared values and common interests in the rules-based order; (2) exploring additional steps to implement the ‘‘major defense partner’’ designation to better facilitate military interoperability, information sharing, and appropriate technology transfers; (3) designating the responsible individual within the Department of Defense to facilitate the major defense partnership with India, as re-quired by section 1292(a)(1)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559); (4) pursuing strategic initiatives to help de-velop India’s defense capabilities, including maritime security capabilities; (5) improving cooperation on and coordination of humanitarian and disaster relief responses; (6) conducting additional joint exercises with India in the Persian Gulf, the Indian Ocean re-gion, and the Western Pacific; and (7) furthering cooperative efforts to promote security and stability in Afghanistan. SEC. 1248. SENSE OF SENATE ON STRATEGIC IM-PORTANCE OF MAINTAINING COM-MITMENTS UNDER COMPACTS OF FREE ASSOCIATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Re-public of Palau are sovereign countries in free association with the United States under the Compacts of Free Association (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Compacts’’), which provide for the exclusive right of the United States Armed Forces to operate in the areas covered by the Compacts. (2) Such exclusive right allows the United States to curtail the potential expansion of for-eign militaries into areas covered by the Com-pacts. (3) Under the Compacts, eligible citizens of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau may— (A) reside, work, and study in the United States without a visa; and (B) serve in the United States Armed Forces. (4) An estimated 
1⁄4of the populations of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau has relocated to the United States. (5) Under the Compacts, the Federal Govern-ment is required to provide assistance to any af-fected jurisdiction in the United States to defray costs incurred by the affected jurisdiction for health, educational, social, or public safety services, or for infrastructure relating to such services, due to the residence in the affected ju-risdiction of citizens of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands, and the Republic of Palau. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that maintaining the commitments of the United States under the Compacts is of vital strategic importance to the national security in-terests of the United States. 
SEC. 1249. SENSE OF SENATE ON UNITED STATES MILITARY FORCES ON THE KOREAN PENINSULA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) On June 25, 1950, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK), under the rule of Kim Il-sung, the grandfather of Kim Jong-un, launched a surprise attack against forces from the Republic of Korea (South Korea) and small contingent of United States forces, thus begin-ning the Korean War. (2) In June and July of 1950, the United Na-tions Security Council adopted Resolutions 82, 83, and 84 calling for the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to cease hostilities and with-draw, to recommend that United Nations mem-ber nations provide forces to repel the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea attack, and stating any forces provided should be unified under the command of the United States, respec-tively. (3) Fighting as part of a 1,000,000-strong, 22- nation United Nations force, 36,574 members of the United States Armed Forces and 137,899 members of the South Korean military lost their lives during the three years of armed hostilities and brutal conflict in the Korean War. (4) On July 27, 1953, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Chinese People’s Volunteers, and the United Nations signed an armistice agreement ceasing all hostilities in Korea and establishing the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). (5) Since 1953, lawfully-deployed United States and United Nations forces have remained alongside their South Korean counterparts, con-tinuing to protect and defend South Korea and deter aggression from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (6) As a lasting testament the blood and treas-ure lost during the Korean War and the strong and unwavering alliance built from the ashes of the conflict, the Korean War Memorial in Wash-ington, District of Columbia, and the War Me-morial of Korea in Seoul, South Korea, promi-nently display the following inscription: ‘‘Our Nation honors her Sons and Daughters who an-swered the call to defend a Country they never knew and a people they never met.’’. (7) The United States maintains a robust, well-trained, and ready force of approximately 28,500 members of the Armed Forces in South Korea, and the presence of the members of the Armed Forces in South Korea demonstrates the continued resolve and support of the United States for the enduring United States-South Ko-rean Alliance. (8) On December 22, 2017, Kim Jong-un stated, ‘‘The rapid development of [North Korea’s] nu-clear force is now exerting big influence on the world political structure and strategic environ-ment.’’. (9) On January 1, 2018, Kim Jong-un stated ‘‘The entire United States is within range of our nuclear weapons, and a nuclear button is al-ways on my desk. This is reality, not a threat. This year we should focus on mass producing nuclear warheads and ballistic missiles for oper-ational deployment.’’. (10) Despite 11 standalone United Nations Se-curity Council resolutions against the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, 8 of which passed during the rule of Kim Jong-un, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has continued to il-legally and unlawfully pursue a long-range, nu-clear capability meant to hold hostage the United States and threaten the security of the neighbors of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (11) The 2017 National Security Strategy (NSS) states— (A) ‘‘Our alliance and friendship with South Korea, forged by the trials of history, is stronger than ever.’’; (B) ‘‘Allies and partners magnify our power . . . [and] together with our allies, partners, and aspiring partners, the United States will pursue cooperation with reciprocity.’’; and (C) with respect to priority actions in the Indo-Pacific region, ‘‘We will redouble our com-mitment to established alliances and partner-ships, while expanding and deepening relation-ships with new partners that share respect for sovereignty . . . and the rule of law.’’. (12) Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated, ‘‘Winston Churchill noted that the only thing harder than fighting with allies is fighting with-out them. History proves that we are stronger when we stand united with others. Accordingly, our military will be designed, trained, and ready to fight alongside allies.’’. (13) The 2018 National Defense Strategy (NDS) states, ‘‘Mutually beneficial alliances and part-nerships are crucial to our strategy, providing a durable, asymmetric strategic advantage that no competitor or rival can match . . . [and the United States] will strengthen and evolve our al-liances and partnerships into an extended net-work capable of deterring or decisively acting to meet the shared challenges of our time.’’. (14) The unclassified summary of 2018 NDS, an 11-page document, mentions the term ‘‘al-lies’’ or ‘‘alliances’’ over 50 times. (15) The 2018 NDS states, ‘‘China is a strategic competitor using predatory economics to intimi-date its neighbors . . . [and] it is increasingly clear that China. . .want[s] to shape a world 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4128 June 19, 2018 
consistent with their authoritarian model—gain-ing veto authority over other nations’ economic, diplomatic, and security decisions.’’. (16) Foreign policy experts have long con-tended that the first priority of the People’s Re-public of China on the Korean Peninsula is to ensure that the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea remains a buffer between China and the democratic South Korea and the United States forces deployed on the Korean Peninsula. (17) China continues to provide the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea with most of its food and energy supplies and, until recently, accounted for approximately 90 percent of the total trade volume of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (18) On June 30, 2017, President Donald Trump stated, ‘‘Our goal is peace, stability and prosperity for the region. But the United States will defend itself, always will defend itself, al-ways, and we will always defend our allies. As part of that commitment, we are working to-gether to ensure fair burden sharing and sup-port of the United States military presence in Republic of Korea.’’. (19) South Korea already pays for approxi-mately 50 percent of the total nonpersonal costs of the 28,500 United States members of the Armed Forces on the Korean Peninsula, amounting to $887,500,000 in 2018. (20) President Moon Jae-in has committed to increasing the defense spending of South Korea during his term from the current level 2.4 per-cent of the gross domestic product to 2.9 percent of the gross domestic product. (21) News reports published in early May 2018 have stated that President Trump asked the Sec-retary of Defense to provide him with options for removing United States troops from the Ko-rean Peninsula. (22) National Security Advisor John Bolton re-sponded, ‘‘The President has not asked the Pen-tagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea.’’. (23) A spokesman for the Secretary stated, ‘‘The president has not asked the Pentagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea. The Department of Defense’s mission in South Korea remains the same, and our force posture has not changed. The Department of Defense remains committed to supporting the maximum pressure campaign, developing and maintaining military options for the President, and reinforcing our ironclad se-curity commitment with our allies. We all re-main committed to complete, verifiable, and irre-versible denuclearization of the Korean Penin-sula.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) South Korea is a close friend and ally of the United States, and the United States-South Korea alliance is the linchpin of peace and se-curity in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) the presence of United States military forces on the Korean Peninsula and across the Indo-Pacific region continues to play a critical role in safeguarding the peaceful and stable rules-based international order that benefits all countries; (3) South Korea has contributed heavily to its own defense and to the defense of the United States Armed Forces in South Korea, including by providing $10,000,000,000 of the $10,800,000,0000 Camp Humphreys project, which is 93 percent of the funding, to build and relo-cate United States military forces to a new base in South Korea; (4) United States military forces, pursuant to international law, are lawfully deployed on the Korean Peninsula; (5) the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea are clear and consistent violations of inter-national law; (6) the long-stated strategic objective of au-thoritarian states such as the People’s Republic of China, the Russian Federation, and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has been the significant removal of United States military forces from the Korean Peninsula; (7) the maximum pressure campaign of the Trump Administration, including an increase in economic sanctions and diplomatic measures with United States allies and regional partners, has worked to bring Kim Jong-un to the nego-tiation table; and (8) the significant removal of United States military forces from the Korean Peninsula is a non-negotiable item as it relates to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Subtitle F—Reports SEC. 1251. REPORT ON MILITARY AND COERCIVE ACTIVITIES OF THE PEOPLE’S RE-PUBLIC OF CHINA IN SOUTH CHINA SEA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (d), immediately after the commencement of any significant reclamation or militarization activity by the People’s Republic of China in the South China Sea, including any significant mili-tary deployment or operation or infrastructure construction, the Secretary of Defense, in co-ordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, and release to the public, a report on the mili-tary and coercive activities of China in the South China Sea in connection with such activ-ity. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT TO PUBLIC .—Each report on a significant reclamation or militariza-tion activity under subsection (a) shall include a short narrative on, and one or more cor-responding images of, such significant reclama-tion or militarization activity. (c) F
ORM.— (1) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Any report under subsection (a) that is submitted to the congressional defense committees shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (2) R
ELEASE TO PUBLIC .—If a report under subsection (a) is released to the public, such re-port shall be so released in unclassified form. (d) W
AIVER .— (1) R
ELEASE OF REPORT TO PUBLIC .—The Sec- retary of Defense may waive the requirement in subsection (a) for the release to the public of a report on a significant reclamation or militariza-tion activity if the Secretary determines that the release to the public of a report on such activity under that subsection in the form required by subsection (c)(2) would have an adverse effect on the national security interests of the United States. (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary issues a waiver under paragraph (1) with re-spect to a report on an activity, not later than 48 hours after the Secretary issues such waiver, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees written notice of, and jus-tification for, such waiver. 
SEC. 1252. REPORT ON TERRORIST USE OF HUMAN SHIELDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall provide a report on the use of human shields by terrorist groups to protect otherwise lawful tar-gets from attack. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the lessons learned from the United States and its allies and partners in addressing the use of human shields by terrorist organizations such as Hamas, Hezbollah, the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria, Al Qaeda, and any other organization as determined by the Secretary of Defense. (2) A description of a specific plan and actions being taken by the Department of Defense to in-corporate the lessons learned as identified in paragraph (1) into Department of Defense oper-ating guidance, relevant capabilities, and tac-tics, techniques, and procedures to deter, counter, and address the challenge posed by the use of human shields and hold accountable ter-rorist organizations for the use of human shields. (c) SUBMITTAL OF THE REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the report required in subsection (a). (d) F
ORM.—The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1253. REPORT ON ARCTIC STRATEGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the strategy of the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, and the Air Force, re-spectively, for the Arctic region. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the specific means by which each Armed Force, including regular components, the National Guard, and the Re-serves, will— (A) enhance the capability of the Armed Forces to defend the homeland and exercise sov-ereignty; (B) strengthen deterrence at home and abroad; (C) strengthen alliances and partnerships; (D) preserve freedom of the seas in the Arctic; (E) engage public, private, and international partners to improve domain awareness in the Arctic; (F) develop Department of Defense Arctic in-frastructure and capabilities consistent with changing conditions and needs; (G) provide support to civil authorities, as di-rected; (H) partner with other departments, agencies, and countries to support human and environ-mental security; and (I) support international institutions that pro-mote regional cooperation and the rule of law. (2) An analysis of the role of each Armed Force in the operational and contingency plans for the protection of United States national se-curity interests in the Arctic region, including strategic national assets, United States citizens, territory, freedom of navigation, and economic and trade interests in the Arctic region, weighed against the missions described in the Arctic strategy. (3) A detailed description of near-term and long-term training, capability, and resource gaps that must be addressed to fully execute each mission described in the Arctic strategy against an increasing threat environment. (4) A description of the Armed Force-specific infrastructure that may be needed to continue to accomplish each mission described in the Arc-tic strategy against an increasing threat envi-ronment, including a cost estimate and potential construction timeline for such infrastructure. (5) A description, by Armed Force, of the cur-rent and projected Arctic capabilities of the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China, and an analysis of current and future United States capabilities that are required to comply with— (A) each mission described in the Arctic strat-egy; and (B) the strategic objectives in the National De-fense Strategy. (6) With respect to each Armed Force— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4129 June 19, 2018 
(A) an assessment of the level of cooperation between each Armed Force and other depart-ments and agencies of the United States Govern-ment (including the Department of Homeland Security and the National Security Agency), State and local governments, and Tribal enti-ties; and (B) a plan for increased cooperation between the Armed Forces and such departments, agen-cies, and entities. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1254. REPORT ON PERMANENT STATIONING OF UNITED STATES FORCES IN THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of permanently sta-tioning United States forces in the Republic of Poland. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the types of permanently stationed United States forces in Poland re-quired to deter aggression by the Russian Fed-eration and execute Department of Defense con-tingency plans, including combat enabler units in capability areas such as— (A) combat engineering; (B) logistics and sustainment; (C) warfighting headquarters elements; (D) long-range fires; (E) air and missile defense; (F) intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance; and (G) electronic warfare. (2) An assessment of the feasibility and advis-ability of permanently stationing a United States Army brigade combat team in the Repub-lic of Poland that includes the following: (A) An assessment whether a permanently sta-tioned United States Army brigade combat team in Poland would enhance deterrence against Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. (B) An assessment of the actions the Russian Federation may take in response to a United States decision to permanently station a brigade combat team in Poland. (C) An assessment of the international polit-ical considerations of permanently stationing such a brigade combat team in Poland, includ-ing within the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO). (D) An assessment whether a such a brigade combat team in Poland would support imple-mentation of the National Defense Strategy. (E) A description and assessment of the man-ner in which such a brigade combat team in Po-land would affect the ability of the Joint Force to execute Department of Defense contingency plans in Europe. (F) A description and assessment of the man-ner in which such a brigade combat team in Po-land would affect the ability of the Joint Force to respond to a crisis inside the territory of a North Atlantic Treaty Organization ally that occurs prior to the invocation of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Coun-cil. (G) An identification and assessment of— (i) potential locations in Poland for stationing such a brigade combat team; (ii) the logistics requirements, including force enablers, equipment, supplies, storage, and maintenance, that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; (iii) infrastructure investments by the United States and Poland, including new construction or upgrades of existing sites, that would be re-quired to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; (iv) any new agreements, or changes to exist-ing agreements, between the United States and Poland that would be required for a such a bri-gade combat team in Poland; (v) any changes to the posture or capabilities of the Joint Force in Europe that would be re-quired to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; and (vi) the timeline required to achieve the per-manent stationing of such a brigade combat team in Poland. (H) An assessment of the willingness and abil-ity of the Government of Poland to provide host nation support for such a brigade combat team. (I) An assessment whether future growth in United States Army end strength may be used to source additional forces for such a brigade com-bat team in Poland. (c) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1254A. INEFFECTIVENESS OF SECTION 937. 
Section 937, relating to a Strategic Defense Fellows Program for the Department of Defense, shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 1254B. JOHN S. MCCAIN STRATEGIC DE-FENSE FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
(a) F ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall establish within the De-partment of Defense a civilian fellowship pro-gram designed to provide leadership develop-ment and the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership in the Department. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The fellowship program shall be known as the ‘‘John S. McCain Stra-tegic Defense Fellows Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘fellows program’’). (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—An individual is eligible for participation in the fellows program if the indi-vidual— (1) is a citizen of the United States or a lawful permanent resident of the United States in the year in which the individual applies for partici-pation in the fellows program; and (2) either— (A) possesses a graduate degree from an ac-credited institution of higher education in the United States that was awarded not later than two years before the date of the acceptance of the individual into the fellows program; or (B) will be awarded a graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States not later than six months after the date of the acceptance of the indi-vidual into the fellows program. (c) A
PPLICATION .— (1) A
PPLICATION REQUIRED .—Each individual seeking to participate in the fellows program shall submit to the Secretary an application therefor at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall specify. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each application of an indi-vidual under this subsection shall include the following: (A) Transcripts of educational achievement at the undergraduate and graduate level. (B) A resume. (C) Proof of citizenship or lawful permanent residence. (D) An endorsement from the applicant’s graduate institution of higher education. (E) An academic writing sample. (F) Letters of recommendation addressing the applicant’s character, academic ability, and any extracurricular activities. (G) A personal statement by the applicant ex-plaining career areas of interest and motivations for service in the Department. (H) Such other information as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) S
ELECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Secretary shall select participants in the fellows program from among applicants for the fellows program for such year who qualify for participation in the fellows program based on character, commit-ment to public service, academic achievement, extracurricular activities, and such other quali-fications for participation in the fellows pro-gram as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) NUMBER .—The number of individuals se-lected to participate in the fellows program in any year may not exceed the numbers as fol-lows: (A) Ten individuals from each geographic re-gion of the United States as follows: (i) The Northeast. (ii) The Southeast. (iii) The Midwest. (iv) The Southwest. (v) The West. (B) Ten additional individuals. (3) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—An indi- vidual selected to participate in the fellows pro-gram may not participate in the program unless the individual successfully undergoes a back-ground investigation applicable to the position to which the individual will be assigned under the fellows program and otherwise meets such requirements applicable to assignment to a sen-sitive position within the Department that the Secretary considers appropriate. (e) A
SSIGNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each individual who partici-pates in the fellows program shall be assigned to a position in the Office of the Secretary of De-fense. (2) P
OSITION REQUIREMENTS .—Each Under Secretary of Defense and each Director of a De-fense Agency who reports directly to the Sec-retary shall submit to the Secretary each year the qualifications and skills to be demonstrated by participants in the fellows program to qualify for assignment under this subsection for service in a position of the office of such Under Sec-retary or Director. (3) A
SSIGNMENT TO POSITIONS .—The Secretary shall each year assign participants in the fel-lows program to positions in the offices of the Under Secretaries and Directors described in paragraph (2). In making such assignments, the Secretary shall seek to best match the qualifica-tions and skills of participants in the fellows program with the requirements of positions available for assignment. Each participant so assigned shall serve as a special assistant to the Under Secretary or Director to whom assigned. (4) T
ERM.—The term of each assignment under the fellows program shall be one year. (5) P
AY AND BENEFITS .—An individual as-signed to a position under the fellows program shall be compensated at the rate of compensa-tion for employees at level GS–10 of the General Schedule, and shall be treated as an employee of the United States during the term of assignment, including for purposes of eligibility for health care benefits and retirement benefits available to employees of the United States. (6) E
DUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT .—To the ex-tent that funds are provided in advance in ap-propriations Acts, the Secretary may repay any loan of a participant in the fellows program if the loan is described by subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 16301(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code. Any repayment of loans under this paragraph shall be on a first-come, first-served basis. (f) C
AREER DEVELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ensure that participants in the fellows program— (A) receive opportunities and support appro-priate for the commencement of a career track within the Department leading toward a future position of senior leadership within the Depart-ment, including ongoing mentorship support through appropriate personnel from entities within the Department such as the Defense Business Board and the Defense Innovation Board; and (B) are provided appropriate opportunities for employment and advancement within the De-partment upon successful completion of the fel-lows program. (2) R
ESERVATION OF POSITIONS .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall reserve for participants who successfully complete the fellows program not fewer than 30 positions in the excepted service within the Department that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4130 June 19, 2018 
are suitable for the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership within the De-partment. Any position so reserved shall not be subject to or covered by any reduction in head-quarters personnel required under any other provision of law. (3) N
ONCOMPETITIVE APPOINTMENT .—Upon the successful completion of the assignment of a participant in the fellows program in a position pursuant to subsection (e), the Secretary may, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, ap-point the participant to a position reserved pur-suant to paragraph (2) if the Secretary deter-mines that such appointment will contribute to the development of highly qualified future sen-ior leaders for the Department. (4) P
UBLICATION OF SELECTION .—The Sec- retary shall publish on an Internet website of the Department available to the public the names of the individuals selected to participate in the fellows program. (g) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall under-take appropriate outreach to inform potential participants in the fellows program of the na-ture and benefits of participation in the fellows program. (h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out this section in accordance with such regula-tions as the Secretary may prescribe for pur-poses of this section. (i) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year for the De-partment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance, Defense-wide, $10,000,000 may be avail-able to carry out the fellows program in such fiscal year. 
SEC. 1255. REPORTS ON NUCLEAR CAPABILITIES OF THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE’S RE-PUBLIC OF KOREA. 
(a) B ASELINE REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the status of the nuclear program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to estab-lish a baseline of progress for negotiations with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea with respect to denuclearization. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following, to the ex-tent known or suspected: (1) A description of the location, quantity, ca-pability, and operational status of the nuclear weapons of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (2) A description of the location of nuclear re-search, development, production, and testing fa-cilities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, including covert facilities. (3) A description of the location, quantity, ca-pability, and operational status of the ballistic missiles of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (4) A description of the location of the ballistic missile manufacturing and assembly facilities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (5) An assessment of any intelligence gaps with respect to the information required by this subsection and verification or inspection meas-ures that may fill such gaps. (c) U
PDATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an agreement between the United States and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, not later than 60 days after the date on which the agreement is reached, and every 90 days thereafter, the re-port required by subsection (a) shall be aug-mented by a written update. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each written update under paragraph (1) shall include the following for the preceding 90-day period: (A) A description of the number of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles verifiably disman-tled, destroyed, rendered permanently unusable, or transferred out of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (B) An identification of the location of nu-clear research, development, production, and testing facilities in the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea identified and verifiably dis-mantled, destroyed, or rendered permanently unusable. (C) An identification of the location of bal-listic missile manufacturing and assembly facili-ties in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea verifiably dismantled, destroyed, or ren-dered permanently unusable. (D) A description of the number of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles that remain in or under the control of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea. (E) An assessment of the progress made in ex-tending the breakout period required for the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to recon-stitute its nuclear weapons program and build a nuclear weapon, as such progress relates to the information required by subparagraphs (A) through (D). (d) VERIFICATION ASSESSMENT REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the report required by subsection (a) is submitted, and every 180 days thereafter, the written up-date required under paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall include, in addition to the information required by subparagraphs (A) through (E) of that subsection, the following for the preceding 180-day period: (1) An assessment of the establishment of safe-guards, other control mechanisms, and other as-surances secured from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to ensure the activities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea per-mitted under any agreement will not be used to further any nuclear-related military or nuclear explosive purpose, including research on or de-velopment of a nuclear explosive device. (2) An assessment of the capacity of the United States or an international organization, including the International Atomic Energy Agency, to effectively access and investigate suspicious sites in the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea or allegations of covert nuclear- related activities, including storage sites for nu-clear weapons. (e) S
UNSET .—The section shall cease to be ef-fective on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 1256. REPORT ON UNITED STATES MILITARY TRAINING OPPORTUNITIES WITH AL-LIES AND PARTNERS IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Secretary of Defense, as part of stra-tegic initiatives, should continue to place em-phasis on and consider the benefits of United States military training exercises with allies in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) the Indo-Pacific region is— (A) a strategically important region; and (B) critical to the interests of the United States; (3) the relationship between the United States and allies and partners in the Indo-Pacific re-gion is essential for ensuring peace and security in the region; (4) interoperability between the United States and allies in the Indo-Pacific region increases readiness and regional contingency response time; (5) the United States should focus on expand-ing training with other allied nations and part-ners in the Indo-Pacific region; (6) the United States, working within our framework of alliances and partnerships, should seek to build the capacity and capability of our allies and partners in the Indo-Pacific region and to expand interoperability with them; and (7) the United States and its partners in the Indo-Pacific region should continue to work to-gether to build the forces, infrastructure, rela-tionships, and training needed to respond to search and rescue and humanitarian assistance needed in the whole of catastrophic natural dis-asters. (b) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on future United States military training opportunities with allied and partner countries in the Indo- Pacific region. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed description of— (i) current United States military exercises in-volving United States partners and allies in the Indo-Pacific region; (ii) the manner in which such exercises are in-tended to improve the capability and capacity of such partners and allies; and (iii) the interoperability of such partners and allies with the United States Armed Forces. (B) An analysis of the potential to expand the size, scope, or makeup of such exercises to in-clude— (i) additional forces and units of current par-ticipants; (ii) additional capabilities or training; and (iii) other allies and partners in the Indo-Pa-cific region and other regions. (C) An identification of new United States military exercises that may be initiated in the Indo-Pacific region with— (i) security treaty allies such as Japan, South Korea, Australia, the Philippines, and Thai-land; (ii) growing partners such as India, Indo-nesia, Malaysia, Mongolia, New Zealand, Singapore, Sri Lanka, and Vietnam; (iii) existing multilateral frameworks, such as the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN); (iv) allies and partners outside the Indo-Pa-cific region; and (v) potential new allies or partners. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1261. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES RE-LATING TO ACQUISITION AND CROSS-SERVICING AGREEMENTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—Section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsections (d) and (e): ‘‘(d) The Secretary of may not use an agree-ment with any government of an organization described in subsection (a)(1) to facilitate the transfer of logistic support, supplies, and serv-ices to any country or organization with which the Secretary has not signed an agreement de-scribed in subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(e) An agreement described in subsection (a)(2) may not provide or otherwise constitute a commitment for the introduction of the armed forces into hostilities.’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) Not later than January 15 each year, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on acquisition and cross-servicing activities that sets forth, in de-tail, the following: ‘‘(1) A list of agreements in effect pursuant to subsection (a)(1) during the preceding fiscal year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4131 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(2) The date on which each agreement listed under paragraph (1) was signed, and, in the case of an agreement with a country that is not a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation, the date on which the Secretary notified Congress pursuant to subsection (b)(2) of the designation of such country under subsection (a). ‘‘(3) The total dollar amount and major cat-egories of logistic support, supplies, and services provided during the preceding fiscal year under each such agreement. ‘‘(4) The total dollar amount and major cat-egories of reciprocal provisions of logistic sup-port, supplies, and services received under each such agreement. ‘‘(5) With respect to the calendar year during which the report is submitted, an assessment of the following: ‘‘(A) The anticipated logistic support, sup-plies, and services requirements of the United States. ‘‘(B) The anticipated requirements of other countries for United States logistic support, sup-plies, and services.’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘the Com-mittee on Armed Services’’ the first place it ap-pears and all that follows through ‘‘the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘the appro-priate committees of Congress’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 1262. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF AMOUNTS FOR GLOB-AL ENGAGEMENT CENTER. 
Section 1287(e)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2546; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) for fiscal year 2019 are less than $80,000,000, the Secretary of Defense is author-ized to transfer, from amounts authorized to be appropriated by an Act authorizing funds for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019, to the Secretary of State an amount, not to ex-ceed $60,000,000, to be available to carry out the functions of the Center for fiscal year 2019.’’. 
SEC. 1263. SENSE OF SENATE ON PURCHASE BY TURKEY OF S–400 AIR DEFENSE SYS-TEM. 
It is the sense of the Senate that if the Repub-lic of Turkey purchases the S–400 air defense system from the Russian Federation— (1) such purchase would constitute a signifi-cant transaction within the meaning of section 231(a) of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (title II of Pub-lic Law 115–44; 22 U.S.C. 9525(a)); and (2) the President should faithfully execute that Act by imposing and applying sanctions under section 235 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 9529) with respect to any individual or entity deter-mined to have engaged in such significant transaction as if such person were a sanctioned person for purposes of such section 235. 
SEC. 1264. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT FOR STABILIZATION ACTIVITIES IN NATIONAL SECURITY INTEREST OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, provide sup-port for the stabilization activities of other Fed-eral agencies specified under subsection (c). (b) DESIGNATION OF FOREIGN AREAS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be provided pursuant to this section shall be avail-able only for support for stabilization activi-ties— (A) in a country specified in paragraph (2); and (B) that the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, has deter-mined are in the national security interest of the United States. (2) S
PECIFIED COUNTRIES .—The countries spec-ified in this paragraph are as follows: (A) Iraq. (B) Syria. (C) Afghanistan. (D) Somalia. (c) S
UPPORT TO OTHER AGENCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Support may be provided for stabilization activities under subsection (a) to the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, or other Federal agencies, on a reimbursable or nonreim-bursable basis. (2) T
YPE OF SUPPORT .—Support under sub-section (a) may consist of— (A) logistic support, supplies, and services; and (B) equipment. (d) R
EQUIREMENT FOR A STABILIZATION  S
TRATEGY .— (1) L
IMITATION .—With respect to any country specified in subsection (b)(2), no amount of sup-port may be provided under subsection (a) until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a detailed report setting forth a sta-bilization strategy for such country. (2) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—The sta- bilization strategy required by paragraph (1) shall set forth the following: (A) The United States interests in conducting stabilization activities in the country specified in subsection (b)(2). (B) The key foreign partners and actors in such country. (C) The desired end states and objectives of the United States stabilization activities in such country. (D) The Department of Defense support in-tended to be provided for the stabilization ac-tivities of other Federal agencies under section (a). (E) Any mechanism for civil-military coordi-nation regarding support for stabilization ac-tivities. (F) The mechanisms for monitoring and evalu-ating the effectiveness of Department of Defense support for United States stabilization activities in the area. (e) R
EQUIREMENT FOR GUIDANCE .—No amount of support may be provided under subsection (a) until 30 days after the date on which the Sec-retary of Defense submits to the appropriate committees of Congress written guidance for the design, implementation, monitoring, and evalua-tion of support provided under that subsection. (f) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress on an annual basis a report that includes the following: (1) The identification of each foreign area within countries specified in subparagraph (b)(2) for which support to stabilization has oc-curred. (2) The total amount spent by the Department of Defense, broken out by recipient Federal agency and activity. (3) An assessment of the contribution of each activity toward greater stability. (4) An articulation of any plans for continued Department of Defense support to stabilization in the specified foreign area in order to main-tain or improve stability. (5) Other matters as the Secretary considers to be appropriate. (g) USE OF FUNDS.— (1) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—Amounts for activities carried out under this section in a fiscal year shall be derived only from amounts authorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for the Department of Defense for Operation and Main-tenance, Defense-wide. (2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than $25,000,000 in each fiscal year is authorized to be used to pro-vide support under this section. (h) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided under this section may not be exercised after September 30, 2020. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) L
OGISTIC SUPPORT , SUPPLIES , AND SERV -
ICES.—The term ‘‘logistic support, supplies, and services’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2350(1) of title 10 United States Code. 
SEC. 1265. ENHANCEMENT OF U.S.-ISRAEL DE-FENSE COOPERATION. 
(a) E XTENSION OF WARRESERVES STOCKPILE  A
UTHORITY .—Section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amended by striking ‘‘after September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2023’’. (b) J
OINT ASSESSMENT OF QUANTITY OF PRECI-
SIONGUIDED MUNITIONS FOR USE BY ISRAEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of Defense, is authorized to conduct a joint assessment with the Government of Israel with respect to the matters described in para-graph (2). (2) M
ATTERS DESCRIBED .—The matters de-scribed in this paragraph are the following: (A) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel to com-bat Hezbollah in the event of a sustained armed confrontation between Israel and Hezbollah. (B) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel in the event of a sustained armed confrontation with other armed groups and terrorist organizations such as Hamas. (C) The resources the Government of Israel plans to dedicate to acquire such precision guid-ed munitions. (D) United States planning to assist Israel to prepare for sustained armed confrontations de-scribed in this subsection as well as the ability of the United States to resupply Israel in the event of confrontations described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B), if any. (3) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which the joint assessment author-ized under paragraph (1) is completed, the President shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that contains the joint assessment. (B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in classified form, but may contain an unclassified summary. (C) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF RAPID ACQUISITION AND  D
EPLOYMENT PROCEDURES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4132 June 19, 2018 
(1) R EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH PROCE -
DURES .—Section 806(a) of the Bob Stump Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 107– 314) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘; and’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) urgently needed to support production of precision guided munitions— ‘‘(A) for the United States to meet require-ments; or ‘‘(B) to assist an ally of the United States under direct missile threat from— ‘‘(i) an organization the Secretary of State has designated as a foreign terrorist organiza-tion pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)) (as in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act), section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism.’’. (2) P
RESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe procedures for the rapid acquisition and deploy-ment of supplies and associated support services for purposes described in paragraph (3) of sec-tion 806(a) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003, as added by paragraph (1)(C). 
SEC. 1266. CERTIFICATIONS REGARDING ACTIONS BY SAUDI ARABIA IN YEMEN. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if the Secretary of State is unable under sub-section (c) or (d) to certify that the Government of Saudi Arabia is undertaking the effort, meas-ures, and actions described in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c), no Federal funds may be obligated or expended after the deadline for the applicable certification to pro-vide authorized in-flight refueling pursuant to section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, or other applicable statutory authority, of Saudi or Saudi-led coalition non-United States aircraft conducting missions in Yemen, other than mis-sions related to— (A) al Qaeda, al Qaeda in the Arabian Penin-sula (AQAP), or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS); (B) countering the transport, assembly, or em-ployment of ballistic missiles or components in Yemen; (C) helping coalition aircraft return safely to base in emergency situations; (D) force protection of United States aircraft, ships, or personnel; or (E) freedom of navigation for United States military and international commerce. (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the re-striction in paragraph (1) with respect to a par-ticular certification if the Secretary— (A) certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that the waiver is in the national secu-rity interests of the United States; and (B) submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report, in written and unclassified form, setting forth— (i) the effort in subsection (c)(1), measures in subsection (c)(2), or actions in subsections (c)(3) or (c)(4), or combination thereof, about which the Secretary is unable to make the certifi-cation; (ii) a detailed explanation why the Secretary is unable to make the certification about such effort, measures, or actions; (iii) a description of the actions the Secretary is taking to encourage the Government of Saudi Arabia to undertake such effort, measures, or actions; and (iv) a detailed justification for the waiver. (b) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President or the President’s designee shall provide a briefing to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress including, at a minimum— (1) a description of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates’ military and political ob-jectives in Yemen and whether United States as-sistance to the Saudi-led coalition has resulted in significant progress towards meeting those objectives; (2) a description of efforts by the Government of Saudi Arabia to avoid disproportionate harm to civilians and civilian objects in Yemen, and an assessment of whether United States assist-ance to the Saudi-led coalition has led to a de-monstrable decrease in civilians killed or injured by Saudi-led airstrikes and damage to civilian infrastructure; (3) an assessment of the United Nations Verification and Inspection Mechanism (UNVIM) in Yemen and an assessment of the need for existing secondary inspection and clearance processes and transshipment require-ments on humanitarian and commercial vessels that have been cleared by UNVIM; (4) a description of the sources of external support for the Houthi forces, including finan-cial assistance, weapons transfers, operational planning, training, and advisory assistance; (5) an assessment of the applicability of United States and international sanctions to Houthi forces that have committed grave human rights abuses, obstructed international aid, and launched ballistic missiles into Saudi territory, and an assessment of the applicability of United States and international sanctions to individ-uals or entities providing the Houthi forces with material support; and (6) an assessment of the effect of the Saudi-led coalition’s military operations in Yemen on the efforts of the United States to defeat al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. (c) I
NITIAL CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a certification in-dicating whether the Government of Saudi Ara-bia is undertaking— (1) an urgent and good faith effort to support diplomatic efforts to end the civil war in Yemen; (2) appropriate measures to alleviate the hu-manitarian crisis in Yemen by increasing access for Yemenis to food, fuel, medicine, and medical evacuation, including through the appropriate use of Yemen’s Red Sea ports, including the port of Hudaydah, the airport in Sana’a, and exter-nal border crossings with Saudi Arabia; (3) appropriate actions to reduce any unneces-sary delays to shipments associated with sec-ondary inspection and clearance processes other than the United Nations Verification and In-spections Mechanism (UNVIM); and (4) demonstrable actions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and civilian infrastructure re-sulting from its military operations in Yemen, including by— (A) complying with applicable agreements and laws regulating defense articles purchased or transferred from the United States; and (B) taking appropriate steps to avoid dis-proportionate harm to civilians and civilian in-frastructure. (d) S
UBSEQUENT CERTIFICATIONS .—Not later than 180 and 360 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a certification indicating whether the Gov-ernment of Saudi Arabia is undertaking the ef-fort, measures, and actions described in para-graphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c). (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as authorizing the use of military force. (f) FORM OF CERTIFICATIONS .—The certifi-cations required under subsections (c) and (d) shall be written, detailed, and submitted in un-classified form. (g) S
TRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress an unclassified report listing United States objectives in Yemen and detailing a strategy to accomplish those objectives. The report shall be unclassified but may include a classified annex. (h) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 1267. SENSE OF SENATE ON SUPPORT FOR G5 SAHEL JOINT FORCE COUNTRIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the United States should— (1) work with partners and allies to disrupt violent extremist organizations in the Sahel re-gion that threaten United States security inter-ests; (2) enhance cooperation with G5 Sahel Joint Force countries, which are— (A) Burkina Faso; (B) Mali; (C) Mauritania; (D) Niger; and (E) Chad; (3) continue to support the efforts of each G5 Sahel Joint Force country— (A) to improve security along the respective borders of each country through the cooperation and deployment of joint patrols to interdict the cross-border flows of illicit trafficking and vio-lent extremist groups; (B) to address underlying sources of insta-bility in each country through a whole-of-gov-ernment approach; and (C) to build and sustain in each country— (i) an effective, accountable government; (ii) a capable and professional military; and (iii) a healthy economy; and (4) ensure that any assistance of the United States to a G5 Sahel Joint Force country is un-dertaken as a whole-of-government effort that balances all instruments of United States na-tional power. 
SEC. 1268. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON BROADENING AND EXPANDING STRATEGIC PART-NERSHIPS AND ALLIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States is an ally-rich country and our potential competitors, such as Russia, China, and North Korea, are ally-poor coun-tries; (2) United States allies and partners are crit-ical to defending peace and prosperity through-out the world; (3) the rules-based international order sup-ported by the United States and its allies has ensured, and will continue to promote, an inter-national system that benefits all nations; (4) throughout the world, the United States will continue to foster relationships with coun-tries with like minds and beliefs; (5) as the United States manages multiple strategic challenges, the enduring strength of the United States remains in alliances such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the Rio Treaty, and mutual defense treaties with Japan, the Republic of Korea, Australia, the Phil-ippines, and Thailand; (6) the resolve of the United States remains as strong as ever to forge new alliances and part-nerships with countries in order to jointly to work with one another on shared challenges in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4133 June 19, 2018 
Europe, the Indo-Pacific and throughout the world; (7) the United States will continue to invest in critical capabilities, build a force posture that decreases the vulnerabilities of the United States and increases resiliency, all of which will help reassure the allies and partners of the United States; (8) the United States will encourage allies and partners to be full and cooperative partners in their own defense and the defense of the free and open international order; and (9) the United States will continue to deepen and expand alliances, especially in the Indo-Pa-cific, and will take no ally for granted. 
SEC. 1269. REMOVAL OF TURKEY FROM THE F–35 PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Government of the Republic of Turkey continues to unlawfully and wrongfully detain Andrew Brunson, a United States citizen, and continues to deny Mr. Brunson due process rights consistent with international norms. (2) The Government of the Republic of Turkey has wrongly charged Andrew Brunson with be-longing to a terrorist organization and engaging in terrorist activities. (3) The Government of the Republic of Tur-key, including the senior leadership of the gov-ernment, bears direct responsibility for the health and safety of Andrew Brunson while he remains in the custody of the Government of the Republic of Turkey. (4) Congress will not tolerate any foreign gov-ernment’s efforts to use United States citizens for political leverage. (5) President Erdogan, along with other senior officials of the Government of the Republic of Turkey, have publicly and repeatedly stated the intention of the Government of the Republic of Turkey to purchase the S–400 system from Rus-sia, an act that is sanctionable under current United States law. (6) Any effort by the Government of the Re-public of Turkey to further enhance their rela-tionship with Russia will degrade the general security of the NATO alliance, and NATO mem-ber countries, and degrade interoperability of the alliance. (b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a plan to remove the Government of the Re-public of Turkey from participation in the F–35 program, to include industrial and military as-pects of the program. The plan shall include: (1) steps required to unwind industrial partici-pation of Turkish industry in the manufac-turing and assembly of the F–35 program; (2) costs associated with replacing tooling and other manufacturing materials held by Turkish industry; (3) timelines associated with the removal of the Government of the Republic of Turkey and Turkish industry from participation in the F–35 program, so as to cause the least impact on the remaining international program partners; and (4) steps required to prohibit the transfer of any F–35 aircraft currently owned and oper-ated, by the Government of the Republic of Tur-key, from the territory of the United States. (c) L
IMITATION ON THE TRANSFER OF THE F–35 
TOTURKEY .—The Department of Defense may not transfer the title for any F–35 aircraft to the Government of the Republic of Turkey, until such time as the report identified in subsection (b) has been submitted. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. SEC. 1270. INCREASE IN MINIMUM AMOUNT OF OBLIGATIONS FROM THE SPECIAL DEFENSE ACQUISITION FUND FOR PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Section 114(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2018, and shall apply with respect to fiscal years beginning on and after that date. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION 
SEC. 1301. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2019 C OOPERATIVE THREAT  R
EDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—In this title, the term ‘‘fiscal year 2019 Cooperative Threat Re-duction funds’’ means the funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the fund-ing table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fis-cal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. 
SEC. 1302. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
Of the $335,240,000 authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Re-duction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes spec-ified: (1) For strategic offensive arms elimination, $2,823,000. (2) For chemical weapons destruction, $5,446,000. (3) For global nuclear security, $29,001,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, $197,585,000. (5) For proliferation prevention, $74,937,000. (6) For activities designated as Other Assess-ments/Administrative Costs, $25,448,000. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4501. (b) U
SE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— (1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and (2) the destruction of chemical warfare mate-riel of the United States that is not covered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1403. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4501. SEC. 1404. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
SEC. 1411. CONSOLIDATION OF REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER THE STRA-TEGIC AND CRITICAL MATERIALS STOCK PILING ACT. 
Section 11 of the Strategic and Critical Mate-rials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98h–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘January 15 of’’ and inserting ‘‘February 15’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later’’ and all that follows through ‘‘report con-taining’’ and inserting ‘‘Each report under sub-section (a) shall also include’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Each such report’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘Each report under sub-section (a) with respect to matters covered by this subsection’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Each such report’’ in the sec-ond sentence and inserting ‘‘Each report under subsection (a) with respect to such matters’’. Subtitle C—Armed Forces Retirement Home 
SEC. 1421. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 from the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
SEC. 1422. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR RESI-DENCE AT THE ARMED FORCES RE-TIREMENT HOME. 
Section 1512 of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 412) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1512. RESIDENTS OF RETIREMENT HOME. 
‘‘(a) P ERSONS ELIGIBLE TO BERESIDENTS .— Except as provided in subsection (b), the fol-lowing persons who served as members of the Armed Forces, at least one-half of whose service was not active commissioned service (other than as a warrant officer or limited-duty officer), are eligible to become residents of the Retirement Home: ‘‘(1) Persons who are 60 years of age or over and were discharged or released from service in the Armed Forces after 20 or more years of ac-tive service. ‘‘(2) Persons who are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Officer to be suffering from a service-connected disability in-curred in the line of duty in the Armed Forces. ‘‘(3) Persons who served in a war theater dur-ing a time of war declared by Congress or were eligible for hostile fire special pay under section 310 or 351 of title 37, United States Code, and who are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Officer to be suffering from injuries, disease, or disability. ‘‘(4) Persons who served in a women’s compo-nent of the Armed Forces before June 12, 1948, and are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Officer to be eligible for ad-mission because of compelling personal cir-cumstances. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4134 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(b) P ERSONS INELIGIBLE TO BERESIDENTS .— The following persons are ineligible to become a resident of the Retirement Home: ‘‘(1) A person who— ‘‘(A) has been convicted of a felony; or ‘‘(B) was discharged or released from service in the Armed Forces under other than honorable conditions. ‘‘(2) A person with substance abuse or mental health problems, except upon a judgment and satisfactory determination by the Chief Oper-ating Officer that— ‘‘(A) the person has been evaluated by a qualified health professional selected by the Re-tirement Home; ‘‘(B) the Retirement Home can accommodate the person’s condition; and ‘‘(C) the person agrees to such conditions of residency as the Retirement Home may require. ‘‘(c) A
CCEPTANCE .—To apply for acceptance as a resident of a facility of the Retirement Home, a person eligible to be a resident shall submit to the Administrator of that facility an application in such form and containing such information as the Chief Operating Officer may require. ‘‘(d) P
RIORITIES FOR ACCEPTANCE .—The Chief Operating Officer shall establish a system of pri-orities for the acceptance of residents so that the most deserving applicants will be accepted whenever the number of eligible applicants is greater than the Retirement Home can accom-modate. ‘‘(e) S
POUSES OF RESIDENTS .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO ADMIT .—Except as other-wise established pursuant to subsection (d), the spouse of a person accepted as a resident of a facility of the Retirement Home may be admitted to that facility if the spouse— ‘‘(A) is a covered beneficiary within the mean-ing of section 1072(5) of title 10, United States Code; ‘‘(B) is not ineligible to become a resident as provided in subsection (b); and ‘‘(C) submits an application for admittance in accordance with subsection (c). ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS RESIDENT .—A spouse ad-mitted in accordance with paragraph (1) shall be a resident of the Retirement Home consistent with this Act, except as the Chief Operating Of-ficer may otherwise provide.’’. 
SEC. 1423. OVERSIGHT OF HEALTH CARE PRO-VIDED TO RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
Section 1513A(c) of the Armed Forces Retire-ment Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 413a(c)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) Facilitate and monitor the timely avail-ability to residents of the Retirement Home such medical, mental health, and dental care services as such residents may require at locations other than the Retirement Home.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Ensure’’ and inserting ‘‘Monitor’’. 
SEC. 1424. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY ON AC-CEPTANCE OF GIFTS FOR THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
Paragraph (1) of section 1515(f) of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 415(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) The Chief Operating Officer may accept, receive, solicit, hold, administer, and use any gift, devise, or bequest, either absolutely or in trust, of real or personal property, or any in-come therefrom or other interest therein, for the benefit of the Retirement Home.’’. 
SEC. 1425. RELIEF FOR RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME IMPACTED BY INCREASE IN FEES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON REMOVAL FOR INABILITY  T
OPAYFEEINCREASE .—A resident of the Armed Forces Retirement Home as of September 30, 2018, may not be removed or released from the Retirement Home after that date based solely upon the inability of the resident to pay the amount of any increase in fees applicable to residents of the Retirement Home that takes ef-fect on October 1, 2018. (b) OTHER RELIEF .—The Chief Operating Offi-cer of the Armed Forces Retirement Home shall take all actions practicable to accommodate resi-dents of the Retirement Home who are impacted by the fee structure applicable to residents of the Retirement Home that takes effect on Octo-ber 1, 2018, including through hardship relief, additional deductions from gross income, and other appropriate actions. 
SEC. 1426. LIMITATION ON APPLICABILITY OF FEE INCREASE FOR RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
In the case of an individual who was a resi-dent of the Armed Forces Retirement Home as of April 9, 2018, the increase in fees pursuant to the increase in fees for residents of the Home scheduled to take effect on October 1, 2018, may not exceed an amount equal to 50 percent of the fees payable by such individual as such a resi-dent as of April 9, 2018. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 1431. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by sec-tion 1405 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and maintenance, $113,000,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of sub-section (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so transferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the pur-pose of such a transfer. (b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—For the purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Am-bulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facil-ity under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
SEC. 1432. ECONOMICAL AND EFFICIENT OPER-ATION OF WORKING CAPITAL FUND ACTIVITIES. 
Section 2208(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The accomplishment of the most economi-cal and efficient organization and operation of working capital fund activities for the purposes of paragraph (1) shall include actions toward the following: ‘‘(A) The implementation of a workload plan that optimizes the efficiency of the workforce operating within a working capital fund activ-ity and reduces the rate structure. ‘‘(B) Encouraging a working capital fund ac-tivity to perform reimbursable work for other en-tities to sustain the efficient use of the work-force. ‘‘(C) Determining the appropriate leadership level for approving work from outside entities to maximize efficiency.’’. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorizations of Appropriations 
SEC. 1501. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to authorize ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 to provide additional funds for overseas contingency operations being carried out by the Armed Forces. SEC. 1502. OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for overseas contingency operations in such amounts as may be designated as pro-vided in section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(ii)). 
SEC. 1503. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement ac-counts for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activi-ties, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
SEC. 1504. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
SEC. 1505. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4302. 
SEC. 1506. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
SEC. 1507. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1508. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1510. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1521. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1522. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2019 between any such au-thorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivi-sions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4135 June 19, 2018 
transferred shall be merged with and be avail-able for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of author-izations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $3,500,000,000. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. (c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer au-thority provided by this section is in addition to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 1531. JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT ORGANIZATION. 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (b) and (c) of section 1514 of the John Warner National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2439), as in effect before the amendments made by section 1503 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4649), shall apply to amounts made available for fiscal year 2019 for the De-partment of Defense for the Joint Improvised- Threat Defeat Organization. (2) R
EFERENCES TO JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLO -
SIVE DEVICE DEFEAT FUND .—In the application of paragraph (1) to the use of funds described in that paragraph in fiscal year 2019, any ref-erence in the subsections referred to in that paragraph to the Joint Improvised Explosive De-vice Defeat Fund shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization. (b) I
NTERDICTION OF IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE  D
EVICE PRECURSOR CHEMICALS .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense by this Act for the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organi-zation, $15,000,000 may be made available to the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide training, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign governments that the Secretary of Defense has identified as crit-ical for countering the flow of improvised explo-sive device precursor chemicals. (2) P
ROVISION THROUGH OTHER UNITED STATES  
AGENCIES .—If jointly agreed upon by the Sec-retary of Defense and the head of another de-partment or agency of the United States Govern-ment, the Secretary of Defense may transfer amounts made available under paragraph (1) to such department or agency for the provision by such department or agency of training, equip-ment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign governments as de-scribed in that paragraph. (3) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—None of the funds made available under paragraph (1) may be ob-ligated or expended to supply training, equip-ment, supplies, or services to a foreign country before the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, has submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notice that includes each of the following: (A) The name of the foreign country for which training, equipment, supplies, or services are proposed to be supplied. (B) A description of the training, equipment, supplies, and services to be provided to such for-eign country using such funds. (C) A detailed description of the amounts pro-posed to be obligated or expended to supply such training, equipment, supplies, or services, in-cluding— (i) any amounts proposed to be obligated or expended to support the participation of a de-partment or agency of the United States Govern-ment other than the Department of Defense; and (ii) a description of the training, equipment, supplies, or services proposed to be supplied. (D) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the efforts of such foreign country to counter the flow of improvised explosive device precursor chemicals. (E) An overall plan for countering the flow of precursor chemicals in such foreign country. (4) EXPIRATION .—The authority provided by this subsection expires on December 31, 2019. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. MODIFICATIONS TO SPACE RAPID CA-PABILITIES OFFICE. 
Section 2273a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘joint’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Department of Defense Executive Agent for Space’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the Air Force’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) to rapidly develop and field new classi-fied space capabilities.’’; and (4) by striking subsections (d) through (g) and inserting the following new subsections (d) through (f): ‘‘(d) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The acquisi-tion activities of the Office shall be subject to the following: ‘‘(1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall des-ignate the acquisition executive of the Office, who shall provide streamlined acquisition au-thority for any project of the Office. ‘‘(2) The Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System process shall not apply to any acquisition by the Office. ‘‘(3) The Joint Force Space Component of the United States Strategic Command shall estab-lish, validate, and prioritize program require-ments. ‘‘(e) R
EQUIRED PROGRAM ELEMENT .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall en-sure, within budget program elements for space programs, that— ‘‘(A) there are separate, dedicated program elements for unclassified and classified activities relating to space rapid capabilities; and ‘‘(B) the Office executes the responsibilities of the Office through those program elements. ‘‘(2) The Office shall manage the program ele-ments required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall establish for the Office a Board of Directors (to be known as the ‘Space Rapid Capabilities Board of Directors’) to pro-vide coordination, oversight, and approval of projects for the Office.’’. 
SEC. 1602. SPACE WARFIGHTING POLICY AND RE-VIEW OF SPACE CAPABILITIES. 
(a) S PACE WARFIGHTING POLICY .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a space warfighting policy. (b) R
EVIEW OF SPACE CAPABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a review relating to the national security space enterprise that evaluates the following: (A) The resiliency of the national security space enterprise with respect to a conflict. (B) The ability of the national security space enterprise to attribute an attack on a space sys-tem in a timely manner. (C) The ability of the United States— (i) to resolve a conflict in space; and (ii) to determine the material means by which such conflict may be resolved. (D) The ability of the national security space enterprise— (i) to defend against aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; (ii) to defeat any adversary that demonstrates aggressive behavior in space at all levels of con-flict; (iii) to deter aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; and (iv) to develop a declassification strategy, if required to demonstrate deterrence. (E) The effectiveness and efficiency of the na-tional security space enterprise to rapidly re-search, develop, acquire, and deploy space ca-pabilities and capacities— (i) to deter and defend United States national security space assets; and (ii) to respond to any new threat to such space assets. (F) The current organizational structure of the national security space enterprise with re-spect to roles, responsibilities, and authorities. (G) Any emerging space threat the Secretary expects the United States to confront during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act. (H) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (2) REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the find-ings of the review under paragraph (1). (B) F
ORM.—The report under subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1603. REPORT ON ENHANCEMENTS TO THE GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report that identi-fies whether the current Global Positioning Sys-tem Operational Control Segment (OCS) can be incrementally improved to achieve capabilities similar to the Next Generation Operational Con-trol Segment (OCX) used to operate the Global Positioning System III. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A cybersecurity review of both OCS and OCX to determine the specific cybersecurity im-provements needed to operate the system through 2030, including— (A) the cybersecurity improvements to OCS needed to match the cybersecurity capabilities that OCX is intended to provide; (B) any additional OCS cybersecurity protec-tions needed beyond those OCX is intended to provide; and (C) any additional OCX cybersecurity protec-tions needed beyond those for which OCX is currently contracted. (2) An incremental development plan for OCS, including— (A) the number of additional incremental up-grades needed to achieve capabilities similar to OCX, including a discussion of— (i) any additional capabilities needed; (ii) the specific capabilities in each upgrade; (iii) the duration of each upgrade; and (iv) a full schedule to complete all upgrades; (B) the estimated cost for each incremental OCS upgrade; and (C) the total estimated cost across fiscal years for all OCS upgrades to achieve capabilities similar to OCX and any additional capabilities. (3) The date by which the Department of De-fense would have to begin contracting for each incremental OCS upgrade to ensure availability of OCS for the Global Positioning System III. (4) A comparison of current improvements to OCS that are underway, and additional OCS in-cremental improvements described under para-graph 2, to the program of record OCX capabili-ties, including— (A) the acquisition and sustainment cost by fiscal year through fiscal year 2030 for OCS and OCX; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4136 June 19, 2018 
(B) a comparison schedule between OCS (in-cluding incremental improvements described under paragraph 2) and OCX that identifies the delivery dates and capability delivered; and (C) the cost and schedule required to provide OCX with any additional needed capabilities that are now required and not currently in the program of record. 
SEC. 1604. STREAMLINE OF COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH OPERATIONS. 
Section 1617 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1106; 51 U.S.C. 50918 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) S
TREAMLINING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any li-censed activity under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may not impose any requirement on a licensee or transferee that is duplicative of, or overlaps in intent with, any requirement imposed by the Secretary of Transportation under that chapter. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation under subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines that imposing a re-quirement described in that subparagraph is necessary to avoid negative consequences for the national security space program.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF LAW.—Nothing in this section limits the ability of the Secretary of Defense to consult with the Secretary of Transportation with respect to requirements and approvals under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 1605. REUSABLE LAUNCH VEHICLES. 
(a) R EUSABILITY .—The Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle Program shall be designated as the ‘‘National Security Space Launch Pro-gram’’. (b) R
EFERENCE TO EVOLVED EXPENDABLE  L
AUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM .—Any reference in any law, regulation, guidance, instruction, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehi-cle Program shall be deemed to be a reference to the National Security Space Launch Program. (c) P
OLICY .—In carrying out the policy set forth in section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall pursue a strategy that includes fully or partially reusable launch systems. (d) C
ERTIFICATION STRATEGY .—The Secretary shall continue to develop a process to evaluate and certify launch vehicles using previously flown components or systems for national secu-rity space launch. (e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not less than 60 days before the date on which a solicitation for procurement of space launch services is issued, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that sets forth— (1) a determination with respect to whether launch vehicles using previously flown compo-nents, or systems or with components or systems that are intended to be reused, that could other-wise meet mission requirements are eligible for award; and (2) in the case of a determination that such launch vehicles shall not be eligible for award, a justification with respect to the reason for in-eligibility. 
SEC. 1606. REVIEW OF AND REPORT ON ACTIVI-TIES OF INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) in coordination with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, complete a review of each program, ac-tivity, and future technology research project of the Department of Defense being carried out on the International Space Station as of that date; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that describes the results of the review under paragraph (1). (b) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-related Activities 
SEC. 1611. FRAMEWORK ON GOVERNANCE, MIS-SION MANAGEMENT, RESOURCING, AND EFFECTIVE OVERSIGHT OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE COMBAT SUPPORT AGENCIES THAT ARE ALSO ELEMENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) F RAMEWORK REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with section 105 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3038), section 193 of title 10, United States Code, and section 1018 of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Pub-lic Law 108–458; 50 U.S.C. 3023 note), the Sec-retary of Defense shall develop and codify in policy a framework and supporting processes within the Department of Defense to help ensure that the missions, roles, and functions of the Combat Support Agencies (CSA) of the Depart-ment of Defense that are also elements of the in-telligence community (IC), and other intel-ligence components of the Department, are ap-propriately balanced and resourced. (2) S
COPE.—The framework shall include a consistent, repeatable process for regular re-evaluation of the responsibilities and resource profiles of the elements described in paragraph (1) for purposes of preventing imbalances in pri-orities, insufficient or misaligned resources, and mission creep. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The framework required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A lexicon of relevant terms used by the De-partment of Defense to ensure consistent defini-tions are used in determinations about the bal-ance described in subsection (a)(1), which lexi-con shall reconcile and codify jointly-used defi-nitions. (2) A reevaluation of the intelligence compo-nents of the Department, including the Joint In-telligence Centers and Joint Intelligence Oper-ations Centers within the combatant commands, in order to determine which components should be formally designated as part of the intel-ligence community and any components not so designated conform to relevant tradecraft stand-ards. (3) A repeatable Department process for evalu-ating the addition, transfer, or elimination of defense intelligence missions, roles, and func-tions, currently or to be performed by elements described in subsection (a)(1), which process shall include the following: (A) A justification for any proposed addition, transfer, or elimination of a mission, role, or function. (B) The identification of the elements in the Federal Government, if any, that currently per-form the mission, role, or function concerned. (C) For any proposed addition of a mission, role, or function, an assessment of the most ap-propriate element of the Department to assume it, taking into account current resource profiles, scope of existing responsibilities, primary cus-tomers, and infrastructure necessary to support the addition. (D) For any proposed addition of transfer of a mission, role, or function— (i) a determination of the appropriate resource profile for such mission, role, or function; and (ii) the identification, in writing, for the De-partment elements concerned of the resources anticipated to be needed and source of such re-sources within the future-years defense program in effect at the time of the proposed addition or transfer. (c) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall provide to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a briefing on the framework re-quired by subsection (a). (d) P
OLICY .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth the policy that codifies the framework required by subsection (a). (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-related Matters PART I—CYBERSPACE GENERALLY 
SEC. 1621. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES ON CYBERSPACE, CYBERSECURITY, CYBER WARFARE, AND CYBER DE-TERRENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall be the policy of the United States, with respect to matters pertaining to cyberspace, cybersecurity, and cyber warfare, that the United States should employ all instru-ments of national power, including the use of offensive cyber capabilities, to deter if possible, and respond when necessary, to any and all cyber attacks or other malicious cyber activities that target United States interests with the in-tent to— (1) cause casualties among United States per-sons or persons of our allies; (2) significantly disrupt the normal func-tioning of United States democratic society or government (including attacks against critical infrastructure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or govern-ment); (3) threaten the command and control of the United States Armed Forces, the freedom of ma-neuver of the United States Armed Forces, or the industrial base or other infrastructure on which the United States Armed Forces rely to defend United States interests and commitments; or (4) achieve an effect, whether individually or in aggregate, comparable to an armed attack or imperil a vital interest of the United States. (b) R
ESPONSE OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a), the United States shall plan, develop, and demonstrate re-sponse options to address the full range of po-tential cyber attacks on United States interests that could be conducted by potential adversaries of the United States. (c) D
ENIAL OPTIONS .—In carrying out the pol-icy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall, to the greatest extent practicable, prioritize the defensibility and resil-iency against cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities described in subsection (a) of infra-structure critical to the political integrity, eco-nomic security, and national security of the United States. (d) C
OST-IMPOSITION OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall develop and demonstrate, or otherwise make known to adversaries of the existence of, cyber capabilities to impose costs on any foreign power targeting the United States or United States persons with a cyber attack or malicious cyber activity de-scribed in subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4137 June 19, 2018 
(e) M ULTI-PRONG RESPONSE .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through re-sponse options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall— (1) devote immediate and sustained attention to boosting the cyber resilience of critical United States strike systems (including cyber, nuclear, and non-nuclear systems) in order to ensure the United States can credibly threaten to impose unacceptable costs in response to even the most sophisticated large-scale cyber attack; (2) develop offensive cyber capabilities and specific plans and strategies to put at risk tar-gets most valued by adversaries of the United States and their key decision makers; (3) enhance attribution capabilities to reduce the time required to positively attribute an at-tack with high confidence; and (4) develop intelligence and offensive cyber ca-pabilities to detect, disrupt, and potentially ex-pose malicious cyber activities. (f) P
OLICIES RELATING TO OFFENSIVE CYBER C
APABILITIES AND SOVEREIGNTY .—It is the pol-icy of the United States that, when a cyber at-tack or malicious cyber activity transits or oth-erwise relies upon the networks or infrastruc-ture of a third country— (1) the United States shall, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, notify and encourage the gov-ernment of that country to take action to elimi-nate the threat; and (2) if the government is unable or unwilling to take action, the United States reserves the right to act unilaterally (with the consent of that gov-ernment if possible, but without such consent if necessary). (g) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense has the authority to develop, prepare, coordinate, and, when appropriately authorized to do so, conduct military cyber operations in response to cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities de-scribed in subsection (a) that are carried out against the United States or United States per-sons by a foreign power. (2) D
ELEGATION OF ADDITIONAL AUTHORI -
TIES.—The Secretary may delegate to the Com-mander of the United States Cyber Command such authorities of the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments, including authorities relating to manning, training, and equipping, that the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) U
SE OF DELEGATED AUTHORITIES .—The use by the Commander of the United States Cyber Command of any authority delegated to the Commander pursuant to this subsection shall be subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the President or Congress to authorize the use of military force. (h) F
OREIGN POWER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘foreign power’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
SEC. 1622. AFFIRMING THE AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE TO CON-DUCT MILITARY ACTIVITIES AND OP-ERATIONS IN CYBERSPACE. 
Section 130g of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) A
FFIRMATION OF AUTHORITY .—(1) Con- gress affirms that the Secretary of Defense may conduct military activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandestine military ac-tivities or operations in cyberspace, to defend the United States and allies and interests of the United States, including in response to mali-cious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign power. ‘‘(2) Congress affirms that the authority re-ferred to in paragraph (1) includes the conduct of military activities or operations in cyberspace short of war and in areas outside of named areas of conflict for the purpose of preparation of the environment, influence, force protection, and deterrence of hostilities, or counterterrorism operations involving the armed forces of the United States. ‘‘(c) CLANDESTINE ACTIVITIES OR OPER-
ATIONS .—A clandestine military activity or oper-ation in cyberspace shall be considered a tradi-tional military activity for the purposes of sec-tion 503(e)(2) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093(e)(2)). ‘‘(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—The Sec- retary shall brief the congressional defense com-mittees about any military activities or oper-ations in cyberspace, including clandestine mili-tary activities or operations in cyberspace, oc-curring during the previous quarter during the quarterly briefing required by section 484 of this title. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to conduct military activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandestine activities or operations in cyberspace, or to alter or otherwise affect the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541–1548), the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note), or reporting of sensitive military cyber activities or operations required by section 130j of this title. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘clandestine military activity or operation in cyberspace’ means a military activ-ity or operation carried out in cyberspace, or as-sociated preparatory actions, authorized by the President or the Secretary that— ‘‘(A) is marked by, held in, or conducted with secrecy, where the intent is that the activity or operation will not be apparent or acknowledged publicly; and ‘‘(B) is to be carried out— ‘‘(i) as part of a military operation plan ap-proved by the President or the Secretary in an-ticipation of hostilities or as directed by the President or the Secretary against— ‘‘(I) adversaries (as defined by the National Security Strategy); or ‘‘(II) other emergent national security threats; ‘‘(ii) to deter, safeguard, or defend against at-tacks or malicious cyber activities against the United States or Department of Defense infor-mation, networks, systems, installations, facili-ties, or other assets; or ‘‘(iii) in support of other information related capabilities such as military deception and psy-chological operations. ‘‘(2) The term ‘foreign power’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘(3) The term ‘United States person’ has the meaning given such term in such section.’’; and (3) in subsection (a), as designated by para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘(as’’ and all that follows through ‘‘))’’. 
SEC. 1623. ACTIVE DEFENSE AND SURVEILLANCE AGAINST RUSSIAN FEDERATION AT-TACKS IN CYBERSPACE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO DISRUPT , DEFEAT , AND D
ETER CYBER ATTACKS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the event that the Na-tional Command Authority determines that the Russian Federation is conducting an active, sys-tematic, and ongoing campaign of attacks against the government or people of the United States in cyberspace, the National Command Authority may authorize the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, acting through the Cyber Mission Forces assigned to the United States Cyber Command, to take appropriate and proportional action in cyberspace to disrupt, de-feat, and deter such attacks under the authority and policy of the Secretary of Defense to con-duct cyber operations and information oper-ations as traditional military activities. (2) N
OTIFICATION AND REPORTING .— (A) NOTIFICATION OF OPERATIONS .—IN exer- cising the authority provided in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide notices to the con-gressional defense committees in accordance with section 130(f) of title 10, United States Code. (B) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS BY COMMANDER OF  
THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In any fiscal year in which the Commander of the United States Cyber Com-mand carries out an action under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall, not less fre-quently than quarterly, submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the ac-tions of the Commander under such paragraph in such fiscal year. (ii) M
ANNER OF REPORTING .—Reports sub-mitted under clause (i) shall be submitted in a manner that is consistent with the recurring quarterly report required by section 484 of title 10, United States Code. (b) S
URVEILLANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and the cyber mission forces of such command, may conduct surveil-lance in networks outside the United States of personnel and organizations engaged at the be-hest or in support of the Russian Federation in— (A) stealing and releasing confidential infor-mation from United States persons or supporting organizations who are campaigning for public office; (B) generating and planting information and narratives, including the purchase of advertise-ments, in social and other media intended to mislead, sharpen social and political conflicts, or otherwise manipulate perceptions and opin-ions of the people of the United States; (C) creating networks of subverted computers and associated false accounts on social media platforms for the purpose of spreading and am-plifying the impact of information and nar-ratives intended to mislead, sharpen social and political conflicts, or otherwise manipulate per-ceptions and opinions of the people of the United States; and (D) developing or using cyber capabilities— (i) to disable, disrupt, or destroy critical infra-structure of the United States; or (ii) to cause— (I) casualties among United States persons or persons of allies of the United States; (II) significant damage to private or public property; (III) significant economic disruption; (IV) an effect, whether individually or in ag-gregate, comparable to that of an armed attack or one that imperils a vital national security in-terest of the United States; or (V) significant disruption of the normal func-tioning of United States democratic society or government, including attacks against or inci-dents involving critical infrastructure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or government. (2) P
RIVATE SECTOR COOPERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make arrangements, directly or through other govern-ment organizations, with private sector media representatives and organizations, including so-cial media companies, on a voluntary basis, using the results of the surveillance under para-graph (1) to assist in the identification of such malicious individuals and organizations and as-sociated false or counterfeit accounts created on social media platforms. (B) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary may grant such security clearances to individuals of media orga-nizations as the Secretary considers necessary and appropriate to share evidence that supports the Secretary’s conclusions regarding the indi-viduals and organizations engaged in the activi-ties described in paragraph (1). (c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4138 June 19, 2018 
congressional defense committees and the con-gressional intelligence committees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) a report on— (1) the scope and intensity of the Russian Federation’s information operations and attacks through cyberspace against the government or people of the United States observed by the cyber mission forces of the United States Cyber Command and the National Security Agency; (2) adjustments of the Department of Defense in the response directed or recommended by the Secretary with respect to such operations and attacks; and (3) whether the authorities under subsections (a) and (b) should be expanded to include other foreign powers, such as the Islamic Republic of Iran and the People’s Republic of China. 
SEC. 1624. REORGANIZATION AND CONSOLIDA-TION OF CERTAIN CYBER PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by transferring sections 130g, 130j, and 130k to chapter 19; and (2) in chapter 19, by redesignating sections 130g, 130j, and 130k, as transferred by subpara-graph (A), as sections 394, 395, and 396, respec-tively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 108(m) of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1507(m)) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 130g’’ and inserting ‘‘under sec-tion 394’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—(1) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 130g, 130j, and 130k. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 19 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘394. Authorities concerning military cyber op-erations. ‘‘395. Notification requirements for sensitive military cyber operations. ‘‘396. Notification requirements for cyber weap-ons.’’. 
SEC. 1625. DESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL FOR MAT-TERS RELATING TO INTEGRATING CYBERSECURITY AND INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS WITHIN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF INTEGRATING OFFICIAL .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate one official to be responsible for matters relating to integrating cybersecurity and industrial control systems within the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The official designated pursuant to subsection (a) shall be responsible for matters described in such subsection at all levels of command, from the Department to the facility using industrial control systems, includ-ing developing Department-wide certification standards for integration of industrial control systems and taking into consideration frame-works set forth by the National Institute of Standards and Technology for the cybersecurity of such systems. 
SEC. 1626. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL MANUFAC-TURERS IN THE DEFENSE INDUS-TRIAL SUPPLY CHAIN ON MATTERS RELATING TO CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) D ISSEMINATION OF CYBERSECURITY RE-
SOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering, in con-sultation with the Director of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology, shall take such actions as may be necessary to enhance awareness of cybersecurity threats among small manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain. (2) P
RIORITY .—The Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering shall prioritize efforts to increase awareness to help reduce cybersecurity risks faced by small manu-facturers described in paragraph (1). (3) SECTOR FOCUS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall carry out this subsection with a focus on such industry sectors as the Under Secretary con-siders critical. (4) O
UTREACH EVENTS .—Under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall conduct outreach to sup-port activities consistent with this section. Such outreach may include live events with a phys-ical presence and outreach conducted through Internet websites. (b) V
OLUNTARY CYBERSECURITY SELF-ASSESS -
MENTS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall develop mecha-nisms to provide assistance to help small manu-facturers conduct voluntary self-assessments in order to understand operating environments, cy-bersecurity requirements, and existing vulnerabilities, including through the Mentor Prote´ge´Program, small business programs, and engagements with defense laboratories and test ranges. (c) T
RANSFER OF RESEARCH FINDINGS AND EX-
PERTISE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering shall pro-mote the transfer of appropriate technology and techniques developed in the Department of De-fense to small manufacturers throughout the United States to implement security measures that are adequate to protect covered defense in-formation, including controlled unclassified in-formation. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL EX -
PERTISE AND CAPABILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall coordinate efforts, when appropriate, with the expertise and capabilities that exist in Fed-eral agencies and federally sponsored labora-tories. (3) A
GREEMENTS .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering may enter into agree-ments with private industry, institutes of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal government to ensure breadth and depth of coverage to the United States de-fense industrial base and to leverage resources. (d) D
EFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE CYBER T
RAINING PROGRAM .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a cyber counseling certification program, or approve a similar existing program, to certify small business professionals and other relevant acquisition staff within the Department of Defense to provide cyber planning assistance to small manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain. (e) A
UTHORITIES .—In executing this program, the Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) The Manufacturing Technology Program established under section 2521 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership program under section 2368 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The Manufacturing Engineering Edu-cation Program established under section 2196 of title 10, United States Code. (4) The Small Business Innovation Research program. (5) The mentor-prote´ge´program. (6) Other legal authorities as the Secretary deems necessary for the effective and efficient execution of the program. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) R
ESOURCES .—The term ‘‘resources’’ means guidelines, tools, best practices, standards, methodologies, and other ways of providing in-formation. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘‘small business concern’’ means a small busi-ness concern as that term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (3) S
MALL MANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘small manufacturer’’ means a small business concern that is a manufacturer. (4) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, Territories, and possessions of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. SEC. 1627. MODIFICATION OF ACQUISITION AU-THORITY OF THE COMMANDER OF THE UNITED STATES CYBER COM-MAND. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF  C
YBER OPERATIONS PROCUREMENT FUND.—Sub- section (e) of section 807 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2025’’. (b) E
XTENSION ON SUNSET .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1628. EMAIL AND INTERNET WEBSITE SECU-RITY AND AUTHENTICATION. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF PLANREQUIRED .—Ex- cept as provided by subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement the plan outlined in Binding Operational Directive 18–01, issued by the Secretary of Homeland Security on October 16, 2017, relating to email security and authentication and Internet website security, according to the schedule established by the Binding Operational Directive for the rest of the Executive Branch beginning with the date of enactment of this Act. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The actions required of the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a) in-clude the following: (1) The adoption of the START Transport Layer Security (STARTTLS) protocol for encryption. (2) Enforcement of Sender Policy Framework (SPF), Domain Keys Identified Mail (DKIM), and Domain-based Message Authentication, Re-porting, and Conformance (DMARC) for email authentication. (3) Implementation of Hypertext Transfer Pro-tocol Strict Transport Security (HSTS). (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the re-quirements of subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a certification that existing or planned security measures for the Department of Defense either meet or exceed the information security require-ments of Binding Operational Directive 18–01. (d) F
UTURE BINDING OPERATIONAL DIREC-
TIVES .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall notify the congres-sional defense committees within 180 days of the issuance by the Secretary of Homeland Security after the date of the enactment of this Act of any Binding Operational Directive for cyberse-curity whether the Department of Defense will comply with the Directive or how the Depart-ment of Defense plans to meet or exceed the se-curity objectives of the Directive. 
SEC. 1629. MATTERS PERTAINING TO THE SHARKSEER CYBERSECURITY PRO-GRAM. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROGRAM .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall transfer the Sharkseer cybersecurity program from the National Security Agency to the De-fense Information Systems Agency, including all associated funding and, as the Secretary con-siders necessary, personnel. (b) L
IMITATION ON FUNDING FOR THE INFOR -
MATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 or any subsequent fiscal year for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation for the Informa-tion Systems Security Program for the National Security Agency, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended unless the Principal Cyber Advisor certifies to the congressional de-fense committees that the operations and main-tenance funding for the Sharkseer program for fiscal year 2019 and the subsequent fiscal years of the current Future Years Defense Program are available or programmed. (c) S
HARKSEER BREAK AND INSPECT CAPA-
BILITY .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4139 June 19, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the decryption capability de-scribed in section 1636 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is provided by the break and in-spect subsystem of the Sharkseer cybersecurity program, unless the Principal Cyber Advisor no-tifies the congressional defense committees on or before the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that a superior enter-prise solution will be operational before October 1, 2019. (2) I
NTEGRATION OF CAPABILITY .—The Sec- retary shall take such actions as are necessary to integrate the break and inspect subsystem of the Sharkseer cybersecurity program with the Department of Defense public key infrastruc-ture. (d) V
ISIBILITY TO ENDPOINTS .—The Secretary shall take such actions as are necessary to en-able, by October 1, 2020, the Sharkseer cyberse-curity program and computer network defense service providers to instantly and automatically determine the specific identity and location of computer hosts and other endpoints that re-ceived or sent malware detected by the Sharkseer cybersecurity program or other net-work perimeter defenses. (e) S
ANDBOX AS A SERVICE .—The Secretary shall use the Sharkseer cybersecurity program sandbox-as-a-service capability as an enterprise solution and terminate all other such projects, unless the Principal Cyber Advisor notifies the congressional defense committees on or before the date that is 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act that a superior enterprise so-lution will be operational before October 1, 2019. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  B
ANDWIDTH EXPANSION .—There is authorized to be appropriated $20,000,000 for procurement, de-fense-wide, for the Defense Information Systems Agency to increase the bandwidth of the Sharkseer cybersecurity program to match the bandwidth of communications entering the Internet access points of the Department of De-fense. 
SEC. 1630. PILOT PROGRAM ON MODELING AND SIMULATION IN SUPPORT OF MILI-TARY HOMELAND DEFENSE OPER-ATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH CYBER ATTACKS ON CRITICAL IN-FRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Secu-rity shall carry out a pilot program that uses the results of research exercises of local govern-ment, industry, and military responses to com-bined natural disasters and cyber attacks on critical infrastructure in order to identify and develop means of improving such responses to such combined disasters and attacks. (2) D
ISCHARGE .—The Assistant Secretary shall carry out the pilot program through the United States Northern Command and the United States Cyber Command. (3) R
ESEARCH EXERCISES .—The pilot program shall be based on lessons learned from the so- called ‘‘Jack Voltaic’’ research exercises con-ducted by the Army Cyber Institute, industry partners of the Institute, and New York, New York, and Houston, Texas. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the pilot pro-gram shall be to accomplish the following: (1) The development and demonstration of risk analysis methodologies, and the application of commercial simulation and modeling capabili-ties, based on artificial intelligence and hyperscale cloud computing technologies, for use by the Federal Governments, States, and lo-calities, as applicable— (A) to assess defense critical infrastructure vulnerabilities and interdependencies to improve military resiliency; (B) to determine the likely effectiveness of at-tacks described in subsection (a)(1), and coun-termeasures, tactics, and tools supporting re-sponsive military homeland defense operations; (C) to train personnel in incident response; (D) to conduct exercises and test scenarios; and (E) to foster collaboration and learning be-tween and among departments and agencies of the Federal Government, State and local govern-ments, and private entities responsible for crit-ical infrastructure. (2) The development and demonstration of the foundations for establishing and maintaining a program of record for a shared high-fidelity, interactive, affordable, cloud-based modeling and simulation of critical infrastructure systems and incident response capabilities that can sim-ulate complex cyber and physical attacks and disruptions on individual and multiple sectors on national, regional, State, and local scales. (c) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the same time the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot pro-gram. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the results of the exercises described in subsection (a)(3) and any other ex-ercises conducted as part of the pilot program as of the date of the report. (B) A list of the cybersecurity units of the Na-tional Guard and Reserves, and a description and assessment of the progress of the Assistant Secretary and the National Governors’ Associa-tion in promoting multi-State mutual assistance compacts to share resources with respect to com-bined natural disaster and cyber attacks de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) as well as an assess-ment of how the National Guard’s ability to op-erate under dual jurisdictions and their existing relationships at the State and local level could be used in these types of events. (C) A description of the risk analysis meth-odologies and modeling and simulation capabili-ties developed and demonstrated pursuant to the pilot program, and an assessment of the poten-tial for future growth of commercial technology in support of the homeland defense mission of the Department of Defense. (D) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate regarding the establish-ment of a program of record for the Department on further development and sustainment of risk analysis methodologies and advanced, large- scale modeling and simulation on critical infra-structure and cyber warfare. (E) Lessons learned from the use of novel risk analysis methodologies and large-scale modeling and simulation carried out under the pilot pro-gram regarding vulnerabilities, required capa-bilities, and reconfigured force structure, coordi-nation practices, and policy. (F) Planned steps for implementing the lessons described in subparagraph (E). (d) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 for research, development, test, and evalua-tion for the Army and available for Advanced Concepts and Simulation (Program Element (62308A)), $10,000,000 may be available for the pilot program. 
SEC. 1631. SECURITY PRODUCT INTEGRATION FRAMEWORK. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Department of Defense requires a standard, enterprise-wide, security product inte-gration framework (SPIF) that provides a ma-chine-to-machine data exchange architecture and protocol to achieve interoperability and automated orchestration and coordinated action between and among cybersecurity services, de-vices, appliances, agents, applications, tools, and command and control centers. (2) Information security products and services need to be engineered to consume and act on in-formation, direction, and cues from other secu-rity elements on a network through this frame-work. (3) A security product integration framework should ideally be non-proprietary or designed as a modular open system. (4) A security integration framework is essen-tial to achieve the speed, scale, and agility of re-sponse required for cyber warfare, and to reduce the cost and time needed to integrate new prod-ucts and services into the existing security envi-ronment. (b) DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM .—The Principal Cyber Adviser, the Chief Information Officer, and the Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall select a network or network seg-ment and associated computer network defense service provider to conduct a demonstration and evaluation of one or more existing security prod-uct integration frameworks, including modifying network security systems to enable such systems to ingest, publish, subscribe, tip and cue, and request information or services from each other. 
SEC. 1632. REPORT ON ENHANCEMENT OF SOFT-WARE SECURITY FOR CRITICAL SYS-TEMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Principal Cyber Adviser to the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chief Information Of-ficer of the Department of Defense shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report on a study, based on the authorities spec-ified in subsection (b), on the costs, benefits, technical merits, and other merits of applying the technology described in subsection (c) to the vulnerability assessment and remediation of the following: (1) Nuclear systems and nuclear command and control. (2) A critical subset of conventional power projection capabilities. (3) Cyber command and control. (4) Other defense critical infrastructure (b) B
ASIS FOR CONDUCT OF STUDY .—The study required for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted pursuant to the following: (1) Section 1640 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (2) Section 1650 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2224 note). (3) Section 1647 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1118). (c) T
ECHNOLOGIES .—The technologies de-scribed in this subsection are the following: (1) Technology developed and used by Combat Support Agencies of the Department of Defense to discover flaws and weaknesses in software code by inputting immense quantities of pseudo- random data (commonly referred to as ‘‘fuzz’’) to identify inputs that cause the software to fail. (2) Cloud-based software fuzzing-as-a-service to continuously test the security of Department of Defense software repositories at large scale. (3) Formal programming and protocol lan-guage for software code development and other methods and tools developed under the High As-surance Cyber Military Systems program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. (4) The binary analysis and symbolic execu-tion software security tools developed under the Cyber Grand Challenge of the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency. 
SEC. 1633. COMPLY TO CONNECT AND CYBERSE-CURITY SCORECARD. 
(a) L IMITATION .—After October 1, 2019, no funds may be obligated or expended to prepare the cybersecurity scorecard for the Secretary of Defense unless the Department of Defense is im-plementing a funded capability to meet the re-quirements— (1) established by the Chief Information Offi-cer and the Commander of United States Cyber Command pursuant to section 1653 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization for Fiscal Year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4140 June 19, 2018 
2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note); and (2) set forth in the Information Security Con-tinuous Monitoring Strategy, the Comply-to- Connect Strategy, the Enterprise Patch Man-agement Service Strategy and Concept of Oper-ations, and the User Activity Monitoring Strat-egy. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 10, 2019, the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report comparing the current capabilities of the Department of Defense to— (1) the requirements described in subsection (a); and (2) the capabilities deployed by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the General Services Administration under the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation program across the non-Department of Defense departments and agencies of the Federal Government. (c) R
ISKTHRESHOLDS .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in coordi-nation with the Principal Cyber Advisor, the Di-rector of Operations of the Joint Staff, and the Commander of United States Cyber Command, shall establish risk thresholds for systems and network operations that, when exceeded, would trigger heightened security measures, such as enhanced monitoring and access policy changes. (d) E
NTERPRISE GOVERNANCE , RISK, ANDCOM-
PLIANCE PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer and the Principal Cyber Ad-visor shall develop a plan to implement an en-terprise governance, risk, and compliance plat-form and process to maintain current status of all information and operational technology as-sets, vulnerabilities, threats, and mitigations. 
SEC. 1634. CYBERSPACE SOLARIUM COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established a com-mission to develop a consensus on a strategic approach to protecting the crucial advantages of the United States in cyberspace against the attempts of adversaries to erode such advan-tages. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The commission established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Cyberspace Solarium Commission’’ (in this sec-tion the ‘‘Commission’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—(A) Subject to subpara-graph (B), the Commission shall be composed of 13 members, as follows: (i) The Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence. (ii) The Deputy Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity. (iii) The Deputy Secretary of Defense. (iv) Three members appointed by the majority leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and two of whom shall not be. (v) Two members appointed by the minority leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and one of whom shall not be. (vi) Three members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, one of whom shall be a member of the House of Rep-resentatives and two of whom shall not be. (vii) Two members appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives, in con-sultation with the Ranking Member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives, one of whom shall be a member of the House of Representatives and one of whom shall not be. (B)(i) The members of the Commission who are not members of Congress and who are appointed under clauses (iv) through (vii) of subparagraph (A) shall be individuals who are nationally rec-ognized for expertise, knowledge, or experience in— (I) cyber strategy or national-level strategies to combat long-term adversaries; (II) cyber technology and innovation; (III) use of intelligence information by na-tional policymakers and military leaders; or (IV) the implementation, funding, or oversight of the national security policies of the United States. (ii) An official who appoints members of the Commission may not appoint an individual as a member of the Commission if, in the judgment of the official, such individual possesses any per-sonal or financial interest in the discharge of any of the duties of the Commission. (iii) All members of the Commission described in clause (i) shall possess an appropriate secu-rity clearance in accordance with applicable provisions of law concerning the handling of classified information. (2) CO-CHAIRS .—(A) The Commission shall have two co-chairs, selected from among the members of the Commission. (B) One co-chair of the Commission shall be a member of the Democratic Party, and one co- chair shall be a member of the Republican Party. (C) The individuals who serve as the co-chairs of the Commission shall be jointly agreed upon by the President, the majority leader of the Sen-ate, the minority leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representa-tives. (c) A
PPOINTMENT ; INITIAL MEETING .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Members of the Commis-sion shall be appointed not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The Commission shall hold its initial meeting on or before the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) M
EETINGS ; QUORUM ; VACANCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After its initial meeting, the Commission shall meet upon the call of the co- chairs of the Commission. (2) Q
UORUM .—Seven members of the Commis-sion shall constitute a quorum for purposes of conducting business, except that two members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum for purposes of receiving testimony. (3) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Commis-sion shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. (4) Q
UORUM WITH VACANCIES .—If vacancies in the Commission occur on any day after 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, a quorum shall consist of a majority of the mem-bers of the Commission as of such day. (e) A
CTIONS OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall act by resolution agreed to by a majority of the mem-bers of the Commission voting and present. (2) P
ANELS .—The Commission may establish panels composed of less than the full member-ship of the Commission for purposes of carrying out the duties of the Commission under this title. The actions of any such panel shall be subject to the review and control of the Commis-sion. Any findings and determinations made by such a panel shall not be considered the find-ings and determinations of the Commission un-less approved by the Commission. (3) D
ELEGATION .—Any member, agent, or staff of the Commission may, if authorized by the co- chairs of the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take pur-suant to this title. (f) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Commission are as follows: (1) To weigh the costs and benefits of various strategic options to reach the goal of protecting the advantages described in subsection (a)(1), including the political system of the United States, the national security industrial sector of the United States, and the innovation base of the United States. The options to be assessed should include deterrence, norms-based regimes, and cyber persistence. (2) To review adversarial strategies and inten-tions, current programs for the protection of ad-vantages described in subsection (a)(1), and the capabilities of the Federal Government to under-stand if and how adversaries are currently being deterred or thwarted in their aims and ambitions. (3) To evaluate the current allocation of re-sources for understanding adversarial strategies and intentions and protecting the advantages described in subsection (a)(1). (4) In weighing the options for protecting ad-vantages as described in subsection (a)(1), to consider possible structures and authorities that need to be established, revised, or augmented within the Federal Government. (g) POWERS OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—(A) The Commission or, on the authorization of the Commission, any sub-committee or member thereof, may, for the pur-pose of carrying out the provisions of this sec-tion— (i) hold such hearings and sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and administer such oaths; and (ii) require, by subpoena or otherwise, the at-tendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books, records, cor-respondence, memoranda, papers, and docu-ments, as the Commission or such designated subcommittee or designated member considers necessary. (B) Subpoenas may be issued under subpara-graph (A)(ii) under the signature of the co- chairs of the Commission, and may be served by any person designated by such co-chairs. (C) The provisions of sections 102 through 104 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (2 U.S.C. 192–194) shall apply in the case of any failure of a witness to comply with any sub-poena or to testify when summoned under au-thority of this section. (2) C
ONTRACTING .—The Commission may, to such extent and in such amounts as are pro-vided in advance in appropriation Acts, enter into contracts to enable the Commission to dis-charge its duties under this title. (3) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (A) The Commission may secure directly from any executive department, agency, bureau, board, commission, office, independent estab-lishment, or instrumentality of the Government information, suggestions, estimates, and statis-tics for the purposes of this title. (B) Each such department, agency, bureau, board, commission, office, establishment, or in-strumentality shall, to the extent authorized by law, furnish such information, suggestions, esti-mates, and statistics directly to the Commission, upon request of the co-chairs of the Commission. (C) The Commission shall handle and protect all classified information provided to it under this section in accordance with applicable stat-utes and regulations. (4) A
SSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .—(A) The Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Commission, on a nonreimbursable basis, such administrative services, funds, staff, facilities, and other support services as are necessary for the performance of the Commission’s duties under this title. (B) The Director of National Intelligence may provide the Commission, on a nonreimbursable basis, with such administrative services, staff, and other support services as the Commission may request. (C) In addition to the assistance set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2), other departments and agencies of the United States may provide the Commission such services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support as such departments and agencies consider advisable and as may be au-thorized by law. (D) The Commission shall receive the full and timely cooperation of any official, department, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4141 June 19, 2018 
or agency of the United States Government whose assistance is necessary for the fulfillment of the duties of the Commission under this title, including the provision of full and current brief-ings and analyses. (5) P
ROHIBITION ON WITHHOLDING INFORMA -
TION.—No department or agency of the Govern-ment may withhold information from the Com-mission on the grounds that providing the infor-mation to the Commission would constitute the unauthorized disclosure of classified informa-tion or information relating to intelligence sources or methods. (6) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States postal services in the same manner and under the same conditions as the departments and agencies of the United States. (7) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of services or property in carrying out its duties under this title. (h) S
TAFF OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—(A) The co-chairs of the Commission, in accordance with rules agreed upon by the Commission, shall appoint and fix the compensation of a staff director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its duties, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable to a person occu-pying a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (B) Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimburse-ment from the Commission, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employment without interrup-tion. (C) All staff of the Commission shall possess a security clearance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations concerning the handling of classified information. (2) C
ONSULTANT SERVICES .—(A) The Commis-sion may procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title. (B) All experts and consultants employed by the Commission shall possess a security clear-ance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations concerning the handling of classi-fied information. (i) C
OMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EXPENSES .— (1) C
OMPENSATION .—(A) Except as provided in paragraph (2), each member of the Commission may be compensated at not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in ef-fect for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day during which that member is engaged in the actual performance of the duties of the Commission under this title. (B) Members of the Commission who are offi-cers or employees of the United States or Mem-bers of Congress shall receive no additional pay by reason of their service on the Commission. (2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—While away from their homes or regular places of business in the per-formance of services for the Commission, mem-bers of the Commission may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Government service are al-lowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (j) T
REATMENT OF INFORMATION RELATING TO  N
ATIONAL SECURITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—(A) The Director of National Intelligence shall assume responsibility for the handling and disposition of any information re-lated to the national security of the United States that is received, considered, or used by the Commission under this title. (B) Any information related to the national security of the United States that is provided to the Commission by a congressional intelligence committees or the congressional armed services committees may not be further provided or re-leased without the approval of the chairman of such committees. (2) ACCESS AFTER TERMINATION OF COMMIS -
SION.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, after the termination of the Commission under subsection (k)(2), only the members and designated staff of the congressional intelligence committees, the Director of National Intelligence (and the designees of the Director), and such other officials of the executive branch as the President may designate shall have access to in-formation related to the national security of the United States that is received, considered, or used by the Commission. (k) F
INAL REPORT ; TERMINATION .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than September 1, 2019, the Commission shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees, the congressional intelligence committees, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security a final re-port on the findings of the Commission. (2) T
ERMINATION .—(A) The Commission, and all the authorities of this section, shall termi-nate at the end of the 120-day period beginning on the date on which the final report under paragraph (1) is submitted to the congressional defense and intelligence committees. (B) The Commission may use the 120-day pe-riod referred to in paragraph (1) for the pur-poses of concluding its activities, including pro-viding testimony to Congress concerning the final report referred to in that paragraph and disseminating the report. (l) A
SSESSMENTS OF FINAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after receipt of the final report under subsection (k)(1), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall each submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense com-mittees an assessment by the Director or the Sec-retary, as the case may be, of the final report. Each assessment shall include such comments on the findings and recommendations contained in the final report as the Director or Secretary, as the case may be, considers appropriate. (m) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN ADMINISTRA -
TIVEPROVISIONS .— (1) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT .—The provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the activi-ties of the Commission under this section. (2) F
REEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT .—The pro- visions of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), shall not apply to the activi-ties, records, and proceedings of the Commission under this section. (n) F
UNDING .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $4,000,000 to carry out this section. (2) A
VAILABILITY IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall make available to the Commission such amounts as the Commission may require for purposes of the activities of the Commission under this sec-tion. (3) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts made available to the Commission under para-graph (2) shall remain available until expended. (o) C
ONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘congres-sional intelligence committees’’ means— (1) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. SEC. 1635. PROGRAM TO ESTABLISH CYBER INSTI-TUTES AT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program to establish a Cyber Institute at institutions of higher learning selected under subsection (b) for purposes of ac-celerating and focusing the development of foundational expertise in critical cyber oper-ational skills for future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces and the Department of Defense, including such leaders of the reserve components. (b) S
ELECTED INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARN-
ING.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall select institutions of higher learning for purposes of the program established under sub-section (a) from among institutions of higher learning that have a Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program. (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF SENIOR MILITARY COL -
LEGES .—In selecting institutions of higher learn-ing under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the senior military colleges with Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps programs. (c) E
LEMENTS .—Each institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Programs to provide future military and ci-vilian leaders of the Armed Forces or the De-partment of Defense who possess cyber oper-ational expertise from beginning through ad-vanced skill levels. Such programs shall include instruction and practical experiences that lead to recognized certifications and degrees in the cyber field. (2) Programs of targeted strategic foreign lan-guage proficiency training for such future lead-ers that— (A) are designed to significantly enhance crit-ical cyber operational capabilities; and (B) are tailored to current and anticipated readiness requirements. (3) Programs related to mathematical founda-tions of cryptography and courses in cryp-tographic theory and practice designed to com-plement and reinforce cyber education along with the strategic language programs critical to cyber operations. (4) Programs related to data science and courses in data science theory and practice de-signed to complement and reinforce cyber edu-cation along with the strategic language pro-grams critical to cyber operations. (5) Programs designed to develop early interest and cyber talent through summer programs, dual enrollment opportunities for cyber, stra-tegic language, data science, and cryptography related courses. (6) Training and education programs to ex-pand the pool of qualified cyber instructors nec-essary to support cyber education in regional school systems. (d) P
ARTNERSHIPS WITHDEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES .—Any institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more components of the Armed Forces, active or reserve, or any agency of the Depart-ment of Defense to facilitate the development of critical cyber skills for students who may pursue a military career. (e) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Any institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more local educational agencies to facilitate the de-velopment of critical cyber skills. (f) S
ENIOR MILITARY COLLEGES DEFINED .— The term ‘‘senior military colleges’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2111a(f) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1636. ESTABLISHMENT OF CYBERSECURITY FOR DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE MANUFACTURING ACTIVITY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may, in consultation with the Director of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4142 June 19, 2018 
National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, establish an activity to assess and strengthen the cybersecurity resiliency of the defense industrial base of the United States. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The activity that may be established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Cybersecurity for Defense Industrial Base Manufacturing Activity’’. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—If the Secretary of Defense exercises the authority under subsection (a), the Secretary shall utilize the activity to explore ways to increase the cybersecurity resilience of the defense industrial supply chain. Such explo-ration may include the following: (1) Developing cybersecurity test capabilities to support identifying and reducing security vulnerabilities (as defined in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501)) in defense industrial base manu-facturing processes. (2) Developing in-person and online training to help small defense industrial base manufac-turers improve their cybersecurity. (3) Ensuring that cybersecurity for defense in-dustrial base manufacturing is included in De-partment of Defense research and development roadmaps and threat assessments. (4) Aggregating, developing, and dissemi-nating capabilities to address cybersecurity threats that can be provided to and adopted by defense industrial base manufacturers of all sizes. PART II—MITIGATION OF RISKS POSED BY PROVIDERS OF INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY WITH OBLIGATIONS TO FOR-EIGN GOVERNMENTS 
SEC. 1637. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (2) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘in-formation technology’’ has the meaning given such term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (3) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘national security system’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3552(b) of title 44, United States Code. 
SEC. 1638. IDENTIFICATION OF COUNTRIES OF CONCERN REGARDING CYBERSECU-RITY. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF COUNTRIES OF CON-
CERN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall create a prioritized list of countries of concern regarding cybersecurity based on in-formation relating to the following: (1) A foreign government’s engagement in acts of violence against personnel of the United States or coalition forces. (2) A foreign government’s willingness and record of providing financing, logistics, training or intelligence to other persons, countries or en-tities posing a force protection or cybersecurity risk to the personnel, financial systems, critical infrastructure, or information systems of the United States or coalition forces. (3) A foreign government’s engagement in for-eign intelligence activities against the United States. (4) A foreign government’s direct or indirect participation in transnational organized crime or criminal activity. (5) A foreign government’s ability and intent to conduct operations to affect the supply chain of the United States Government. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the list created pursuant to subsection (a) and any accompanying anal-ysis that contributed to the creation of the list. SEC. 1639. MITIGATION OF RISKS TO NATIONAL SECURITY POSED BY PROVIDERS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROD-UCTS AND SERVICES WHO HAVE OB-LIGATIONS TO FOREIGN GOVERN-MENTS. 
(a) D ISCLOSURE REQUIRED .—The Department of Defense may not use a product, service, or system relating to information or operational technology, cybersecurity, an industrial control system, a weapons system, or computer antivirus provided by a person unless that person dis-closes to the Secretary of Defense the following: (1) Whether the person has allowed a foreign government to review or access the code of a product, system, or service custom-developed for the Department, or is under any obligation to allow a foreign person or government to review or access the code of a product, system, or serv-ice custom-developed for the Department as a condition of entering into an agreement for sale or other transaction with a foreign government or with a foreign person on behalf of such a government. (2) Whether the person has allowed a foreign government listed in section 1638(a) to review or access the source code of a product, system, or service that the Department is using or intends to use, or is under any obligation to allow a for-eign person or government to review or access the source code of a product, system, or service that the Department is using or intends to use as a condition of entering into an agreement for sale or other transaction with a foreign govern-ment or with a foreign person on behalf of such a government. (3) In a case in which the person is a United States person or an affiliate of a United States person, whether or not the person holds or has sought a license pursuant to the Export Admin-istration Regulations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regula-tions, the International Traffic in Arms Regula-tions under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor regulations, for information technology prod-ucts, components, software, or services that con-tain code custom-developed for the product, sys-tem, or service the Department is using or in-tends to use. (b) P
OST PROCUREMENT .—Procurement con-tracts for covered products or systems shall in-clude a clause requiring the information con-tained in subsection (a) be disclosed during the period of the contract if an entity becomes aware of information requiring disclosure as per that section, including any mitigation measures taken or anticipated. (c) M
ITIGATION OF RISKS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If, after reviewing a disclo-sure made by a person under subsection (a), the Secretary determines that the disclosure relating to a product, system, or service entails a risk to the national security infrastructure or data of the United States, or any national security sys-tem under the control of the Department, the Secretary shall take such measures as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to mitigate such risks, including, as the Secretary considers ap-propriate, by conditioning any agreement for the use, procurement, or acquisition of the prod-uct, system, or service on the inclusion of en-forceable conditions or requirements that would mitigate such risks. (2) T
HIRD-PARTY TESTING STANDARD .—Not later than two years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act the Secretary shall develop such third-party testing standard as the Sec-retary considers acceptable for commercial off the shelf (COTS) products, systems, or services to use when dealing with foreign governments. (d) E
XEMPTION OF DISCLOSURES FROM FREE-
DOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—A disclosure under subsection (a) shall not be subject to section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), or any other similar provision of Federal or State law requiring the disclosure of information to the public. SEC. 1640. ESTABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY OF DIS-CLOSURES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) establish within the operational capabili-ties of the Committee for National Security Sys-tems (CNSS) or within such other agency as the Secretary considers appropriate a registry con-taining the information disclosed under section 1639; and (2) upon request, make such information available to any agency conducting a procure-ment pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regu-lations or the Defense Federal Acquisition Regu-lations. (b) E
XEMPTION OF REGISTRY FROM FREEDOM  
OFINFORMATION ACT.—The contents of the reg-istry established under subsection (a)(1) shall not be subject to section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Free-dom of Information Act’’), or any other similar provision of Federal or State law requiring the disclosure of information to the public. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port detailing the number, scope, product classi-fications, and mitigation agreements related to each product, system, and service for which a disclosure is made under section 1639(a). Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1641. OVERSIGHT AND MANAGEMENT OF THE COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COM-MUNICATIONS SYSTEM FOR THE NA-TIONAL LEADERSHIP OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF RESPONSIBLE INDI-
VIDUAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall designate a single individual to be respon-sible for oversight and strategic portfolio man-agement of the command, control, and commu-nications system for the national leadership of the United States (as defined in section 171a of title 10, United States Code), including— (A) nuclear command, control, and commu-nications; (B) senior leadership communications systems; (C) integrated tactical warning and attack as-sessment systems, processes, and enablers; and (D) continuity of government functions for which the Department of Defense is responsible. (2) A
UTHORITIES .—Subject to the authority and direction of the Secretary, the individual designated under paragraph (1) shall have the authority to direct the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments and officials in the Office of the Secretary of Defense with respect to matters described in paragraph (1), including— (A) playing a significant and directive role in the decision processes for all annual and multi- year planning, programming, budgeting, and execution decisions, including the authority to realign the elements of the budgets and budget requests of the military departments that relate to the matters described in paragraph (1); (B) ensuring that the military departments comply with the standards of the Federal Gov-ernment and the Department of Defense with re-spect to matters described in paragraph (1); and (C) any other authorities that the Secretary of Defense considers necessary. (3) C
HAIRPERSON OF COUNCIL ON OVERSIGHT OF  
THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP COMMAND , CONTROL , 
AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM .—The individual designated under paragraph (1) shall serve as the Chairperson of the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System established under section 171a of title 10, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4143 June 19, 2018 
(4) S TAFF.—The individual designated under paragraph (1) shall have sufficient dedicated full-time personnel to carry out the responsibil-ities of that individual under this subsection and as Chairperson of the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System. (b) M
ODIFICATIONS TO COUNCIL ON OVERSIGHT  
OF THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP COMMAND , CON-
TROL, ANDCOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—Subsection (b) of section 171a of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, Tech-nology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘and Sustainment’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (7) as paragraphs (4) through (8), respectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering.’’. (2) C
HAIRPERSON .—Subsection (c) of such sec-tion is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson of the Council (in this section referred to as the ‘Chairperson’) shall be the individual des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense under sec-tion 1641(a) of the John S. McCain National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 as responsible for oversight and strategic portfolio management of the command, control, and com-munications system for the national leadership of the United States.’’. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘oversight’’ and inserting ‘‘coordination’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘oversight’’ and inserting ‘‘coordi-nation’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘mitiga-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘recommendations for miti-gation actions’’; (iii) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D) and inserting the following new subparagraph (C): ‘‘(C) Making recommendations to the Chair-person with respect to resource prioritization.’’; and (iv) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D). (4) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Council shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson shall’’. (5) C
OLLECTION OF ASSESSMENTS ON CERTAIN  
THREATS .—Subsection (f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘The Council shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Chairperson shall, in consulta-tion with the Council,’’. (6) B
UDGET AND FUNDING MATTERS .—Sub- section (g) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Chairman’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the Council shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson shall’’. (7) R
EPORTS ON SPACE ARCHITECTURE DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisitions, Technology, and Lo-gistics’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’. (8) N
OTIFICATION OF REDUCTION OF CERTAIN  
WARNING TIME .—Subsection (j)(2) of such section is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson, in consultation with the Council,’’; and (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’. (9) STATUS OF ACQUISITION PROGRAMS .—Sub- section (k) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the co-chairs of the Council, acting through the senior steering group of the Council,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the co-chairs of the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’. 
SEC. 1642. MODIFICATION TO REQUIREMENT FOR CONVENTIONAL LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 217(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 706) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Secretary may’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘the Secretary— ‘‘(A) may’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) shall begin procurement and fielding of a follow-on air-launched cruise missile to the AGM–86 for conventional missions not more than five years after the successful completion of initial operational test and evaluation for such a missile for nuclear missions.’’. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to design and procure the long-range standoff weapon to provide a nu-clear cruise missile capability to replace the AGM–86 as part of the modernization of the nu-clear triad. 
SEC. 1643. EXCHANGE PROGRAM FOR NUCLEAR WEAPONS PROGRAM EMPLOYEES. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, and the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall jointly establish an exchange program under which— (1) the Chairman shall arrange for the tem-porary assignment of civilian and military per-sonnel working on nuclear weapons policy, pro-duction, and force structure issues in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, the Navy, or the Air Force to the Office of the Dep-uty Administrator for Defense Programs in the National Nuclear Security Administration; and (2) the Administrator shall arrange for the temporary assignment of civilian personnel working on programs related to nuclear weap-ons in the Office of the Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs to the elements of the De-partment of Defense specified in paragraph (1). (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the exchange program established under subsection (a) are— (1) to familiarize personnel from the Depart-ment of Defense and the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration with the equities, priorities, processes, culture, and employees of the other agency; (2) for participants in the exchange program to return the expertise gained through their ex-changes to their original agencies at the conclu-sion of their exchanges; and (3) to improve communication between and in-tegration of the agencies that support the for-mation and oversight of nuclear weapons policy through lasting relationships across the chain of command. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS .— (1) N
UMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—The Chairman and the Administrator shall each select not fewer than 5 and not more than 10 participants per year for participation in the exchange pro-gram established under subsection (a). The Chairman and the Administrator may determine how many participants to select under this paragraph without regard to the number of par-ticipants selected from the other agency. (2) CRITERIA FOR SELECTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman and the Ad-ministrator shall select participants for the ex-change program established under subsection (a) from among mid-career employees and based on— (i) the qualifications and desire to participate in the program of the employee; and (ii) the technical needs and capacities of the Department of Defense and the National Nu-clear Security Administration, as applicable. (B) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—In selecting participants from the Department of Defense for the exchange program established under sub-section (a), the Chairman shall ensure that there is a mix of military personnel and civilian employees of the Department. (d) T
ERMS .—Exchanges pursuant to the ex-change program established under subsection (a) shall be for terms of one to two years, as de-termined and negotiated by the Chairman and the Administrator. Such terms may begin and end on a rolling basis. (e) G
UIDANCE AND IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chair-man and the Administrator shall jointly develop and submit to the congressional defense commit-tees interim guidance on the form and contours of the exchange program established under sub-section (a). (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Administrator shall imple-ment the guidance developed under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1644. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CER-TAIN PARTS OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Notwith- standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in division D, $9,841,000 shall be available for the procurement of covered parts pursuant to contracts entered into under section 1645(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). (b) C
OVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means commercially available off-the-shelf items as defined in sec-tion 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 1645. PLAN TO TRAIN OFFICERS IN NUCLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMU-NICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, develop a plan to train, educate, manage, and track offi-cers of the Armed Forces in nuclear command, control, and communications. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall address— (1) manpower requirements at various grades; (2) desired career paths and promotion timing; and (3) any other matters the Secretary of Defense considers relevant to develop a mature cadre of officers with nuclear command, control, and communications expertise. (c) S
UBMISSION OF PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit the plan required by subsection (a) to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The plan required by subsection (a) shall be implemented not later 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4144 June 19, 2018 
than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1646. PLAN FOR ALIGNMENT OF ACQUISI-TION OF WARHEAD LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAMS AND DELIVERY VEHI-CLES FOR SUCH WARHEADS. 
Not later than February 15, 2019, the Chair-man of the Nuclear Weapons Council estab-lished under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan containing a proposal for bet-ter aligning the acquisition of warhead life ex-tension programs by the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration with the acquisition of the planned delivery vehicles for such warheads by the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1647. EXTENSION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON PLAN FOR THE NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE, NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPLEX, NUCLEAR WEAPONS DE-LIVERY SYSTEMS, AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM. 
Section 1043 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576), as most recently amended by section 1665 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended in subsection (a)(1) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 1648. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ACTIVITIES TO MODIFY UNITED STATES AIRCRAFT TO IMPLEMENT OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and engineering or aircraft procurement, Air Force, for the digital visual imaging system may be obligated or expended to carry out any activities to modify any United States aircraft for purposes of implementing the Open Skies Treaty until— (1) the Secretary of Defense submits to the ap-propriate congressional committees the certifi-cation described in paragraph (2) of section 1235(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91); and (2) the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees the certification de-scribed in paragraph (3) of such section. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SEC. 1649. SENSE OF SENATE ON NUCLEAR POS-TURE REVIEW. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Secretary of Defense James Mattis said in his opening statement before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on February 6, 2018, ‘‘Maintaining an effective nuclear deterrent is much less expensive than fighting a war that we were unable to deter.’’. (2) In the same statement, Secretary Mattis said, ‘‘Recapitalizing the nuclear weapons com-plex of laboratories and plants is also long past due . . . Due to consistent underfunding, sig-nificant and sustained investments will be re-quired over the coming decade to ensure that the National Nuclear Security Administration will be able to deliver at the rate needed to sup-port nuclear deterrence into the 2030s and be-yond.’’. (3) Former Secretary of Defense Ash Carter re-cently wrote that ‘‘it is essential to recapitalize the nuclear Triad, because it is the bedrock of deterrence. During the past 25 years, the United States has made no major new investments in its nuclear forces, yet other countries have con-ducted vigorous buildups. This history does not support the contention that U.S. investments fuel the nuclear programs of others. My views are reflected in the latest Nuclear Posture Re-view.’’. (4) Former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Jim Miller recently wrote, ‘‘Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis’s 2018 Nuclear Posture Re-view offers continuity with past U.S. policy and plans, including those in the 2010 NPR. It de-serves broad bipartisan support.’’. (5) The Foreign Minister of Japan, Taro Kono, said in a statement on February 3, 2018, ‘‘Japan highly appreciates the latest NPR which clearly articulates the U.S. resolve to ensure the effectiveness of its deterrence and its commit-ment to providing extended deterrence to its al-lies including Japan, in light of the inter-national security environment which has been rapidly worsened since the release of the pre-vious 2010 NPR, in particular, by continued de-velopment of North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs.’’. (6) In testimony before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on April 30, 2018, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis said, ‘‘Modern-izing the nation’s nuclear deterrent delivery sys-tems and our nuclear command and control is the [Department of Defense’s] top priority.’’. (b) SENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review is a meas-ured and appropriate response to the current se-curity environment, taking into account the de-velopments in other nuclear weapons states such as the People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation and the return to great power competition as identified by two succes-sive Secretaries of Defense and outlined in the 2018 National Defense Strategy; (2) Congress should fully fund the complete nuclear modernization program of the Depart-ment of Defense, including the Columbia-class submarine, the Ground-Based Strategic Deter-rent, the B–21 long-range bomber, the Long- Range Stand-Off weapon, the re-engining of the B–52H bomber, and dual-capable aircraft; (3) the Department of Defense should organize itself appropriately to engineer, acquire, and op-erate nuclear command, control, and commu-nications systems that are secure, reliable, and modernized; (4) Congress should fully fund the National Nuclear Security Administration component of the nuclear modernization program, including— (A) the existing warhead life extension pro-grams and major alterations, including the W76– 2 warhead modification program and the W80–4 life extension program; and (B) the recapitalization of infrastructure for production and processing of plutonium pits, uranium, tritium, lithium, and trusted strategic radiation-hardened microelectronics; (5) in order to execute the programs described in this subsection in the timely fashion required by the Nuclear Posture Review, the National Nuclear Security Administration must balance workload, improve management of large pro-grams, and better integrate its acquisition pro-grams with those of the Department of Defense; (6) the United States maintains a steadfast commitment to the policy of extended deterrence in Europe and East Asia, and the nuclear mod-ernization program will ensure that commitment remains credible; (7) the United States should continue to honor long-held arms control, nonproliferation, and nuclear security commitments, and should seek to increase transparency and predictability through strategic dialogue, risk-reduction com-munication channels, and the sharing of best practices; (8) when complied with by all parties, effec-tive nuclear nonproliferation and arms control measures and agreements can support the secu-rity of the United States and countries that are allies or partners of the United States by— (A) controlling the spread of nuclear mate-rials, technology, and expertise; (B) decreasing the risk of misperception and miscalculation; and (C) avoiding destabilizing nuclear arms com-petition; and (9) the United States should continue to af-firm its commitments to arms control efforts that advance the security of the United States and countries that are allies or partners of the United States, and are verifiable and enforce-able, including the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on Feb-ruary 5, 2011 (commonly known as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’), which is in effect through February 2021, and with mutual agreement may be extended for up to five years. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs SEC. 1651. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION RELAT-ING TO MISSILE DEFENSE INFORMA-TION AND SYSTEMS. 
Section 130h(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1652. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR STANDARD MISSILE–3 IB GUIDED MISSILES. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of Standard Missile– 3 Block IB guided missiles. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary may enter into one or more con-tracts for advance procurement associated with the missiles for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is pro-vided under subsection (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority provided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees the report and confirmation required under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 1653. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR RE-PORTS ON UNFUNDED PRIORITIES OF MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
Section 1696 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (130 Stat. 2638; Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, not later than’’ (B) by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the budget if’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the budget if additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mission require-ment.’’. 
SEC. 1654. IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DEFENSE SYSTEM AND ISRAELI CO-OPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-GRAM CO-DEVELOPMENT AND CO- PRODUCTION. 
(a) I RON DOME SHORT -RANGE ROCKET DE-
FENSE SYSTEM .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the funds au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for pro-curement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $70,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure components for the Iron 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4145 June 19, 2018 
Dome short-range rocket defense system through co-production of such components in the United States by industry of the United States. (2) C
ONDITIONS .— (A) A
GREEMENT .—Funds described in para-graph (1) for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the Agreement Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Procurement, signed on March 5, 2014, as amended to include co-production for Tamir interceptors. (B) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds described in paragraph (1), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees— (i) a certification that the amended bilateral international agreement specified in subpara-graph (A) is being implemented as provided in such agreement; and (ii) an assessment detailing any risks relating to the implementation of such agreement. (b) I
SRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  P
ROGRAM , DAVID’SSLING WEAPON SYSTEM CO- 
PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2019 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency not more than $50,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System, including for co-produc-tion of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a certification that— (A) the Government of Israel has dem-onstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and pro-duction readiness reviews required by the re-search, development, and technology agreement and the bilateral co-production agreement for the David’s Sling Weapon System; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mu-tually agreed to by the United States and Israel); and (C) the level of co-production of parts, compo-nents, and all-up rounds (if appropriate) in the United States by United States industry for the David’s Sling Weapon System is not less than 50 percent. (c) I
SRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  P
ROGRAM , ARROW 3 UPPER TIERINTERCEPTOR  P
ROGRAM CO-PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2019 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency not more than $80,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, including for co-pro-duction of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Except as provided by paragraph (3), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a cer-tification that— (A) the Government of Israel has dem-onstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and pro-duction readiness reviews required by the re-search, development, and technology agreements for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mu-tually agreed to by the United States and Israel); (C) the United States has entered into a bilat-eral international agreement with Israel that es-tablishes, with respect to the use of such funds— (i) in accordance with subparagraph (D), the terms of co-production of parts and components on the basis of the greatest practicable co-pro-duction of parts, components, and all-up rounds (if appropriate) by United States industry and minimizes nonrecurring engineering and facilitization expenses to the costs needed for co- production; (ii) complete transparency on the requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and bat-teries that will be procured, including with re-spect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; (iii) technical milestones for co-production of parts and components and procurement; (iv) a joint affordability working group to consider cost reduction initiatives; and (v) joint approval processes for third-party sales; and (D) the level of co-production described in subparagraph (C)(i) for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program is not less than 50 percent. (3) WAIVER .—The Under Secretary may waive the certification required by paragraph (2) if the Under Secretary certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that the Under Secretary has received sufficient data from the Govern-ment of Israel to demonstrate— (A) the funds specified in paragraph (1) are provided to Israel solely for funding the pro-curement of long-lead components and critical hardware in accordance with a production plan, including a funding profile detailing Israeli contributions for production, including long-lead production, of the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; (B) such long-lead components have success-fully completed knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews; and (C) the long-lead procurement will be con-ducted in a manner that maximizes co-produc-tion in the United States without incurring non-recurring engineering activity or cost other than such activity or cost required for suppliers of the United States to start or restart production in the United States. (d) N
UMBER .—In carrying out paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (2) of sub-section (c), the Under Secretary may submit— (1) one certification covering both the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or (2) separate certifications for each respective system. (e) T
IMING .—The Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the cer-tifications under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (2) of subsection (c) by not later than 60 days before the funds specified in para-graph (1) of subsections (b) and (c) for the re-spective system covered by the certification are provided to the Government of Israel. (f) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1655. METRICS FOR EVALUATING EFFEC-TIVENESS OF INTEGRATED BAL-LISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM AGAINST OPERATIONALLY REAL-ISTIC BALLISTIC MISSILE ATTACKS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF METRICS REQUIRED .— The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall, in coordination with the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation, the Director of the Ballistic Missile Defense System Operational Test Agency, the Commander of the Joint Forces Combatant Command-Integrated Missile De-fense, the service acquisition executives (as de-fined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code), and the commanders of the combatant commands, develop operationally relevant metrics for evaluating the effectiveness of the integrated Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS) and its components and elements against operationally realistic ballistic missile attacks into areas defended by United States combatant commands. (b) INCORPORATION OF METRICS INTOANNUAL  R
EPORTS .—Beginning in February 2019, the Di-rector of the Missile Defense Agency shall incor-porate the metrics developed under subsection (a) into the annual reports of the Director to the congressional defense committees, including an assessment of progress against such metrics on the acquisition baseline of the Missile Defense Agency. (c) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act and available for the Command and Control, Battle Management and Communications (C2BMC) program, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the Director develops the metrics required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1656. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT RE-LATING TO TRANSITION OF BAL-LISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-GRAMS TO MILITARY DEPARTMENTS. 
Section 1676(b)(2) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by inserting ‘‘or equivalent approval’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1657. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ACCELERA-TION OF MISSILE DEFENSE CAPA-BILITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Missile Defense Agency should— (1) accelerate the fielding, if technically fea-sible, of the planned additional 20 ground-based interceptors with Redesigned Kill Vehicles (RKV) at Missile Field 4 at Fort Greely, Alaska, and to mate the Redesigned Kill Vehicles with the newest booster technology; (2) weigh the rapid growth in missile and nu-clear threats against the cost and risk of accel-erating the Redesigned Kill Vehicle and the Multi-Object Kill Vehicle development and de-ployment; (3) ensure, prior to its operational deployment, that the Redesigned Kill Vehicle has dem-onstrated the ability to accomplish its intended mission through a successful, operationally real-istic flight test; (4) rapidly develop and deploy a persistent, space-based sensor architecture to ensure our missile defenses are more effective against bal-listic missile threats and more responsive to new and emergent threats from hypersonic and cruise missiles; (5) pursue innovative concepts for existing technologies, such as a missile defense role for the F–35 aircraft; and (6) invest in advanced technologies, such as boost-phase warning, tracking, and intercept. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on ways the Missile Defense Agency can accel-erate the construction of Missile Field 4 at Fort Greely, Alaska, as well as the deployment of 20 ground-based interceptors with Redesigned Kill Vehicles (RKV) at such missile field, by at least one year. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A threat-based description of the benefits and risks of accelerating the construction and deployment referred to in paragraph (1). (B) A description of the technical and acquisi-tion risks and potential effects on the reliability of the Redesigned Kill Vehicle if deployment is accelerated as described in paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4146 June 19, 2018 
(C) A description of the cost implications of accelerating the construction and deployment referred to in paragraph (1). (D) A description of the effect such accelera-tion would have on the Redesigned Kill Vehicle flight test schedule and the overall Integrated Master Test Plan. (E) A description of the effect that the accel-eration described in paragraph (1) would have on re-tipping currently deployed exoatmospheric kill vehicles with the Redesigned Kill Vehicle. (F) A description of how such acceleration would align with the deployment of the long range discrimination radar and the homeland defense radar-Hawaii. (G) A cost-benefit analysis and a feasibility assessment for construction of a fifth missile field at Fort Greely, Alaska. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1658. INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DE-FENSE FOR EVOLVING THEATER MIS-SILE THREATS. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the Sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States should utilize regional missile defense assets to counter and deter against cruise, short-to-medium-range ballistic, and hypersonic missile threats; (2) the United States should continue to rap-idly work toward the interoperability of all United States missile defense systems for a more effective layered defense; and (3) the United States Army should increase its attention, focus, and resources developing an integrated air-and-missile defense architecture to protect both land and air forces from cruise, short-to-medium-range ballistic, and hypersonic missile threats. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, if con-sistent with the direction or recommendations of the Missile Defense Review that commenced in 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the Department’s plan for the creation of a fully interoperable and integrated air and missile de-fense architecture. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the report re-quired by paragraph (1) are as follows: (A) An intelligence assessment of cruise, short-to-medium-range ballistic, and hypersonic missile threats to the United States and its de-ployed forces. (B) An examination of current United States capabilities to defeat the threats included in the report required by subparagraph (A) and an analysis of the existing capability and resource gaps. (C) An analysis of the level of integration and interoperability of United States missile defense systems and the future requirements needed to become fully integrated and interoperable to de-feat the threats included in the report required by subparagraph (A). (D) A description of the current state of sur-vivability of United States missile defense sys-tems against the full spectrum of air and missile threats from near-peer threats and any planned efforts to increase survivability. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1659. ACCELERATION OF HYPERSONIC MIS-SILE DEFENSE PROGRAM. 
(a) A CCELERATION OF PROGRAM .—The Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency shall accel-erate the hypersonic missile defense program of the Missile Defense Agency. (b) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Director shall deploy such program in conjunction with a persistent space-based missile defense sensor program. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on how hypersonic missile defense can be accelerated to meet emerging hypersonic threats. (2) CONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An estimate of the cost of such accelera-tion. (B) The technical requirements and acquisi-tion plan needed for the Director to develop and deploy a hypersonic missile defense program. (C) A testing campaign plan that accelerates the delivery of hypersonic defense systems to the warfighter. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1660. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ALLIED PARTNERSHIPS FOR MISSILE DE-FENSE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States should seek additional opportunities, at the tactical, operational, and strategic levels, to provide missile defense capa-bilities, doctrine, interoperability, and planning to allies and trusted partners of the United States; (2) an expedited foreign military sales ar-rangement would be beneficial in delivering such missile defenses to allies and trusted part-ners; and (3) it is important to continue to work with al-lies and trusted partners, such as Israel, to learn from their experience deploying successful missile defense technologies. 
SEC. 1660A. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON RESULTS OF TESTS CARRIED OUT BY MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) tests carried out by the Missile Defense Agency, which do not achieve an intercept or the main objective, should not be considered failures; (2) the Missile Defense Agency—in an effort to deliver capabilities at the speed of relevance— should recognize the learning value of indi-vidual advancements made by all test events, rather than viewing any total outcome as an in-dication of the reliability of entire missile de-fense systems; (3) the Missile Defense Agency should, as part of its test program, continue to build an inde-pendently accredited modeling and simulation element to better inform missile defense perform-ance assessments and test criteria; and (4) the Missile Defense Agency should con-tinue to pursue an increasingly rigorous testing regime, in coordination with the Office of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, to more rapidly deliver capabilities to the warfighter as the threat evolves. 
SEC. 1660B. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON DISCRIMI-NATION FOR MISSILE DEFENSE. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that prioritizing discrimination capa-bilities to improve missile defense effectiveness against current and future threats is critically important. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the following: (A) Needed discrimination improvements with-in the missile defense architecture. (B) The Missile Defense Agency’s plan to rap-idly field advanced discrimination capabilities. (C) An analysis of efforts to address discrimi-nation challenges against emerging adversary threats, including hypersonic and cruise mis-siles. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1660C. DEVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT OF PERSISTENT SPACE-BASED SENSOR ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) D ISSOCIATION WITHBALLISTIC MISSILE DE-
FENSE REVIEW .—Subsection (a) of section 1683 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘If consistent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘develop’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than December 31, 2018, the Director of the Mis-sile Defense Agency shall, in coordination with the Secretary of the Air Force and the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, commence developing’’. (b) DEPLOYMENT DEADLINE .—Such subsection is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(
A) INGENERAL .—’’ and in- serting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Director of the Mis-sile Defense Agency shall ensure that the sensor architecture developed under paragraph (1) is deployed on or before December 31, 2022.’’. (c) C
OMPATIBILITY WITHEFFORTS OF DEFENSE  A
DVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY .—Such section is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsection (f) and (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) C
OMPATIBILITY WITHEFFORTS OF DE-
FENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGEN-
CY.—The Director shall ensure that the sensor architecture developed under subsection (a) is compatible with efforts of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency relating to space- based sensors for missile defense.’’. (d) R
EPORT ON PROGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the progress of all efforts being made by the Missile Defense Agen-cy, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and the Air Force relating to space- based sensing and tracking capabilities for mis-sile defense and how each of such organizations will work together to avoid duplication of ef-forts. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1660D. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT TO DEVELOP A SPACE-BASED BALLISTIC MISSILE INTERCEPT LAYER. 
(a) D ISSOCIATION WITHBALLISTIC MISSILE DE-
FENSE REVIEW .—Subsection (a) of section 1688 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended, in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘If consistent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘The Director’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended, in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘If the Director car-ries out subsection (a), not later’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later’’. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1661. ASSESSMENT OF ELECTRONIC WAR-FARE CAPABILITIES OF RUSSIA AND CHINA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees and the congressional intelligence com-mittees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) country- wide assessments of the electronic warfare capa-bilities of the Russian Federation and the Peo-ple’s Republic of China. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The assessments submitted under subsection (a) shall include, for the coun-tries concerned, the following: (1) The electronic warfare doctrine. (2) The order of battle on land, sea, air, space, and cyberspace. (3) The current status of expected direction of technology and research over the next 10 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4147 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 1662. BUDGET EXHIBIT ON SUPPORT PRO-VIDED TO ENTITIES OUTSIDE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary of De-fense (Comptroller) shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Defense budget for each fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a single budget exhibit con-taining relevant details pertaining to support provided by the Department of Defense to the Executive Office of the President related to sen-ior leader communications and continuity of government programs. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The budget exhibit required by subsection (a) shall include— (1) support provided by the White House Mili-tary Office, the White House Communications Agency, special mission area activities of the Defense Information Systems Agency, and other relevant programs; and (2) specific appropriation and line numbers where appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The budget exhibit required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1663. DEVELOPMENT OF ELECTROMAGNETIC BATTLE MANAGEMENT CAPABILITY FOR JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC OP-ERATIONS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF EXECUTIVE AGENT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Electronic Warfare Execu-tive Committee shall designate a military service with the responsibility for acting as executive agent for the development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint electro-magnetic operations. (b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall include a certification from the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee whether sufficient funds have been budgeted for the development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management capa-bility for joint electromagnetic operations. TITLE XVII—COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1702. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) foreign investment provides substantial economic benefits to the United States, includ-ing the promotion of economic growth, produc-tivity, competitiveness, and job creation, and the majority of foreign investment transactions pose little or no risk to the national security of the United States, especially when those invest-ments are truly passive in nature; (2) maintaining the commitment of the United States to open and fair investment policy also encourages other countries to reciprocate and helps open new foreign markets for United States businesses and their products; (3) it should continue to be the policy of the United States to enthusiastically welcome and support foreign investment, consistent with the protection of national security; (4) at the same time, the national security landscape has shifted in recent years, and so has the nature of the investments that pose the greatest potential risk to national security, which warrants a modernization of the proc-esses and authorities of the Committee on For-eign Investment in the United States and of the United States export control system; (5) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States plays a critical role in pro-tecting the national security of the United States, and, therefore, it is essential that the member agencies of the Committee are ade-quately resourced and able to hire appropriately qualified individuals in a timely manner, and that those individuals’ security clearances are processed as a high priority; (6) the President should conduct a more ro-bust international outreach effort to urge and help allies and partners of the United States to establish processes that parallel the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to screen foreign investments for national security risks and to facilitate coordination; (7) the President should lead a collaborative effort with allies and partners of the United States to strengthen the multilateral export con-trol regime to more effectively address the un-precedented industrial policies of certain coun-tries of special concern, including aggressive ef-forts to acquire United States technology, and the blending of civil and military programs; (8) any penalties imposed by the United States Government with respect to an individual or en-tity pursuant to a determination that the indi-vidual or entity has violated sanctions imposed by the United States or the export control laws of the United States should not be reversed for reasons unrelated to the national security of the United States; and (9) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States should continue to review transactions for the purpose of protecting na-tional security and should not consider issues of national interest absent a national security nexus. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONSIDERATION OF  C
OVERED TRANSACTIONS .—It is the sense of Con-gress that, when considering national security risks, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States may consider— (1) whether a transaction involves a country of special concern that has a demonstrated or declared strategic goal of acquiring a type of critical technology or critical infrastructure that would affect United States technological and in-dustrial leadership in areas related to national security; (2) the potential national security-related ef-fects of the cumulative market share of or a pat-tern of recent transactions in any one type of infrastructure, energy asset, critical material, or critical technology by foreign persons; (3) whether any foreign person that would ac-quire an interest in a United States business or its assets as a result of a transaction has a his-tory of complying with United States laws and regulations; (4) the extent to which a transaction is likely to expose, either directly or indirectly, person-ally identifiable information, genetic informa-tion, or other sensitive data of United States citizens to access by a foreign government or foreign person that may exploit that information in a manner that threatens national security; and (5) whether a transaction is likely to have the effect of exacerbating or creating new cyberse-curity vulnerabilities in the United States or is likely to result in a foreign government gaining a significant new capability to engage in mali-cious cyber-enabled activities against the United States, including such activities designed to af-fect the outcome of any election for Federal of-fice. 
SEC. 1703. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CCESS .—The term ‘access’ means the ability and opportunity to obtain information, subject to regulations prescribed by the Com-mittee. ‘‘(2) C
OMMITTEE ; CHAIRPERSON .—The terms ‘Committee’ and ‘chairperson’ mean the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States and the chairperson thereof, respectively. ‘‘(3) C
ONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power to determine, direct, or decide important matters affecting an entity, subject to regula-tions prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(4) COUNTRY OF SPECIAL CONCERN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘country of spe-cial concern’ means a country that poses a sig-nificant threat to the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This para-graph shall not be construed to require the Com-mittee to maintain a list of countries of special concern. ‘‘(5) C
OVERED TRANSACTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided, the term ‘covered transaction’ means— ‘‘(i) any transaction described in subpara-graph (B)(i); and ‘‘(ii) any transaction described in clauses (ii) through (v) of subparagraph (B) that is pro-posed, pending, or completed on or after the ef-fective date specified in section 1732(b)(1)(A) of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Moderniza-tion Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) T
RANSACTIONS DESCRIBED .—A trans- action described in this subparagraph is any of the following: ‘‘(i) Any merger, acquisition, or takeover that is proposed or pending after August 23, 1988, by or with any foreign person that could result in foreign control of any United States business. ‘‘(ii) Subject to subparagraph (C), the pur-chase or lease by a foreign person of, or a con-cession offered to a foreign person with respect to, private or public real estate that— ‘‘(I) is located in the United States; ‘‘(II)(aa) is, is located at, or will function as part of, a land, air, or maritime port; or ‘‘(bb)(AA) is in close proximity to a United States military installation or another facility or property of the United States Government that is sensitive for reasons relating to national secu-rity; ‘‘(BB) could reasonably provide the foreign person the ability to collect information on ac-tivities being conducted at such an installation, facility, or property; or ‘‘(CC) could otherwise expose national secu-rity activities at such an installation, facility, or property to the risk of foreign surveillance; and ‘‘(III) meets such other criteria as the Com-mittee prescribes by regulation, as long as such criteria do not expand the categories of real es-tate to which this clause applies beyond the cat-egories described in subclause (II). ‘‘(iii) Any other investment (other than a pas-sive investment) by a foreign person in any United States critical technology company or United States critical infrastructure company that is unaffiliated with the foreign person, sub-ject to regulations prescribed under subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(iv) Any change in the rights that a foreign person has with respect to a United States busi-ness in which the foreign person has an invest-ment, if that change could result in— ‘‘(I) foreign control of the United States busi-ness; or ‘‘(II) an investment described in clause (iii). ‘‘(v) Any other transaction, transfer, agree-ment, or arrangement the structure of which is designed or intended to evade or circumvent the application of this section, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(C) F
URTHER DEFINITION THROUGH REGULA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(i) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN REAL ESTATE  
TRANSACTIONS .—A real estate purchase or lease described in subparagraph (B)(ii) does not in-clude a lease or purchase of— ‘‘(I) a single ‘housing unit’, as defined by the Census Bureau; or ‘‘(II) real estate in ‘urbanized areas’, as de-fined by the Census Bureau in the most recent census, except as otherwise prescribed by the Committee in regulations in consultation with the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(ii) C
ERTAIN OTHER INVESTMENT .—The Com- mittee shall prescribe regulations further defin-ing covered transactions described in subpara-graph (B)(iii) by reference to the technology, sector, subsector, transaction type, or other characteristics of such transactions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4148 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(iii) E XEMPTION FOR TRANSACTIONS FROM  
IDENTIFIED COUNTRIES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall, by regulation, define circumstances and procedures under which a transaction otherwise described in clause (ii) or (iii) of subparagraph (B) is ex-cluded from the definition of ‘covered trans-action’ if each foreign person that is a party to the transaction, and each foreign person with ownership or control over a party to the trans-action, is from (as determined by the Committee pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Com-mittee), a country or part of a country identified by the Committee for purposes of this clause based on factors established by the Committee, such as— ‘‘(aa) whether, in the sole judgment of the Committee, the process of the country for re-viewing the national security effects of foreign investment and associated international co-operation effectively safeguards national secu-rity interests the country shares with the United States; ‘‘(bb) whether the country is a member coun-try of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization or is designated as a major non-NATO ally pursu-ant to section 517 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321k); ‘‘(cc) whether the country adheres to non-proliferation control regimes, including treaties and multilateral supply guidelines, which shall be informed by sources such as the annual re-port on ‘Adherence to and Compliance with Arms Control, Nonproliferation and Disar-mament Agreements and Commitments’ required by section 403 of the Arms Control and Disar-mament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593a); ‘‘(dd) whether excluding transactions by for-eign persons from the country advances the na-tional security objectives of the United States; and ‘‘(ee) any other factors that the Committee de-termines to be appropriate. ‘‘(II) R
ECURRING ASSESSMENT OF IDENTIFIED  
COUNTRIES .—The Committee shall reconsider on a regular basis the identification of countries and parts of countries under subclause (I). ‘‘(iv) E
XCEPTION FOR AIR CARRIERS .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (B)(iii), the term ‘other investment’ does not include an investment in-volving an air carrier, as defined in section 40102(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, that holds a certificate issued under section 41102 of that title. ‘‘(v) T
RANSFERS OF CERTAIN ASSETS PURSUANT  
TO BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS OR OTHER DE -
FAULTS .—The Committee shall prescribe regula-tions to clarify that the term ‘covered trans-action’ includes any transaction described in subparagraph (B) that arises pursuant to a bankruptcy proceeding or other form of default on debt. ‘‘(D) P
ASSIVE INVESTMENT DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (B)(iii), the term ‘passive investment’ means an investment, direct or indirect, by a foreign person in a United States critical infra-structure company or United States critical technology company that meets the following criteria: ‘‘(I) The investment is not described in sub-paragraph (B)(i). ‘‘(II) The investment does not afford the for-eign person— ‘‘(aa) access to any material nonpublic tech-nical information in the possession of the United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company; ‘‘(bb) membership or observer rights on the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the United States critical infrastructure com-pany or United States critical technology com-pany or the right to nominate an individual to a position on the board of directors or equiva-lent governing body; or ‘‘(cc) any involvement, other than through voting of shares, in substantive decisionmaking relating to the management, governance, or op-eration of the United States critical infrastruc-ture company or United States critical tech-nology company. ‘‘(III) The foreign person does not have a ma-terial parallel strategic partnership or other ma-terial financial relationship, as described in reg-ulations prescribed by the Committee, with the United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company. ‘‘(IV) Such other criteria as the Committee may prescribe by regulation, which shall be con-sistent with the criteria specified in subclauses (I), (II), and (III). ‘‘(ii) MATERIAL NONPUBLIC TECHNICAL INFOR -
MATION DEFINED .—For purposes of clause (i)(II)(aa), the term ‘material nonpublic tech-nical information’ has the meaning given that term in regulations prescribed by the Committee, except that the term does not include financial information regarding the performance of a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company. ‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF LEVEL OF OWNERSHIP INTER -
EST.— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A determination of whether an investment is a passive investment under clause (i) shall be made without regard to how low the level of ownership interest a foreign per-son would hold or acquire in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company would be as a re-sult of the investment. ‘‘(II) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may pre-scribe regulations specifying that any invest-ment (other than an investment described in item (bb)) greater than a certain level or amount shall not be considered a passive investment under clause (i). ‘‘(bb) I
NVESTMENT DESCRIBED .—An investment described in this item is an investment— ‘‘(AA) by a foreign person in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company through an investment fund; ‘‘(BB) that does not result in the foreign person’s control of the United States critical technology or United States critical infrastruc-ture company; and ‘‘(CC) that otherwise meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (iv), as applicable. ‘‘(iv) S
PECIFIC CLARIFICATION FOR INVESTMENT  
FUNDS .— ‘‘(I) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN INVESTMENTS AS  
PASSIVE INVESTMENTS .—Notwithstanding clause (i)(II)(bb) and subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee, an indirect investment by a foreign person in a United States critical infra-structure company or United States critical technology company through an investment fund that affords the foreign person (or a des-ignee of the foreign person) membership as a limited partner on an advisory board or a com-mittee of the fund shall be considered a passive investment if— ‘‘(aa) the fund is managed exclusively by a general partner, a managing member, or an equivalent; ‘‘(bb) the general partner, managing member, or equivalent is not a foreign person; ‘‘(cc) the advisory board or committee does not have the ability to approve, disapprove, or oth-erwise control— ‘‘(AA) investment decisions of the fund; or ‘‘(BB) decisions made by the general part-ner, managing member, or equivalent related to entities in which the fund is invested; ‘‘(dd) the foreign person does not otherwise have the ability to control the fund, including the authority— ‘‘(AA) to approve, disapprove, or otherwise control investment decisions of the fund; ‘‘(BB) to approve, disapprove, or otherwise control decisions made by the general partner, managing member, or equivalent related to enti-ties in which the fund is invested; or ‘‘(CC) to unilaterally dismiss, prevent the dismissal of, select, or determine the compensa-tion of the general partner, managing member, or equivalent; and ‘‘(ee) the investment otherwise meets the re-quirements of this subparagraph. ‘‘(II) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN WAIVERS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes of items (cc) and (dd) of subclause (I) and except as pro-vided in item (bb), a waiver of a potential con-flict of interest, a waiver of an allocation limita-tion, or a similar activity, applicable to a trans-action pursuant to the terms of an agreement governing an investment fund shall not be con-sidered to constitute control of investment deci-sions of the fund or decisions relating to entities in which the fund is invested. ‘‘(bb) E
XCEPTION .—The Committee may pre-scribe regulations providing for exceptions to item (aa) for extraordinary circumstances. ‘‘(v) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee shall pre-scribe regulations providing guidance on the types of transactions that the Committee con-siders to be passive investment. ‘‘(E) U
NITED STATES CRITICAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE COMPANY DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘United States critical in-frastructure company’ means a United States business that is, owns, operates, or primarily provides services to, an entity or entities that operate within a critical infrastructure sector or subsector, as defined by regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(F) U
NITED STATES CRITICAL TECHNOLOGY  
COMPANY DEFINED .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘United States critical tech-nology company’ means a United States busi-ness that produces, designs, tests, manufactures, or develops one or more critical technologies, or a subset of such technologies, as defined by reg-ulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(6) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘critical infrastructure’ means, subject to regula-tions prescribed by the Committee, systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the United States that the incapacity or destruc-tion of such systems or assets would have a de-bilitating impact on national security. ‘‘(7) C
RITICAL MATERIALS .—The term ‘critical materials’ means physical materials essential to national security, subject to regulations pre-scribed by the Committee. ‘‘(8) C
RITICAL TECHNOLOGIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘critical tech-nologies’ means technology, components, or technology items that are essential or could be essential to national security, identified for pur-poses of this section pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS .—The term ‘critical technologies’ includes the following: ‘‘(i) Defense articles or defense services in-cluded on the United States Munitions List set forth in the International Traffic in Arms Regu-lations under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(ii) Items included on the Commerce Control List set forth in Supplement No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Administration Regulations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, and controlled— ‘‘(I) pursuant to multilateral regimes, includ-ing for reasons relating to national security, chemical and biological weapons proliferation, nuclear nonproliferation, or missile technology; or ‘‘(II) for reasons relating to regional stability or surreptitious listening. ‘‘(iii) Specially designed and prepared nuclear equipment, parts and components, materials, software, and technology covered by part 810 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to assistance to foreign atomic energy activities). ‘‘(iv) Nuclear facilities, equipment, and mate-rial covered by part 110 of title 10, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (relating to export and import of nuclear equipment and material). ‘‘(v) Select agents and toxins covered by part 331 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, part 121 of title 9 of such Code, or part 73 of title 42 of such Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4149 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(vi) Emerging and foundational technologies identified pursuant to section 1725(a) of the For-eign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018. ‘‘(9) F
OREIGN GOVERNMENT -CONTROLLED  
TRANSACTION .—The term ‘foreign government- controlled transaction’ means any covered transaction that could result in the control of any United States business by a foreign govern-ment or an entity controlled by or acting on be-half of a foreign government. ‘‘(10) F
OREIGN PERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘foreign person’ means— ‘‘(i) any foreign national, foreign government, or foreign entity; or ‘‘(ii) any entity over which control is exercised or exercisable by a foreign national, foreign gov-ernment, or foreign entity. ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN ENTITY DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A) and except as provided in clause (ii), the term ‘foreign entity’ means any branch, partnership, group or subgroup, association, es-tate, trust, corporation or division of a corpora-tion, or organization organized under the laws of a foreign country if— ‘‘(I) the principal place of business of the enti-ty is outside the United States; or ‘‘(II) the equity securities of the entity are pri-marily traded on one or more foreign exchanges. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘foreign entity’ does not in-clude an entity that demonstrates to the Com-mittee that a majority of the equity interest in the entity is ultimately owned by United States nationals. ‘‘(11) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). ‘‘(12) I
NVESTMENT .—The term ‘investment’ means the acquisition of equity interest, includ-ing contingent equity interest, as further de-fined in regulations prescribed by the Com-mittee. ‘‘(13) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘lead agency’ means the agency or agencies designated as the lead agency or agencies pursuant to subsection (k)(5). ‘‘(14) N
ATIONAL SECURITY .—The term ‘na-tional security’ shall be construed so as to in-clude those issues relating to ‘homeland secu-rity’, including its application to critical infra-structure. ‘‘(15) P
ARTY.—The term ‘party’ has the mean-ing given that term in regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(16) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ means the several States, the District of Columbia, and any territory or possession of the United States. ‘‘(17) U
NITED STATES BUSINESS .—The term ‘United States business’ means a person engaged in interstate commerce in the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1704. ACCEPTANCE OF WRITTEN NOTICES. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C)(i) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)(i)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any party’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Any party’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) C
OMMENTS AND ACCEPTANCE .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to item (cc), the Committee shall provide comments on a draft or final written notice or accept a final written no-tice submitted under subclause (I) with respect to a covered transaction not later than the date that is 10 business days after the date of submis-sion of the draft or final notice. ‘‘(bb) C
OMPLETENESS .—If the Committee deter-mines that a draft or final written notice de-scribed in item (aa) is not complete, the Com-mittee shall notify the party or parties to the transaction in writing that the notice is not complete and provide an explanation of all ma-terial respects in which the notice is incomplete. ‘‘(cc) STIPULATIONS REQUIRED .—The timing re-quirement under item (aa) shall apply only in a case in which the parties stipulate under clause (vi) that the transaction is a covered trans-action.’’. 
SEC. 1705. INCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE AGREEMENTS IN NOTICE. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) I
NCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE  
AGREEMENTS .—A written notice submitted under clause (i) by a party to a covered transaction shall include a copy of any partnership agree-ments, integration agreements, or other side agreements relating to the transaction, includ-ing any such agreements relating to the transfer of intellectual property, as specified in regula-tions prescribed by the Committee.’’. 
SEC. 1706. DECLARATIONS FOR CERTAIN COV-ERED TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by section 1705, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) D
ECLARATIONS FOR CERTAIN COVERED  
TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A party to any covered transaction may submit to the Committee a dec-laration with basic information regarding the transaction instead of a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(II) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee shall pre-scribe regulations establishing requirements for declarations submitted under this clause. In pre-scribing such regulations, the Committee shall ensure that such declarations are submitted as abbreviated notifications that would not gen-erally exceed 5 pages in length. ‘‘(III) C
OMMITTEE RESPONSE TO DECLARA -
TION.— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a declara-tion under this clause with respect to a covered transaction, the Committee may, at the discre-tion of the Committee— ‘‘(AA) request that the parties to the trans-action file a written notice under clause (i); ‘‘(BB) inform the parties to the transaction that the Committee is not able to complete ac-tion under this section with respect to the trans-action on the basis of the declaration and that the parties may file a written notice under clause (i) to seek written notification from the Committee that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the transaction; ‘‘(CC) initiate a unilateral review of the transaction under subparagraph (D); or ‘‘(DD) notify the parties in writing that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the transaction. ‘‘(bb) T
IMING .—The Committee shall take ac-tion under item (aa) not later than 30 days after receiving a declaration under this clause. ‘‘(cc) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subclause (other than item (aa)(CC)) shall be construed to affect the authority of the Presi-dent or the Committee to take any action au-thorized by this section with respect to a covered transaction. ‘‘(IV) M
ANDATORY DECLARATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations specifying the types of cov-ered transactions for which the Committee re-quires a declaration under this subclause. ‘‘(bb) C
ERTAIN COVERED TRANSACTIONS WITH  
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT INTERESTS .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subitem (BB), the parties to a covered trans-action shall submit a declaration described in subclause (I) with respect to the transaction if the transaction involves an investment that re-sults in the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of a substantial interest in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company by a foreign person in which a foreign government has, directly or in-directly, a substantial interest. ‘‘(BB) EXCEPTION .—The submission of a declaration described in subclause (I) shall not be required with respect to a transaction de-scribed in subitem (AA) if each foreign person that is a party to the transaction, and each for-eign person with ownership or control over a party to the transaction, is from a country or part of a country identified by the Committee under subsection (a)(5)(C)(iii). ‘‘(CC) S
UBSTANTIAL INTEREST DEFINED .—In this item, the term ‘substantial interest’ has the meaning given that term in regulations which the Committee shall prescribe. In developing those regulations, the Committee shall consider the means by which a foreign government could influence the actions of a foreign person, in-cluding through board membership, ownership interest, or shareholder rights. An interest that is a passive investment (as defined in subsection (a)(5)(D)) or that is less than a 10 percent voting interest shall not be considered a substantial in-terest. ‘‘(cc) O
THER DECLARATIONS REQUIRED BY COM -
MITTEE .—The Committee shall require the sub-mission of a declaration described in subclause (I) with respect to any covered transaction iden-tified under regulations prescribed by the Com-mittee for purposes of this item, at the discretion of the Committee and based on appropriate fac-tors, such as— ‘‘(AA) the technology, industry, economic sector, or economic subsector in which the United States business that is a party to the transaction trades or of which it is a part; ‘‘(BB) the difficulty of remedying the harm to national security that may result from com-pletion of the transaction; ‘‘(CC) the difficulty of obtaining informa-tion on the type of covered transaction through other means; and ‘‘(DD) the difficulty of obtaining informa-tion on the ultimate ownership of the foreign person that is a party to the transaction. ‘‘(dd) E
XCEPTION .—The submission of a dec-laration described in subclause (I) shall not be required pursuant to this subclause with respect to an investment by an investment fund if— ‘‘(AA) the fund is managed exclusively by a general partner, a managing member, or an equivalent; ‘‘(BB) the general partner, managing mem-ber, or equivalent is not a foreign person; and ‘‘(CC) the investment fund satisfies, with re-spect to any foreign person with membership as a limited partner on an advisory board or a committee of the fund, the criteria specified in items (cc) and (dd) of subsection (a)(5)(D)(iv). ‘‘(ee) S
UBMISSION OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS AN  
ALTERNATIVE .—Parties to a covered transaction for which a declaration is required under this subclause may instead elect to submit a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(ff) T
IMING OF SUBMISSION .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—A declaration required to be submitted with respect to a covered trans-action by this subclause shall be submitted not later than 45 days before the completion of the transaction. ‘‘(BB) W
RITTEN NOTICE .—If, pursuant to item (ee), the parties to a covered transaction elect to submit a written notice under clause (i) instead of a declaration under this subclause, the written notice shall be filed not later than 90 days before the completion of the transaction. ‘‘(gg) P
ENALTIES .—The Committee may impose a penalty pursuant to subsection (h)(3) with re-spect to a party that fails to comply with this subclause.’’. 
SEC. 1707. STIPULATIONS REGARDING TRANS-ACTIONS. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by section 1706, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) S
TIPULATIONS REGARDING TRANS -
ACTIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4150 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—In a written notice sub-mitted under clause (i) or a declaration sub-mitted under clause (v) with respect to a trans-action, a party to the transaction may— ‘‘(aa) stipulate that the transaction is a cov-ered transaction; and ‘‘(bb) if the party stipulates that the trans-action is a covered transaction under item (aa), stipulate that the transaction is a foreign gov-ernment-controlled transaction. ‘‘(II) B
ASIS FOR STIPULATION .—A written no-tice submitted under clause (i) or a declaration submitted under clause (v) that includes a stipu-lation under subclause (I) shall include a de-scription of the basis for the stipulation.’’. 
SEC. 1708. AUTHORITY FOR UNILATERAL INITI-ATION OF REVIEWS. 
Section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (F) and (G), respectively; (2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’; (B) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘(other than a covered transaction described in subparagraph (E))’’ after ‘‘any covered transaction’’; (C) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) any covered transaction described in sub-paragraph (E), if any party to the transaction submitted false or misleading material informa-tion to the Committee in connection with the Committee’s consideration of the transaction or omitted material information, including material documents, from information submitted to the Committee; or’’; and (D) in clause (iii)— (i) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘any covered transaction that has pre-viously been reviewed or investigated under this section,’’ and inserting ‘‘any covered trans-action described in subparagraph (E),’’; (ii) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘inten-tionally’’; (iii) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘an inten-tional’’ and inserting ‘‘a’’; and (iv) in subclause (III), by inserting ‘‘adequate and appropriate’’ before ‘‘remedies or enforce-ment tools’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) C
OVERED TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED .—A covered transaction is described in this subpara-graph if— ‘‘(i) the Committee has informed the parties to the transaction in writing that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the transaction; or ‘‘(ii) the President has announced a decision not to exercise the President’s authority under subsection (d) with respect to the transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1709. TIMING FOR REVIEWS AND INVESTIGA-TIONS. 
Section 721(b) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)), as amended by sec-tion 1708, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(F), by striking ‘‘30’’ and inserting ‘‘45’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) T
IMING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), any investigation under subpara-graph (A) shall be completed before the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the investigation commenced. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION FOR EXTRAORDINARY CIR -
CUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In extraordinary cir-cumstances (as defined by the Committee in reg-ulations), the chairperson may, at the request of the head of the lead agency, extend an inves-tigation under subparagraph (A) for one 30-day period. ‘‘(II) N
ONDELEGATION .—The authority of the chairperson and the head of the lead agency re-ferred to in subclause (I) may not be delegated to any person other than the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury or the deputy head (or equiva-lent thereof) of the lead agency, as the case may be. ‘‘(III) NOTIFICATION TO PARTIES .—If the Com-mittee extends the deadline under subclause (I) with respect to a covered transaction, the Com-mittee shall notify the parties to the transaction of the extension.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) T
OLLING OF DEADLINES DURING LAPSE IN  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Any deadline or time limita-tion under this subsection shall be tolled during a lapse in appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 1710. MONITORING OF NON-NOTIFIED AND NON-DECLARED TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)), as amended by sections 1708 and 1709, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) M
ONITORING OF NON -NOTIFIED AND NON - 
DECLARED TRANSACTIONS .—The Committee shall establish a mechanism to identify covered trans-actions for which— ‘‘(i) a notice under clause (i) of subparagraph (C) or a declaration under clause (v) of that subparagraph is not submitted to the Committee; and ‘‘(ii) information is reasonably available.’’. 
SEC. 1711. SUBMISSION OF CERTIFICATIONS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 721(b)(3)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(3)(C)) is amend-ed— (1) in clause (iii)— (A) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘and the Select Committee on Intelligence’’ after ‘‘Urban Affairs’’; and (B) in subclause (IV), by inserting ‘‘and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence’’ after ‘‘Financial Services’’; (2) in clause (iv), by striking subclause (II) and inserting the following: ‘‘(II) D
ELEGATION OF CERTIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to item (bb), the chairperson, in consultation with the Com-mittee, may determine the level of official to whom the signature requirement under sub-clause (I) for the chairperson and the head of the lead agency may be delegated. The level of official to whom the signature requirement may be delegated may differ based on any factor re-lating to a transaction that the chairperson, in consultation with the Committee, deems appro-priate, including the type or value of the trans-action. ‘‘(bb) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION WITH RE -
SPECT TO CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS .—The signa-ture requirement under subclause (I) may be delegated not below the level of the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury or an equivalent offi-cial of the lead agency in the case of a covered transaction— ‘‘(AA) assessed by the Director of National Intelligence under paragraph (4) as more likely than not to threaten the national security of the United States; ‘‘(BB) with respect to which the Committee conducts an investigation under paragraph (2); or ‘‘(CC) with respect to which a request is made by an official at the Deputy Assistant Sec-retary or Assistant Secretary level of an agency or department represented on the Committee, or an equivalent thereof, that the transaction be reviewed by the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and an equivalent official of the lead agency. ‘‘(cc) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION WITH RE -
SPECT TO OTHER TRANSACTIONS .—In the case of any covered transaction not described in item (bb), the signature requirement under subclause (I) may be delegated not below the level of a Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury or an equivalent official of the lead agency.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) AUTHORITY TO CONSOLIDATE DOCU -
MENTS .—Instead of transmitting a separate cer-tified notice or certified report under subpara-graph (A) or (B) with respect to each covered transaction, the Committee may, on a monthly basis, transmit such notices and reports in a consolidated document to the Members of Con-gress specified in clause (iii).’’. 
SEC. 1712. ANALYSIS BY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE. 
Section 721(b)(4) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) A
NALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Director of National Intel-ligence shall expeditiously carry out a thorough analysis of any threat to the national security of the United States posed by any covered trans-action, which shall include the identification of any recognized gaps in the collection of intel-ligence relevant to the analysis. ‘‘(ii) V
IEWS OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .— The Director shall seek and incorporate into the analysis required by clause (i) the views of all affected or appropriate agencies of the intel-ligence community with respect to the trans-action. ‘‘(iii) U
PDATES .—At the request of the lead agency, the Director shall update the analysis conducted under clause (i) with respect to a cov-ered transaction with respect to which an agree-ment was entered into under subsection (l)(3)(A). ‘‘(iv) I
NDEPENDENCE AND OBJECTIVITY .—The Committee shall ensure that its processes under this section preserve the ability of the Director to conduct analysis under clause (i) that is independent, objective, and consistent with all applicable directives, policies, and analytic tradecraft standards of the intelligence commu-nity.’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) as subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E), re-spectively; (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) B
ASIC THREAT INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of National Intelligence may provide the Committee with basic information regarding any threat to the national security of the United States posed by a covered transaction described in clause (ii) in-stead of conducting the analysis required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) C
OVERED TRANSACTION DESCRIBED .—A covered transaction is described in this clause if— ‘‘(I) the transaction is described in subsection (a)(5)(B)(ii); ‘‘(II) the Director of National Intelligence has completed an analysis pursuant to subpara-graph (A) involving each foreign person that is a party to the transaction during the 12 months preceding the review or investigation of the transaction under this section; or ‘‘(III) the transaction otherwise meets criteria agreed upon by the Committee and the Director for purposes of this subparagraph.’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A
SSESSMENT OF OPERATIONAL IMPACT .— The Director may provide to the Committee an assessment, separate from the analyses under subparagraphs (A) and (B), of any operational impact of a covered transaction on the intel-ligence community and a description of any ac-tions that have been or will be taken to mitigate any such impact. ‘‘(G) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Com-mittee shall submit the analysis required by sub-paragraph (A) with respect to a covered trans-action to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4151 June 19, 2018 
upon the conclusion of action under this section (other than compliance plans under subsection (l)(6)) with respect to the transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1713. INFORMATION SHARING. 
Section 721(c) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any information’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), any information’’; (2) by striking ‘‘, except as may be relevant’’ and all that follows and inserting a period; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not prohibit the disclosure of the following: ‘‘(A) Information relevant to any administra-tive or judicial action or proceeding. ‘‘(B) Information to Congress or any duly au-thorized committee or subcommittee of Congress. ‘‘(C) Information to any domestic or foreign governmental entity, under the direction of the chairperson, to the extent necessary for national security purposes and pursuant to appropriate confidentiality and classification arrangements. ‘‘(D) Information that the parties have con-sented to be disclosed to third parties. ‘‘(3) C
OOPERATION WITH ALLIES AND PART -
NERS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The chairperson, in con-sultation with other members of the Committee, should establish a formal process for the ex-change of information under paragraph (2)(C) with governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States, in the discretion of the chairperson, to protect the national secu-rity of the United States and those countries. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The process established under subparagraph (A) should, in the discre-tion of the chairperson— ‘‘(i) be designed to facilitate the harmoni-zation of action with respect to trends in invest-ment and technology that could pose risks to the national security of the United States and coun-tries that are allies or partners of the United States; ‘‘(ii) provide for the sharing of information with respect to specific technologies and entities acquiring such technologies as appropriate to ensure national security; and ‘‘(iii) include consultations and meetings with representatives of the governments of such countries on a recurring basis.’’. 
SEC. 1714. ACTION BY THE PRESIDENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 721(d) of the De-fense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(d)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (4), the President may, with respect to a covered transaction that threatens to impair the na-tional security of the United States, take such action for such time as the President considers appropriate to suspend or prohibit the trans-action or to require divestment.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘not later than 15 days’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘with respect to a covered trans-action not later than 15 days after the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which the investigation of the transaction under subsection (b) is com-pleted; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the Committee other-wise refers the transaction to the President under subsection (l)(2).’’. (b) C
IVILPENALTIES .—Section 721(h)(3)(A) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(h)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘including any mitigation’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘including any mitigation agreement entered into, conditions imposed, or order issued pursuant to this sec-tion’’. 
SEC. 1715. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
Section 721(e) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The actions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The actions’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
IVIL ACTIONS .—A civil action chal-lenging an action or finding of the Committee under this section may be brought only in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES FOR REVIEW OF PRIVILEGED  
INFORMATION .—If a civil action challenging an action or finding of the Committee under this section is brought, and the court determines that protected information in the administrative record, including classified, sensitive law en-forcement, sensitive security, or other informa-tion subject to privilege or protections under any provision of law, is necessary to resolve the challenge, that information shall be submitted ex parte and in camera to the court and the court shall maintain that information under seal. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY OF USE OF INFORMATION  
PROVISIONS .—The use of information provisions of sections 106, 305, 405, and 706 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1806, 1825, 1845, and 1881e) shall not apply in a civil action brought under this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 1716. MEMBERSHIP AND STAFF OF COM-MITTEE. 
(a) H IRING AUTHORITY .—Section 721(k) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(k)) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) H
IRING AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) S
ENIOR OFFICIALS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of the Com-mittee shall designate an Assistant Secretary, or an equivalent official, who is appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to carry out such duties related to the Committee as the member of the Committee may delegate. ‘‘(ii) D
EPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY .—In ad- dition to officials of the Department of the Treasury authorized under section 301 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, there are authorized at the Department of the Treasury, to carry out such duties related to the Committee as the Secretary of the Treasury may delegate, consistent with this section and reflecting the expanded authorities of the Com-mittee and the role of the Department of the Treasury in implementing those authorities under the amendments made by the Foreign In-vestment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, the following: ‘‘(I) One official, who is appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(II) One official, who is appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5315 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY .—The heads of the departments and agencies represented on the Committee may appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3318 of title 5, United States Code, candidates directly to positions in the competitive service (as de-fined in section 2102 of that title) in their respec-tive departments and agencies to administer this section.’’. (b) P
ROCEDURES FOR RECUSAL OF MEMBERS OF  C
OMMITTEE FOR CONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States shall— (1) establish procedures for the recusal of any member of the Committee that has a conflict of interest with respect to a covered transaction (as defined in section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703); (2) submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report describing those procedures; and (3) brief the committees specified in paragraph (1) on the report required by paragraph (2). SEC. 1717. ACTIONS BY THE COMMITTEE TO AD-DRESS NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS. 
Section 721(l) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(l)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘M
ITIGATION , T RACKING , AND P
OSTCONSUMMATION MONITORING AND ENFORCE -
MENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTIONS BY THE COM-
MITTEE TO ADDRESS NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (3), (5), and (6), respectively; (3) by inserting before paragraph (3), as redes-ignated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(1) S
USPENSION OF TRANSACTIONS .—The Com- mittee, acting through the chairperson, may suspend a proposed or pending covered trans-action that may pose a risk to the national secu-rity of the United States for such time as the covered transaction is under review or investiga-tion under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) R
EFERRAL TO PRESIDENT .—The Committee may, at any time during the review or investiga-tion of a covered transaction under subsection (b), complete the action of the Committee with respect to the transaction and refer the trans-action to the President for action pursuant to subsection (d).’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by para-graph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ‘‘I
N GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘A GREEMENTS AND  
CONDITIONS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘The Committee’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘threat’’ and inserting ‘‘risk’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) A
BANDONMENT OF TRANSACTIONS .—If a party to a covered transaction has voluntarily chosen to abandon the transaction, the Com-mittee or lead agency, as the case may be, may negotiate, enter into or impose, and enforce any agreement or condition with any party to the covered transaction for purposes of effectuating such abandonment and mitigating any risk to the national security of the United States that arises as a result of the covered transaction. ‘‘(iii) A
GREEMENTS AND CONDITIONS RELATING  
TO COMPLETED TRANSACTIONS .—The Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, may nego-tiate, enter into or impose, and enforce any agreement or condition with any party to a com-pleted covered transaction in order to mitigate any interim risk to the national security of the United States that may arise as a result of the covered transaction until such time that the Committee has completed action pursuant to subsection (b) or the President has taken action pursuant to subsection (d) with respect to the transaction.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—An agreement may not be entered into or condition imposed under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to a covered trans-action unless the Committee determines that the agreement or condition resolves the national se-curity concerns posed by the transaction, taking into consideration whether the agreement or condition is reasonably calculated to— ‘‘(i) be effective; ‘‘(ii) allow for compliance with the terms of the agreement or condition in an appropriately verifiable way; and ‘‘(iii) enable effective monitoring of compli-ance with and enforcement of the terms of the agreement or condition. ‘‘(C) J
URISDICTION .—The provisions of section 706(b) shall apply to any mitigation agreement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4152 June 19, 2018 
entered into or condition imposed under sub-paragraph (A).’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (3), as redes-ignated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(4) R
ISK-BASED ANALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any determination of the Committee to suspend a covered transaction under paragraph (1), to refer a covered trans-action to the President under paragraph (2), or to negotiate, enter into or impose, or enforce any agreement or condition under paragraph (3)(A) with respect to a covered transaction, shall be based on a risk-based analysis, con-ducted by the Committee, of the effects on the national security of the United States of the covered transaction, which shall include an as-sessment of the threat, vulnerabilities, and con-sequences to national security related to the transaction. ‘‘(B) A
CTIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE COM -
MITTEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any member of the Com-mittee who concludes that a covered transaction poses an unresolved national security concern shall recommend to the Committee that the Com-mittee suspend the transaction under paragraph (1), refer the transaction to the President under paragraph (2), or negotiate, enter into or im-pose, or enforce any agreement or condition under paragraph (3)(A) with respect to the transaction. In making that recommendation, the member shall propose or contribute to the risk-based analysis required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) F
AILURE TO REACH CONSENSUS .—If the Committee fails to reach consensus with respect to a recommendation under clause (i) regarding a covered transaction, the members of the Com-mittee who support an alternative recommenda-tion shall produce— ‘‘(I) a written statement justifying the alter-native recommendation; and ‘‘(II) as appropriate, a risk-based analysis that supports the alternative recommendation. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the terms ‘threat’, ‘vulnerabilities’, and ‘consequences to national security’ shall have the meanings given those terms by the Committee by regulation.’’; (6) in paragraph (5)(B), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(as defined in the National Security Act of 1947)’’; and (7) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by para-graph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence and insert-ing the following: ‘‘The lead agency may, at its discretion, seek and receive the assistance of other departments or agencies in carrying out the purposes of this paragraph.’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘
DESIGNATED AGENCY ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The lead agency in con-nection’’ and inserting ‘‘
DESIGNATED AGENCY .— The lead agency in connection’’; (ii) by striking clause (ii); and (iii) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the left; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE PLANS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a covered transaction with respect to which an agreement is entered into under paragraph (3)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, shall formulate, adhere to, and keep updated a plan for monitoring compliance with the agree-ment. ‘‘(ii) E
LEMENTS .—Each plan required by clause (i) with respect to an agreement entered into under paragraph (3)(A) shall include an ex-planation of— ‘‘(I) which member of the Committee will have primary responsibility for monitoring compli-ance with the agreement; ‘‘(II) how compliance with the agreement will be monitored; ‘‘(III) how frequently compliance reviews will be conducted; ‘‘(IV) whether an independent entity will be utilized under subparagraph (E) to conduct compliance reviews; and ‘‘(V) what actions will be taken if the parties fail to cooperate regarding monitoring compli-ance with the agreement. ‘‘(D) EFFECT OF LACK OF COMPLIANCE .—If, at any time after a mitigation agreement or condi-tion is entered into or imposed under paragraph (3)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, determines that a party or parties to the agreement or condition are not in compli-ance with the terms of the agreement or condi-tion, the Committee or lead agency may, in ad-dition to the authority of the Committee to im-pose penalties pursuant to subsection (h)(3) and to unilaterally initiate a review of any covered transaction under subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii)— ‘‘(i) negotiate a plan of action for the party or parties to remediate the lack of compliance, with failure to abide by the plan or otherwise reme-diate the lack of compliance serving as the basis for the Committee to find a material breach of the agreement or condition; ‘‘(ii) require that the party or parties submit a written notice under clause (i) of subsection (b)(1)(C) or a declaration under clause (v) of that subsection with respect to a covered trans-action initiated after the date of the determina-tion of noncompliance and before the date that is 5 years after the date of the determination to the Committee to initiate a review of the trans-action under subsection (b); or ‘‘(iii) seek injunctive relief. ‘‘(E) U
SE OF INDEPENDENT ENTITIES TO MON -
ITOR COMPLIANCE .—If the parties to an agree-ment entered into under paragraph (3)(A) enter into a contract with an independent entity from outside the United States Government for the purpose of monitoring compliance with the agreement, the Committee shall take such action as is necessary to prevent a conflict of interest from arising by ensuring that the independent entity owes no fiduciary duty to the parties. ‘‘(F) S
UCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS .—Any agree-ment or condition entered into or imposed under paragraph (3)(A) shall be considered binding on all successors and assigns unless and until the agreement or condition terminates on its own terms or is otherwise terminated by the Com-mittee in its sole discretion. ‘‘(G) A
DDITIONAL COMPLIANCE MEASURES .— Subject to subparagraphs (A) through (F), the Committee shall develop and agree upon meth-ods for evaluating compliance with any agree-ment entered into or condition imposed with re-spect to a covered transaction that will allow the Committee to adequately ensure compliance without unnecessarily diverting Committee re-sources from assessing any new covered trans-action for which a written notice under clause (i) of subsection (b)(1)(C) or declaration under clause (v) of that subsection has been filed, and if necessary, reaching a mitigation agreement with or imposing a condition on a party to such covered transaction or any covered transaction for which a review has been reopened for any reason.’’. 
SEC. 1718. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT AND OTHER REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT .—Sec- tion 721(m) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(m)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) A list of all notices filed and all reviews or investigations of covered transactions com-pleted during the period, with— ‘‘(i) a description of the outcome of each re-view or investigation, including whether an agreement was entered into or condition was im-posed under subsection (l)(3)(A) with respect to the transaction being reviewed or investigated, and whether the President took any action under this section with respect to that trans-action; ‘‘(ii) basic information on each party to each such transaction; ‘‘(iii) the nature of the business activities or products of the United States business with which the transaction was entered into or in-tended to be entered into; and ‘‘(iv) information about any withdrawal from the process.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) Statistics on compliance plans conducted and actions taken by the Committee under sub-section (l)(6), including subparagraph (D) of that subsection, during that period, a general assessment of the compliance of parties with agreements entered into and conditions imposed under subsection (l)(3)(A) that are in effect dur-ing that period, including a description of any actions taken by the Committee to impose pen-alties or initiate a unilateral review pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii), and any recommenda-tions for improving the enforcement of such agreements and conditions. ‘‘(H) Cumulative and, as appropriate, trend information on the number of declarations filed under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v), the actions taken by the Committee in response to those declara-tions, the business sectors involved in those dec-larations, and the countries involved in those declarations. ‘‘(I) A description of— ‘‘(i) the methods used by the Committee to monitor non-notified and non-declared trans-actions under subsection (b)(1)(H); ‘‘(ii) potential methods to improve such moni-toring and the resources required to do so; and ‘‘(iii) the number of transactions identified through the mechanism established under that subsection during the reporting period and the number of such transactions flagged for further review.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In order to assist’’ and inserting ‘‘
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES .—In order to assist’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (B); and (C) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the left; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) F
ORM OF REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—All appropriate portions of the annual report under paragraph (1) may be classified. An unclassified version of the report, as appropriate, consistent with safeguarding national security and privacy, shall be made available to the public. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS IN UNCLASSIFIED VERSION .— The unclassified version of the report required under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to covered transactions for the reporting pe-riod— ‘‘(i) the number of notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i); ‘‘(ii) the number of declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) and the number of such declarations that were required under sub-clause (IV) of that subsection; ‘‘(iii) the number of declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) for which the Com-mittee required resubmission as notices under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i); ‘‘(iv) the average number of days that elapsed between submission of a declaration under sub-section (b)(1)(C)(v) and the acceptance of the declaration by the Committee; ‘‘(v) information on the time it took the Com-mittee to provide comments on, or to accept, no-tices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), in-cluding— ‘‘(I) the average number of business days that elapsed between the date of submission of a draft notice and the date on which the Com-mittee provided written comments on the draft notice; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4153 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(II) the average number of business days that elapsed between the date of submission of a final notice and the date on which the Com-mittee accepted or provided written comments on the final notice; and ‘‘(III) if the average number of business days for a response by the Committee reported under subclause (I) or (II) exceeded 10 business days— ‘‘(aa) an explanation of the causes of such delays, including whether such delays are caused by resource shortages, unusual fluctua-tions in the volume of notices, transaction char-acteristics, or other factors; and ‘‘(bb) an explanation of the steps that the Committee anticipates taking to mitigate the causes of such delays and otherwise to improve the ability of the Committee to provide comments on, or to accept, notices within 10 business days; ‘‘(vi) the number of reviews or investigations conducted under subsection (b); ‘‘(vii) the number of investigations that were subject to an extension under subsection (b)(2)(C)(ii); ‘‘(viii) information on the duration of those reviews and investigations, including the aver-age number of days required to complete those reviews and investigations; ‘‘(ix) the number of notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i) and declarations sub-mitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) that were rejected by the Committee; ‘‘(x) the number of such notices and declara-tions that were withdrawn by a party to the covered transaction; ‘‘(xi) the number of such withdrawals that were followed by the submission of a subsequent such notice or declaration relating to a substan-tially similar covered transaction; and ‘‘(xii) such other specific, cumulative, or trend information that the Committee determines is advisable to provide for an assessment of the time required for reviews and investigations of covered transactions under this section.’’. (b) R
EPORT ON CHINESE INVESTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter through 2026, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to Congress and the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States a report on foreign direct investment transactions made by entities of the People’s Re-public of China in the United States. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) Total foreign direct investment from the People’s Republic of China in the United States, including total foreign direct investment disaggregated by ultimate beneficial owner. (B) A breakdown of investments from the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in the United States by value using the following categories: (i) Less than $50,000,000. (ii) Greater than or equal to $50,000,000 and less than $100,000,000. (iii) Greater than or equal to $100,000,000 and less than $1,000,000,000. (iv) Greater than or equal to $1,000,000,000 and less than $2,000,000,000. (v) Greater than or equal to $2,000,000,000 and less than $5,000,000,000. (vi) Greater than or equal to $5,000,000,000. (C) A breakdown of investments from the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in the United States by 2-digit North American Industry Classification System code. (D) A breakdown of investments from the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in the United States by investment type, using the following categories: (i) Businesses established. (ii) Businesses acquired. (E) A breakdown of investments from the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in the United States by government and non-government investments, including volume, sector, and type of investment within each category. (F) A list of companies incorporated in the United States purchased through government investment by the People’s Republic of China. (G) The number of United States affiliates of entities under the jurisdiction of the People’s Republic of China, the total employees at those affiliates, and the valuation for any publicly traded United States affiliate of such an entity. (H) An analysis of patterns in the investments described in subparagraphs (A) through (F), in-cluding in volume, type, and sector, and the ex-tent to which those patterns of investments align with the objectives outlined by the Gov-ernment of the People’s Republic of China in its Made in China 2025 plan, including a compara-tive analysis of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States and all foreign direct investment in the United States. (I) An identification of any limitations on the ability of the Secretary of Commerce to collect comprehensive information that is reasonably and lawfully available about foreign investment in the United States from the People’s Republic of China on a timeline necessary to complete re-ports every 2 years as required by paragraph (1), including— (i) an identification of any discrepancies be-tween government and private sector estimates of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States; (ii) a description of the different methodolo-gies or data collection methods, including by private sector entities, used to measure foreign investment that may result in different esti-mates; and (iii) recommendations for enhancing the abil-ity of the Secretary of Commerce to improve data collection of information about foreign in-vestment in the United States from the People’s Republic of China. (3) EXTENSION OF DEADLINE .—If, as a result of a limitation identified under paragraph (2)(I), the Secretary of Commerce determines that the Secretary will be unable to submit a report at the time required by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may request additional time to complete the report. (c) R
EPORT ON CERTAIN INVESTMENTS BY  S
TATE-OWNED OR STATE-CONTROLLED ENTI-
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, an appro-priate member or members of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall, in coordination with the chairperson of the Committee, submit to Congress a report assess-ing— (A) national security threats related to invest-ments in the United States by state-owned or state-controlled entities in the manufacture or assembly of rolling stock or other assets for use in freight rail, public transportation, or inter-city passenger rail systems, including the con-struction of new facilities; (B) how the number and types of such invest-ments could affect any such threats; and (C) the authority and ability of the Committee to respond to such threats. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The member or members of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States preparing the report required by paragraph (1) shall consult with the Secretary of Transportation and the head of any agency that is not represented on the Committee that has significant technical expertise related to the assessments required by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1719. CERTIFICATION OF NOTICES AND IN-FORMATION. 
Section 721(n) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(n)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘Each notice’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each notice’’; (3) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(B)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (6)(B)’’; (4) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’; (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO SUBMIT .—The Committee may not complete a review under this section of a covered transaction and may rec-ommend to the President that the President sus-pend or prohibit the transaction or require di-vestment under subsection (d) if the Committee determines that a party to the transaction has— ‘‘(A) failed to submit a statement required by paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) included false or misleading information in a notice or information described in para-graph (1) or omitted material information from such notice or information. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF LAW ON FRAUD AND  
FALSE STATEMENTS .—The Committee shall pre-scribe regulations expressly providing for the application of section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, to all information provided to the Committee under this section by any party to a covered transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1720. IMPLEMENTATION PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Invest-ment in the United States and the Secretary of Commerce shall, in consultation with the appro-priate members of the Committee— (1) develop plans to implement this title; and (2) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the plans developed under paragraph (1), which shall include a de-scription of— (A) the timeline and process to implement the provisions of, and amendments made by, this title; (B) any additional staff necessary to imple-ment the plans; and (C) the resources required to effectively imple-ment the plans. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1721. ASSESSMENT OF NEED FOR ADDI-TIONAL RESOURCES FOR COM-MITTEE. 
The President shall— (1) determine whether and to what extent the expansion of the responsibilities of the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States pursuant to the amendments made by this title necessitates additional resources for the Committee and the departments and agencies represented on the Committee to perform their functions under section 721 of the Defense Pro-duction Act of 1950, as amended by this title; and (2) if the President determines that additional resources are necessary, include in the budget of the President for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter submitted to Congress under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a re-quest for such additional resources. 
SEC. 1722. FUNDING. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF FUND .—There is es-tablished in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States Fund’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Fund’), to be ad-ministered by the chairperson. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATION OF FUNDS FOR THE COM -
MITTEE .—There are authorized to be appro-priated to the Fund such sums as may be nec-essary to perform the functions of the Com-mittee. ‘‘(3) F
ILING FEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may assess and collect a fee in an amount determined by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4154 June 19, 2018 
the Committee in regulations, to the extent pro-vided in advance in appropriations Acts, with-out regard to section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, and subject to subparagraph (B), with respect to each covered transaction for which a written notice is submitted to the Com-mittee under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i). The total amount of fees collected under this paragraph may not exceed the costs of administering this section. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF FEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In determining the amount of the fee to be assessed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction, the Com-mittee shall base the amount of the fee on the value of the transaction, taking into consider-ation— ‘‘(I) the effect of the fee on small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); ‘‘(II) the expenses of the Committee associated with conducting activities under this section; ‘‘(III) the effect of the fee on foreign invest-ment; and ‘‘(IV) such other matters as the Committee considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) P
RIORITIZATION FEE .—The Committee may establish a fee or fee scale to prioritize the timing of the response of the Committee to a draft or final written notice during the period before the Committee accepts the final written notice under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), in the event that the Committee is unable to respond during the time required by subclause (II) of that sub-section because of an unusually large influx of notices, or for other reasons. ‘‘(iii) U
PDATES .—The Committee shall periodi-cally reconsider and adjust the amount of the fee to be assessed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction to ensure that the amount of the fee does not exceed the costs of administering this section and otherwise re-mains appropriate. ‘‘(C) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .— Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, fees collected under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) be deposited into the Fund solely for use in carrying out activities under this section; ‘‘(ii) to the extent and in the amounts pro-vided in advance in appropriations Acts, be available to the chairperson; ‘‘(iii) remain available until expended; and ‘‘(iv) be in addition to any appropriations made available to the members of the Committee. ‘‘(4) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—To the extent pro-vided in advance in appropriations Acts, the chairperson may transfer any amounts in the Fund to any other department or agency rep-resented on the Committee for the purpose of ad-dressing emerging needs in carrying out activi-ties under this section. Amounts so transferred shall be in addition to any other amounts avail-able to that department or agency for that pur-pose.’’. 
SEC. 1723. CENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COM-MITTEE FUNCTIONS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 1722, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) C
ENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COMMITTEE  F
UNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The chairperson, in con-sultation with the Committee, may centralize certain functions of the Committee within the Department of the Treasury for the purpose of enhancing interagency coordination and col-laboration in carrying out the functions of the Committee under this section. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—Functions that may be cen-tralized under paragraph (1) include monitoring non-notified and non-declared transactions pur-suant to subsection (b)(1)(H), and other func-tions as determined by the chairperson and the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the au-thority of any department or agency represented on the Committee to represent its own interests before the Committee.’’. SEC. 1724. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by this title, is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(D)(iii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (l)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)(3)(A)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘that threat’’ and inserting ‘‘the risk’’; (2) in subsection (d)(4)(A), by striking ‘‘the foreign interest exercising control’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a foreign person that would acquire an in-terest in a United States business or its assets as a result of the covered transaction’’; and (3) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘merger, ac-quisition, or takeover’’ and inserting ‘‘trans-action’’. 
SEC. 1725. REQUIREMENTS TO IDENTIFY AND CONTROL THE EXPORT OF EMERG-ING AND FOUNDATIONAL TECH-NOLOGIES. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF TECHNOLOGIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall establish and, in coordination with the Secretary of Com-merce, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, lead, a regular, ongoing interagency process to identify emerging and foundational technologies that— (A) are essential to the national security of the United States; and (B) are not critical technologies described in clauses (i) through (v) of section 721(a)(8)(B) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. (2) P
ROCESS .—The interagency process estab-lished under subsection (a) shall— (A) be informed by multiple sources of infor-mation, including— (i) publicly available information; (ii) classified information, including relevant information provided by the Director of Na-tional Intelligence; (iii) information relating to reviews and inves-tigations of transactions by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565); and (iv) information provided by the advisory com-mittees established by the Secretary of Com-merce to advise the Under Secretary of Com-merce for Industry and Security on controls under the Export Administration Regulations, including the Emerging Technology and Re-search Advisory Committee; (B) take into account— (i) the development of emerging and foundational technologies in foreign countries; (ii) the effect export controls imposed pursu-ant to this section may have on the development of such technologies in the United States; and (iii) the effectiveness of export controls im-posed pursuant to this section on limiting the proliferation of emerging and foundational tech-nologies to foreign countries; and (C) include a notice and comment period. (b) C
OMMERCE CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce shall establish appropriate controls under the Export Administration Regulations on the ex-port, reexport, or in-country transfer of tech-nology identified pursuant to subsection (a), in-cluding by prescribing additional regulations. (2) L
EVELS OF CONTROL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce may, in coordination with the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, specify the level of control to apply under paragraph (1) with respect to the export of technology de-scribed in that paragraph, including a require-ment for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of that technology. (B) CONSIDERATIONS .—In determining under subparagraph (A) the level of control appro-priate for technology described in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Commerce shall take into ac-count— (i) lists of countries to which exports from the United States are restricted; and (ii) the potential end uses and end users of the technology. (C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—At a minimum, except as provided by paragraph (4), the Sec-retary of Commerce shall require a license for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology described in paragraph (1) to or in a country subject to an embargo, including an arms embargo, imposed by the United States. (3) R
EVIEW OF LICENSE APPLICATIONS .— (A) P
ROCEDURES .—The procedures set forth in Executive Order 12981 (50 U.S.C. 4603 note; re-lating to administration of export controls) or a successor order shall apply to the review of an application for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology described in paragraph (1). (B) C
ONSIDERATION OF INFORMATION RELATING  
TO NATIONAL SECURITY .—In reviewing an appli-cation for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Commerce shall take into account in-formation provided by the Director of National Intelligence regarding any threat to the na-tional security of the United States posed by the proposed export, reexport, or transfer. The Di-rector of National Intelligence shall provide such information on the request of the Secretary of Commerce. (C) D
ISCLOSURES RELATING TO COLLABORATIVE  
ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of an application for a license or other authorization for the ex-port, reexport, or in-country transfer of tech-nology described in paragraph (1) submitted by or on behalf of a joint venture, joint develop-ment agreement, or similar collaborative ar-rangement, the Secretary of Commerce may re-quire the applicant to identify, in addition to any foreign person participating in the arrange-ment, any foreign person with significant own-ership interest in a foreign person participating in the arrangement. (4) E
XCEPTIONS .— (A) M
ANDATORY EXCEPTIONS .—The Secretary of Commerce may not control under this sub-section the export of any technology— (i) described in section 203(b) of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(b)); or (ii) if the regulation of the export of that tech-nology is prohibited under any other provision of law. (B) R
EGULATORY EXCEPTIONS .—In prescribing regulations under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Commerce may include regulatory exceptions to the requirements of that paragraph. (C) A
DDITIONAL EXCEPTIONS .—The Secretary of Commerce shall not be required to impose under paragraph (1) a requirement for a license or other authorization with respect to the ex-port, reexport, or in-country transfer of tech-nology described in paragraph (1) pursuant to any of the following transactions: (i) The sale or license of a finished item and the provision of associated technology if the United States person that is a party to the transaction generally makes the finished item and associated technology available to its cus-tomers, distributors, or resellers. (ii) The sale or license to a customer of a prod-uct and the provision of integration services or similar services if the United States person that is a party to the transaction generally makes such services available to its customers. (iii) The transfer of equipment and the provi-sion of associated technology to operate the equipment if the transfer could not result in the foreign person using the equipment to produce critical technologies (as defined in section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4155 June 19, 2018 
(iv) The procurement by the United States person that is a party to the transaction of goods or services, including manufacturing serv-ices, from a foreign person that is a party to the transaction, if the foreign person has no rights to exploit any technology contributed by the United States person other than to supply the procured goods or services. (v) Any contribution and associated support by a United States person that is a party to the transaction to an industry organization related to a standard or specification, whether in devel-opment or declared, including any license of or commitment to license intellectual property in compliance with the rules of any standards or-ganization (as defined by the Secretary by regu-lation). (c) M
ULTILATERAL CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, may pro-pose that any technology identified pursuant to subsection (a) be added to the list of tech-nologies controlled by the relevant multilateral export control regimes. (2) I
TEMS ON COMMERCE CONTROL LIST OR  
UNITED STATES MUNITIONS LIST .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of State proposes to a multilateral export control regime under paragraph (1) to add a technology identi-fied pursuant to subsection (a) to the control list of that regime and that regime does not add that technology to the control list during the 3-year period beginning on the date of the proposal, the applicable agency head may determine whether national security concerns warrant the continuation of unilateral export controls with respect to that technology. (B) A
PPLICABLE AGENCY HEAD DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘applicable agency head’’ means— (i) in the case of technology listed on the Com-merce Control List set forth in Supplement No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Administration Regu-lations, the Secretary of Commerce, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State; and (ii) in the case of technology listed on the United States Munitions List set forth in part 121 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense and the heads of other Fed-eral agencies, as appropriate. (d) R
EPORT TO COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN IN-
VESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES .—Not less fre-quently than every 180 days, the Secretary of Commerce, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States a report on the results of actions taken pursuant to this section. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not less frequently than every 180 days, the Secretary of Commerce, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall submit a report on the results of actions taken pursuant to this section, including actions taken pursu-ant to subsections (a), (b), and (c), to— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives. (f) M
ODIFICATIONS TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGY  
ANDRESEARCH ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce shall revise the objectives of the Emerging Tech-nology and Research Advisory Committee, estab-lished by the Secretary under the Export Admin-istration Regulations, to include advising the interagency process established under sub-section (a) with respect to emerging and foundational technologies. (2) DUTIES .—The Secretary— (A) shall revise the duties of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee to include identifying emerging and foundational technologies that may be devel-oped over a period of 5 years or 10 years; and (B) may revise the duties of the Advisory Com-mittee to include identifying trends in— (i) the ownership by foreign persons and for-eign governments of such technologies; (ii) the types of transactions related to such technologies engaged in by foreign persons and foreign governments; (iii) the blending of private and government investment in such technologies; and (iv) efforts to obfuscate ownership of such technologies or to otherwise circumvent the con-trols established under this section. (3) M
EETINGS .— (A) F
REQUENCY .—The Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee should meet not less frequently than every 120 days. (B) A
TTENDANCE .—A representative from each agency participating in the interagency process established under subsection (a) should be in at-tendance at each meeting of the Emerging Tech-nology and Research Advisory Committee. (4) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Not fewer than half of the members of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee should hold sufficient security clearances such that classi-fied information, including classified informa-tion described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-section (a)(2)(A), from the interagency process established under subsection (a) can be shared with those members to inform the advice pro-vided by the Advisory Committee. (5) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY COM -
MITTEE ACT .—Subsections (a)(1), (a)(3), and (b) of section 10 and sections 11, 13, and 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee. (6) R
EPORT .—The Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee shall include the findings of the Advisory Committee under this subsection in the annual report to Congress re-quired by section 14 of the Export Administra-tion Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4616) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter or limit— (1) the authority of the President or the Sec-retary of State to designate items as defense ar-ticles and defense services for the purposes of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) or to otherwise regulate such items; or (2) the authority of the President under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Act of 1978 (22 U.S.C. 3201 et seq.), the Energy Reorganiza-tion Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5801 et seq.), or the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) or any other provi-sion of law relating to the control of exports. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
XPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS .— The term ‘‘Export Administration Regulations’’ means subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) I
N-COUNTRY TRANSFER .—The term ‘‘in- country transfer’’ has the meaning given to the term in the Export Administration Regulations. (3) R
EEXPORT .—The term ‘‘reexport’’ has the meaning given to the term in the Export Admin-istration Regulations. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means any person subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. 
SEC. 1726. EXPORT CONTROL ENFORCEMENT AU-THORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITIES .—In order to enforce the pro-visions of the Export Administration Regula-tions under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, issued under the authority of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (pursuant to which the President has continued in effect authorities granted under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.)), the President shall delegate to the Sec-retary of Commerce, in addition to existing au-thorities, the authority to authorize any law en-forcement officer of the Department of Com-merce to conduct investigations (including un-dercover investigations) in the United States and in other countries when permitted under such countries’ laws using all applicable laws of the United States. (b) BEST PRACTICE GUIDELINES .—The Sec- retary of Commerce, in consultation with the heads of appropriate Federal agencies, may publish and update best practices guidelines to assist persons in developing and implementing, on a voluntary basis, effective export control programs in compliance with the Export Admin-istration Regulations. (c) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— (1) E
XEMPTIONS FROM DISCLOSURE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Information obtained under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) may be withheld from disclosure only to the extent permitted by statute, except that information described in subparagraph (B) shall be withheld from public disclosure and shall not be subject to disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, unless the release of such information is determined by the Secretary to be in the na-tional interest. (B) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—Information described in this subparagraph is information submitted or obtained in connection with an ap-plication for a license or other authorization to export, reexport, or transfer items or engage in other activities, a recordkeeping or reporting re-quirement, enforcement activity, or other oper-ations under the Export Administration Act of 1979, including— (i) the license application, license, or other authorization itself; (ii) classification or advisory opinion requests, and any response to such a request; (iii) license determinations and information pertaining to such determinations; (iv) information or evidence obtained in the course of any investigation; and (v) information obtained or furnished in con-nection with any international agreement, trea-ty, or other obligation. (2) I
NFORMATION TO CONGRESS AND GAO .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing the withholding of information from Congress or the Comptroller General of the United States. (B) A
VAILABILITY TO CONGRESS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Information obtained at any time under any provision of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 or the Export Administration Regulations, including reports or license appli-cations required under any such provision, shall be made available to a committee or sub-committee of Congress of appropriate jurisdic-tion, upon the request of the chairman or rank-ing member of the committee or subcommittee. (ii) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— No committee or subcommittee referred to in clause (i), or member thereof, may disclose any information made available under clause (i) that is submitted on a confidential basis unless the full committee determines that the withholding of that information is contrary to the national interest. (C) A
VAILABILITY TO GAO .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Information described in sub-paragraph (B)(i) shall be subject to the limita-tions contained in section 716 of title 31, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4156 June 19, 2018 
(ii) P ROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— An officer or employee of the Government Ac-countability Office may not disclose, except to Congress in accordance with this paragraph, any information described in subparagraph (B)(i) that is submitted on a confidential basis or from which any individual can be identified. (3) I
NFORMATION SHARING .— (A) E
XCHANGE OF INFORMATION .—The heads of departments, agencies, and offices with en-forcement authorities under the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979, consistent with protection of law enforcement and its sources and methods, shall exchange any licensing and enforcement information with one another that is necessary to facilitate enforcement efforts under this sec-tion, and shall consult on a regular basis with one another and with the heads of other depart-ments, agencies, and offices that obtain infor-mation subject to this paragraph, in order to fa-cilitate the exchange of such information. (B) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION BY FEDERAL  
OFFICIALS .—Any Federal official who obtains information that is relevant to the enforcement of the Export Administration Act of 1979, in-cluding information pertaining to any investiga-tion, shall furnish such information to each ap-propriate department, agency, or office with en-forcement responsibilities under this section to the extent consistent with the protection of in-telligence, counterintelligence, and law enforce-ment sources, methods, and activities. (C) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of this para-graph shall not apply to information subject to the restrictions set forth in section 9 of title 13, United States Code. Return information, as de-fined in section 6103(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, may be disclosed only as author-ized by that section. (D) I
NFORMATION SHARING WITH FEDERAL  
AGENCIES .—Licensing or enforcement informa-tion obtained under the Export Administration Act of 1979 may be shared with heads of depart-ments, agencies, and offices that do not have enforcement authorities under that Act on a case-by-case basis, at the discretion of the Sec-retary of Commerce. Such information may be shared only when the Secretary makes a deter-mination that the sharing of the information is in the national interest. 
SEC. 1727. PROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF CIVIL PENALTIES UNDER EXPORT CONTROL AND SANCTIONS LAWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Executive Office of the President may not modify any civil penalty, in-cluding a denial order, implemented by the Gov-ernment of the United States with respect to a Chinese telecommunications company pursuant to a determination that the company has vio-lated an export control or sanctions law of the United States until the date that is 30 days after the President certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that the company— (1) has not, for a period of one year, con-ducted activities in violation of the laws of the United States; and (2) is fully cooperating with investigations into the activities of the company conducted by the Government of the United States, if any. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1728. UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INDUSTRY AND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, any reference in the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) or any other law or regulation to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Admin-istration shall be deemed to be a reference to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security. (b) TITLE 5.—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Export Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security’’. (c) C
ONTINUATION IN OFFICE .—The individual serving as Under Secretary of Commerce for Ex-port Administration on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security on and after that date without the need for renomination or reappointment. 
SEC. 1729. LIMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DESIGNATION OF SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR A CERTAIN DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DESIGNA -
TION.—The Secretary of Defense may not imple-ment the decision, issued on July 1, 2017, to can-cel the designation, under Department of De-fense Directive 4400.01E, entitled ‘‘Defense Pro-duction Act Programs’’ and dated October 12, 2001, of the Secretary of the Air Force as the De-partment of Defense Executive Agent for the program carried out under title III of the De-fense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.) until the date specified in subsection (c). (b) D
ESIGNATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall continue to serve as the sole and ex-clusive Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program described in subsection (a) until the date specified in subsection (c). (c) D
ATE SPECIFIED .—The date specified in this subsection is the date of the enactment of a joint resolution or an Act approving the imple-mentation of the decision described in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1730. REVIEW OF AND REPORT ON CERTAIN DEFENSE TECHNOLOGIES CRITICAL TO THE UNITED STATES MAINTAIN-ING SUPERIOR MILITARY CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, in consultation with the Air Force Research Laboratory, the Defense Ad-vanced Projects Research Agency, and such other appropriate research entities as the Sec-retary and the Director may identify, shall— (1) jointly carry out and complete a review of key national security technology capability ad-vantages, competitions, and gaps between the United States and ‘‘near peer’’ nations; (2) develop a definition of ‘‘near peer nation’’ for purposes of paragraph (1); and (3) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the findings of the Sec-retary and the Director with respect to the re-view conducted under paragraph (1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review conducted under paragraph (1) of subsection (a), and the report required by paragraph (3) of that subsection, shall identify, at a minimum, the following: (1) Key United States industries and research and development activities expected to be crit-ical to maintaining a national security tech-nology capability if, during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Director anticipate that— (A) a United States industrial base shortfall will exist; and (B) United States industry will be unable to or otherwise will not provide the needed capacity in a timely manner without financial assistance from the United States Government through ex-isting statutory authorities specifically intended for that purpose, including assistance provided under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.) and other appro-priate authorities. (2) Key areas in which the United States cur-rently enjoys a technological advantage. (3) Key areas in which the United States no longer enjoys a technological advantage. (4) Sectors of the defense industrial base in which the United States lacks adequate produc-tive capacity to meet critical national defense needs. (5) Priority areas for which appropriate statu-tory industrial base incentives should be applied as the most cost-effective, expedient, and prac-tical alternative for meeting the technology or defense industrial base needs identified under this subsection, including— (A) sustainment of critical production and supply chain capabilities; (B) commercialization of research and devel-opment investments; (C) scaling of emerging technologies; and (D) other areas as determined by the Secretary and the Director. (6) Priority funding recommendations with re-spect to key areas that the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Director, determines are— (A) critical to the United States maintaining superior military capabilities, especially with re-spect to potential peer and near peer military or economic competitors, during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) suitable for long-term investment from funds made available under title III of the De-fense Production Act of 1950 and other appro-priate statutory authorities. (c) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a)(3) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1731. BRIEFING ON INFORMATION FROM TRANSACTIONS REVIEWED BY COM-MITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES RELATING TO FOREIGN EFFORTS TO INFLU-ENCE DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONS AND PROCESSES. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or a designee of the Secretary) shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on— (1) transactions reviewed by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States during the 5-year period preceding the briefing that the Committee determined would have allowed for-eign persons to inappropriately influence demo-cratic institutions and processes within the United States and in other countries; and (2) the disposition of such reviews, including any steps taken by the Committee to address the risk of allowing foreign persons to influence such institutions and processes. 
SEC. 1732. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I MMEDIATE APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN  P
ROVISIONS .—The following shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any covered transaction the re-view or investigation of which is initiated under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 on or after such date of enactment: (1) Sections 1705, 1707, 1708, 1709, 1710, 1713, 1714, 1715, 1716, 1717, 1719, 1720, 1721, 1722, 1723, 1724, 1725, 1726, 1727, 1728, and 1729 and the amendments made by those sections. (2) Section 1712 and the amendments made by that section (except for clause (iii) of section 721(b)(4)(A) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as added by section 1712). (3) Paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (5)(A)(i), (5)(B)(i), (5)(B)(iv)(I), (5)(B)(v), (5)(C)(v), (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), (13), (14), (15), (16), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4157 June 19, 2018 
and (17) of subsection (a) of section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. (4) Section 721(m)(4) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950, as amended by section 1718 (ex-cept for clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), and (v) of sub-paragraph (B) of that section). (b) D
ELAYED APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PRO-
VISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any provision of or amend-ment made by this title not specified in sub-section (a) shall— (A) take effect on the date that is 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a de-termination by the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States that the regulations, organizational structure, per-sonnel, and other resources necessary to admin-ister the new provisions are in place; and (B) apply with respect to any covered trans-action the review or investigation of which is initiated under section 721 of the Defense Pro-duction Act of 1950 on or after the date de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (2) N
ONDELEGATION OF DETERMINATION .—The determination of the chairperson of the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States under paragraph (1)(A) may not be dele-gated. (c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR PILOT PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date described in subsection (b)(1)(A), the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States may, at its discretion, conduct one or more pilot programs to implement any authority provided pursuant to any provision of or amendment made by this title not specified in subsection (a). (2) PUBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—A pilot program may not commence until the date that is 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a determination by the chairperson of the Committee of the scope of and procedures for the pilot program. That determination may not be delegated. 
SEC. 1733. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this title or an amendment made by this title, or the application of such a provision or amendment to any person or cir-cumstance, is held to be invalid, the application of that provision or amendment to other persons or circumstances and the remainder of the pro-visions of this title and the amendments made by this title, shall not be affected thereby. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER T
HREE YEARS.—Except as provided in subsection (b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX for military con-struction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contribu-tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authoriza-tions of appropriations therefor) shall expire on the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2024. (b) EXCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to authorizations for military construc-tion projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program (and authorizations of appro-priations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for fiscal year 2024 for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu-rity Investment Program. 
SEC. 2003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Inside the United States 
State Installation Amount 
Alabama .............................................. Anniston Army Depot ....................................................... ............................................ $5,200,000 
California ............................................ Fort Irwin ............................................................... ..................................................... $29,000,000 
Colorado .............................................. Fort Carson .............................................................. .................................................... $77,000,000 
Georgia ................................................ Fort Gordon ............................................................. .................................................... $99,000,000 
Hawaii ................................................. Wheeler Army Airfield ................................................... ................................................ $50,000,000 
Indiana ................................................ Crane Army Ammunition Activity .......................................... ........................................ $16,000,000 
Kentucky ............................................. Fort Campbell ............................................................. .................................................. $50,000,000 
Fort Knox .................................................................................................................... $2 6,000,000 
New Jersey ........................................... Picatinny Arsenal ......................................................... ................................................ $41,000,000 
New Mexico .......................................... White Sands Missile Range .................................................. .......................................... $40,000,000 
New York ............................................. West Point Military Reservation ........................................... ......................................... $160,000,000 
North Carolina ..................................... Fort Bragg .................................................................. ................................................. $10,000,000 
South Carolina ..................................... Fort Jackson ................................................................ ................................................. $52,000,000 
Texas ................................................... Fort Bliss ............................................................. ........................................................ $24,000,000 
Fort Hood ..................................................................................................................... $ 9,600,000 
Virginia ............................................... Arlington National Cemetery Southern Expansion .......................... ................................ $30,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Installation Amount 
Germany ..................................................... East Camp Grafenwoehr .............................................. ........................................... $31,000,000 
Honduras .................................................... Soto Cano Air Base ................................................. ............................................... $21,000,000 
Korea .......................................................... Camp Tango ...................................................... .................................................... $17,500,000 
Kuwait ....................................................... Camp Arifjan ...................................................... ................................................... $44,000,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-lations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing 
State/Country Installation or Location Units Amount 
Italy .................................... Vicenza ............................................................................... Family Housing New Construction .. $95,134,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4158 June 19, 2018 
Army: Family Housing—Continued 
State/Country Installation or Location Units Amount 
Korea .................................. Camp Walker ....................................................................... Family  Housing Replacement Con-struction. $68,000,000 
Puerto Rico .......................... Fort Buchanan .................................................................... Family Ho using Replacement Con-struction. $26,000,000 
Wisconsin Fort McCoy ......................................................................... Family Housing New Construction .. $ 6,200,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Army may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $18,326,000. 
SEC. 2103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2104. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (128 Stat. 3670), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2020, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ...................... Military Ocean Terminal, Concord .................. Access Control Point ......................... .............. $9,900,000 
Japan ............................ Kadena Air Base ............................................ Missile Magazine ................... ......................... $10,600,000 
SEC. 2105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1145) the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (129 Stat. 1146), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2023, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2024, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2016 Project Authorization 
Virginia ............................................................... Arlington Cemetery (DAR) ................................ ............................................ $60,000,000 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona ................................................ Camp Navajo ............................................................. ................................................... $14,800,000 
California ............................................. Camp Pendleton .......................................................... ................................................. $199,630,000 
Coronado ..................................................................................................................... $7 7,780,000 
Lemoore ....................................................................................................................... $ 112,690,000 
Miramar ....................................................................................................................... $ 31,980,000 
Point Mugu .................................................................................................................. $22 ,150,000 
San Diego ..................................................................................................................... $ 156,540,000 
San Nicolas Island ........................................................................................................ $31,0 10,000 
Seal Beach ................................................................................................................... $1 39,630,000 
District of Columbia ............................. Naval Observatory ............................................................. ........................................... $115,600,000 
Florida ................................................. Mayport ................................................................ ....................................................... $111,460,000 
Naval Air Station Whiting Field .................................................................................... $10,000,000 
Georgia ................................................ Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany ...................................... ........................................ $31,900,000 
Hawaii ................................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .......................................... .......................................... $45,000,000 
Kaneohe Bay ................................................................................................................ $66, 100,000 
Pearl City ..................................................................................................................... $78,320,000 
Maine .................................................. Kittery ................................................................. ........................................................ $149,685,000 
Mississippi ............................................ Naval Construction Battalion Center ..................................... ........................................ $22,300,000 
North Carolina ..................................... Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station ....................................... ................................... $240,830,000 
Camp Lejeune ............................................................................................................... $51, 300,000 
Pennsylvania ....................................... Philadelphia ................................................................ ................................................. $71,050,000 
South Carolina ..................................... Beaufort .................................................................... ................................................... $15,817,000 
Parris Island ................................................................................................................ $3 5,190,000 
Utah .................................................... Hill Air Force Base .................................................... ................................................... $105,520,000 
Virginia ............................................... Portsmouth .............................................................. ..................................................... $26,120,000 
Quantico ...................................................................................................................... $ 13,100,000 
Washington .......................................... Bangor ..................................................................... .................................................... $88,960,000 
Whidbey Island ............................................................................................................ $27,3 80,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4159 June 19, 2018 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahamas .................................................. Andros Island ......................................................... ................................................... $31,050,000 
Bahrain Island ......................................... SW Asia ................................................................. ................................................... $26,340,000 
Cuba ........................................................ Guantanamo Bay ..................................................... ................................................. $85,000,000 
Germany ................................................... Panzer Kaserne ....................................................... .................................................. $43,950,000 
Guam ....................................................... Joint Region Marianas ............................................... ................................................ $279,657,000 
Japan ....................................................... Kadena Air Base .................................................... ................................................... $9,049,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-lation or location, in the number of units, and in the amount set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Family Housing 
State Installation or Location Units Amount 
Guam ................................... Joint Region Marianas ......................................................... Replace An dersen Housing PH III .. $83,441,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Navy may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,502,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $16,638,000. SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska .......................................................................... Eielson Air Force Base ......................... ............................................. $63,800,000 
Arizona ......................................................................... Davis-Monthan Air Force Base ................... ....................................... $15,000,000 
Luke Air Force Base ......................................................................... $40,000,000 
Florida .......................................................................... Eglin Air Force Base .......................... ............................................... $62,863,000 
MacDill Air Force Base ..................................................................... $3,100,000 
Maryland ...................................................................... Joint Base Andrews ............................... ............................................ $50,000,000 
Massachusetts ............................................................... Hanscom Air Force Base ............................. ...................................... $225,000,000 
Nebraska ....................................................................... Offutt Air Force Base ........................... ............................................. $9,500,000 
Nevada ......................................................................... Creech Air Force Base ........................... ............................................ $59,000,000 
Nellis Air Force Base ......................................................................... $5,900,000 
New Mexico ................................................................... Holloman Air Force Base ........................... ........................................ $85,000,000 
Kirtland Air Force Base .................................................................... $7,000,000 
New York ...................................................................... Rome Lab ......................................... ................................................ $14,200,000 
North Dakota ............................................................... Minot Air Force Base ................................ ........................................ $66,000,000 
Ohio ............................................................................. Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ............... ........................................ $116,100,000 
Oklahoma ..................................................................... Altus Air Force Base .............................. ........................................... $12,000,000 
Tinker Air Force Base ....................................................................... $166,000,000 
South Carolina .............................................................. Shaw Air Force Base ................................ ......................................... $53,000,000 
Utah ............................................................................. Hill Air Force Base ........................... ................................................ $26,000,000 
Washington ................................................................... White Bluff ....................................... ............................................... $14,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Guam ............................................................................ Joint Region Marianas .......................... ............................................ $9,800,000 
Mariana Islands-Tinian ................................................. Tinian .................................................. ............................................ $50,700,000 
Qatar ............................................................................ Al Udeid ...................................... ..................................................... $70,400,000 
United Kingdom ............................................................ RAF Lakenheath ....................................... ....................................... $148,467,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4160 June 19, 2018 
Air Force: Outside the United States—Continued 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Worldwide Classified ..................................................... Classified Location ................................... ........................................ $18,000,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family hous-ing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $3,199,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $75,247,000. 
SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN PHASED PROJECT AUTHORIZED IN FISCAL YEARS 2015, 2016, AND 2017. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3679) for Royal Air Force Croughton, for JIAC Con-solidation Phase 1, the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1153) for Croughton Royal Air Force, for JIAC Consolidation Phase 2, and the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114– 328; 130 Stat. 2697) for Royal Air Force Croughton, for JIAC Consolidation Phase 3, the location shall be United Kingdom, Unspecified. 
SEC. 2306. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2696) for Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, for construc-tion of a basic military training recruit dor-mitory, the Secretary of the Air Force may con-struct a 26,537 square meter dormitory in the amount of $92,300,000. 
SEC. 2307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1825) for the United States Air Force Academy, Colo-rado, for construction of a cyberworks facility, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a facility of up to 4,462 square meters that in-cludes two real property gifts of construction of 929 and 465 square meters if such gift is accepted by the Secretary in accordance with section 2601 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 2308. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECTS. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATIONS .—The Secretary of the Air Force may carry out military con-struction projects to construct— (1) a 6,702 square meter Joint Simulation Envi-ronment Facility at Edwards Air Force Base, California, in the amount of $43,000,000; (2) a 4,833 square meter Cyberspace Test Facil-ity at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, in the amount of $38,000,000; and (3) a 4,735 square meter Joint Simulation Envi-ronment Facility at Nellis Air Force Base, Ne-vada, in the amount of $30,000,000. (b) U
SE OF RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, 
ANDEVALUATION FUNDS.—As provided for in the Defense Laboratory Modernization Pilot Pro-gram authorized by section 2803 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169), the Sec-retary may use funds available for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation for the projects described in subsection (a). TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................... Clear Air Force Station ............................................... .................................................. $174,000,000 
Fort Greely .................................................................................................................. $8 ,000,000 
Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ................................................................................. $14,000,000 
Arkansas ................................................ Little Rock Air Force Base ............................................. ............................................... $14,000,000 
California .............................................. Camp Pendleton ......................................................... .................................................. $12,596,000 
Coronado ..................................................................................................................... $7 1,088,000 
Defense Distribution Depot-Tracy ................................................................................. $18,800,000 
Colorado ................................................ Fort Carson ............................................................ ..................................................... $24,297,000 
CONUS Classified ................................... Classified Location ......................................................... .............................................. $49,222,000 
Kentucky .............................................. Fort Campbell ............................................................ .................................................. $82,298,000 
Maine .................................................... Kittery ............................................................... .......................................................... $11,600,000 
Maryland ............................................... Fort Meade .............................................................. .................................................... $805,000,000 
Missouri ................................................. St. Louis ............................................................. ......................................................... $447,800,000 
New Jersey ............................................. Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst ........................................ ....................................... $10,200,000 
North Carolina ...................................... Fort Bragg ................................................................. .................................................. $32,366,000 
New River .................................................................................................................... $3 2,580,000 
Oklahoma .............................................. McAlester ................................................................ ..................................................... $7,000,000 
Texas ..................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ............................................... ................................................. $10,200,000 
Red River Army Depot .................................................................................................. $71,500,0 00 
Virginia ................................................. Dam Neck .............................................................. ...................................................... $8,959,000 
Fort A.P. Hill ............................................................................................................... $1 1,734,000 
Fort Belvoir ................................................................................................................. $6 ,127,000 
Humphreys Engineer Center ......................................................................................... $20,257,000 
Joint Base Langley-Eustis ............................................................................................. $12,700,0 00 
Pentagon ..................................................................................................................... $3 5,850,000 
Washington ........................................... Joint Base Lewis-McChord .................................................. .......................................... $26,200,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4161 June 19, 2018 
military construction projects for the installa- tions or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Belgium .......................................... U.S. Army Garrison Benelux (Chievres) ......................................... ................................... $14,305,000 
Cuba ............................................... Guantanamo Bay .............................................................. .............................................. $9,080,000 
Djibouti .......................................... Camp Lemonnier ............................................................... .............................................. $3,750,000 
Germany ......................................... Baumholder ..................................................................... ............................................... $11,504,000 
Kaiserslautern Air Base .................................................................................................. $99,95 5,000 
Weisbaden ...................................................................................................................... $56,048,000 
Greece ............................................. NSA Souda Bay ............................................................... ............................................... $2,230,000 
Guam ............................................. Naval Base Guam ............................................................... ............................................ $4,634,000 
NSA Naples .................................................................................................................... $ 990,000 
Japan ............................................. Camp McTureous ............................................................... ............................................. $94,851,000 
Iwakuni ........................................................................................................................ . $33,200,000 
Kadena Air Base ............................................................................................................. $21 ,400,000 
Yokosuka ....................................................................................................................... $170,386,000 
Unspecified Worldwide .................... Unspecified ........................................................................... .......................................... $15,693,000 
SEC. 2402. ENERGY RESILIENCE AND CONSERVA-TION INVESTMENT PROGRAM. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the instal-lations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alabama ................................................ Anniston Army Depot ..................................................... .............................................. $20,000,000 
California .............................................. Naval Base Ventura County .............................................. ........................................... $6,530,000 
Colorado ................................................ Schriever Air Force Base ............................................... ................................................ $4,044,000 
Florida ................................................... MacDill Air Force Base ............................................... ................................................. $3,700,000 
Hawaii ................................................... Bellows Air Force Base ................................................ ................................................. $2,944,000 
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ................................................................................... $4,500,000 
Idaho ..................................................... Mountain Home Air Force Base ......................................... ........................................... $5,980,000 
Indiana .................................................. NSA Crane ............................................................. ...................................................... $6,890,000 
Kansas ................................................... Salina Training Center ................................................ ................................................. $3,500,000 
Louisiana ............................................... Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans ....................... .................................. $5,340,000 
Maryland ............................................... NSA Bethesda ............................................................ .................................................. $22,000,000 
New Mexico ............................................ Kirtland Air Force Base .................................................. .............................................. $462,000 
Ohio ...................................................... Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ...................................... ............................................. $7,900,000 
Pennsylvania ......................................... Fort Indiantown Gap ....................................................... ............................................ $2,150,000 
South Carolina ....................................... Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort ......................................... ....................................... $22,402,000 
Texas ..................................................... Camp Mabry ........................................................... ..................................................... $5,500,000 
Sheppard Air Force Base .............................................................................................. $9,404,000  
Virginia ................................................. Naval Air Station Oceana .............................................. ............................................... $2,520,000 
NRO Headquarters ....................................................................................................... $571,000  
Washington ........................................... Naval Base Kitsap ......................................................... ............................................... $1,790,000 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2404. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (128 Stat. 3681), and amended by section 2406 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1831), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2020, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Japan ....................................... Commander Fleet Activities Sasebo ...................... E.J. King High School Replac ement/Renova-tion. $37,681,000 
Okinawa ............................................................ Kubasaki High School Replacement/Renova- tion. $99,420,000 
New Mexico .............................. Cannon Air Force Base ....................................... SOF Squadron Operations Fac ility (STS) .... $23,333,000 
Virginia .................................... Pentagon ............................................................ Redundant Chill ed Water Loop ................... $15,100,000 
SEC. 2405. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
The table in section 2401(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 105–91) is amended by inserting after the item relating to South Caro-lina the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4162 June 19, 2018 
Texas ............................................................................. Fort Bliss Blood Processing Center ........... ..................................... $8,300,000 
TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make contribu-tions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount au-thorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North At-lantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Host Country In-kind Contributions SEC. 2511. REPUBLIC OF KOREA FUNDED CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS. 
Pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea for required in-kind contributions, the Secretary of Defense may accept military con-struction projects for the installations or loca-tions, and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects 
Country Component Installation or Location Project Amount 
Korea ....................... Army ....................... Camp Carroll ................... Upgrade Electrical Distribution, Phase 2 $52,000,000 
Army ....................... Camp Humphreys ............. Site Development .................................. $7,800,000 
Army ....................... Camp Humphreys ............. Air Support Operations Squadron ......... $25,000,000 
Army ....................... Camp Humphreys ............. Unaccompanied Enlisted Personnel Housing, P2 ...................................... $76,000,000 
Army ....................... Camp Humphreys ............. Echelon Above Brigade Engineer Bat- talion, VMF ...................................... $123,000,000 
Army ....................... Camp Walker ................... Repair/ Replace Sewer Piping System .... $8,000,000 
Navy ....................... Chinhae .......................... Indoor Training Pool ............................ $7,400,000 
Navy ....................... Pohang Air Base .............. Replace Ordnance Storage Magazines ... $87,000,000 
Air Force ................. Gimhae Air Base .............. Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ....... $7,600,000 
Air Force ................. Gwangju Air Base ............ Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ....... $7,600,000 
Air Force ................. Kunsan Air Base .............. Explosive Ordnance Disposal Facility .... $8,000,000 
Air Force ................. Kunsan Air Base .............. Upgrade Flow- Through Fuel System .... $23,000,000 
Air Force ................. Osan Air Base .................. 5th Recon-naissance Squadron Aircraft Shelter .............................................. $12,000,000 
Air Force ................. Osan Air Base .................. Airfield Damage Repair Facility ............ $22,000,000 
Air Force ................. Osan Air Base .................. Commun-ications HQ Building .............. $45,000,000 
Air Force ................. Suwon Air Base ............... Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ....... $7,200,000 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................. Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ......................................... ......................................... $27,000,000 
Illinois ................................................. Marseilles ............................................................ ......................................................... $5,000,000 
Montana .............................................. Malta ..................................................................... ...................................................... $15,000,000 
Nevada ................................................ North Las Vegas .......................................................... ................................................. $32,000,000 
New Hampshire .................................... Pembroke ...................................................................... ................................................ $12,000,000 
North Dakota ....................................... Fargo ....................................................................... .................................................... $32,000,000 
Ohio .................................................... Camp Ravenna ........................................................... .................................................. $7,400,000 
Oklahoma ............................................ Lexington .................................................................. ................................................... $11,000,000 
Oregon ................................................. Boardman ................................................................ .................................................... $11,000,000 
South Dakota ....................................... Rapid City .................................................................. .................................................. $15,000,000 
Texas ................................................... Houston ................................................................ ....................................................... $15,000,000 
Virginia ............................................... Sandston ................................................................ ...................................................... $89,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................. Barstow ................................................. ...................................................... $34,000,000 
Wisconsin ............................................................. Fort McCoy ............................................... ................................................... $23,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4163 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................. Seal Beach .............................................. ..................................................... $21,740,000 
Georgia ................................................................ Benning ................................................. ...................................................... $13,630,000 
Pennsylvania ....................................................... Pittsburgh .................................................. .................................................. $17,650,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air National Guard loca-tions inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air National Guard 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................. Channel Islands Air National Guard Station .............. .................................... $8,000,000 
Hawaii ................................................................. Joint Base Peal Harbor-Hickam ........................... .......................................... $17,000,000 
Illinois ................................................................. General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport . .............................. $9,000,000 
Louisiana ............................................................. Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans ......... ................................ $15,000,000 
New York ............................................................. Francis S. Gabreski Airport ............................... ............................................ $20,000,000 
Pennsylvania ....................................................... Fort Indiantown Gap ......................................... ........................................... $8,000,000 
Puerto Rico .......................................................... Luis Munoz Marin International Airport .................... ................................... $50,000,000 
Virginia ............................................................... Joint Base Langley-Eustis ............................... .............................................. $10,000,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve 
State Location Amount 
Indiana ............................................................... Grissom Air Reserve Base ................................. ............................................. $21,500,000 
Minnesota ............................................................ St. Paul International Airport ............................ ........................................... $9,000,000 
Mississippi ............................................................ Keesler Air Force Base .................................. ................................................ $4,550,000 
New York ............................................................. Niagara Falls International Airport ....................... ........................................ $14,000,000 
Texas ................................................................... Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth ........ ................................... $3,100,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the costs of acquisition, ar-chitectural and engineering services, and con-struction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (in-cluding the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2603 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1164) for construction of a Reserve Training Center Complex at Dam Neck, Virginia, the Secretary of the Navy may construct the Reserve Training Center Complex at Joint Expeditionary Base Lit-tle Creek-Story, Virginia. 
SEC. 2612. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2601 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1834) for Fort Belvoir, Virginia, for additions and al-terations to the National Guard Readiness Cen-ter, the Secretary of the Army may construct a new readiness center. If a new readiness center is constructed, no funds above the previously authorized $15,000,000 may be made available for such purpose. SEC. 2613. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECT. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of the Navy may carry out a military construc-tion project to construct a 50,000 square foot re-serve training center, 6,600 square foot combat vehicle maintenance and storage facility, 2,400 square foot vehicle wash rack, 1,600 square foot covered training area, road improvements, and associated supporting facilities, and may ac-quire approximately 8.5 acres of adjacent land and obtain necessary interest in land at Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania, in the amount of $17,650,000. (b) U
SE OF UNOBLIGATED PRIOR-YEAR NAVY M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION RESERVE FUNDS.—The Secretary may use available, unobligated Navy military construction reserve funds for the project described in subsection (a). (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary of the Navy shall provide information in accordance with section 2851(c) of title 10, United States Code, regarding the project de-scribed in subsection (a). If it becomes necessary to exceed the estimated project cost, the Sec-retary shall utilize the authority provided by section 2853 of such title regarding authorized cost and scope of work variations. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as author-ized by the Defense Base Closure and Realign-ment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Clo-sure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. 
SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to au-thorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4164 June 19, 2018 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Changes 
SEC. 2801. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO OBTAIN ARCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING SERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION DE-SIGN FOR DEFENSE LABORATORY MODERNIZATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 2803 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘, site preparation, and advance planning and design’’ and inserting ‘‘and site preparation’’; (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(1)’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g), re-spectively; (5) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) A
RCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING SERV-
ICES AND CONSTRUCTION DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the military departments for research, development, test, and evaluation, the Secretary of the military department concerned may ob-tain architectural and engineering services and carry out construction design in connection with a military construction project described in subsection (a). This authority is not subject to the condition in subsection (b).’’; (6) in subsection (d), as redesignated by para-graph (4)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This requirement does not include architectural and engineering services and con-struction design under subsection (c).’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘other than funds used pursuant to subsection (c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (7) in subsection (g), as redesignated by para-graph (4), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2025’’. 
SEC. 2802. MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT AU-THORITY FOR ACQUISITION, CON-STRUCTION, OR FURNISHING OF TEST FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 2353(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after the first sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘The acquisition or construction of these research, developmental, or test facilities shall be subject to the cost principles applicable to allowable contract expenses.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The acquisition or construction of facilities under the authority of this section shall not be gov-erned by sections 2802, 2805, or 2811 of this title and their associated implementing regulations. The Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall promulgate regu-lations necessary to give full force and effect to this section.’’. 
SEC. 2803. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS IN CERTAIN AREAS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) of section 2808 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2804 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub- section (c)(1) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$100,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000,000’’; (2) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’; (3) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. SEC. 2804. UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS RELATED TO REVITALIZATION AND RECAPITAL-IZATION OF DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE FACILITIES. 
Section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) D
EFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASEFACILITY RE-
VITALIZATION .—(1) For the revitalization and re-capitalization of Defense Industrial Base Facili-ties owned by the United States and under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned, the Sec-retary concerned may obligate and expend— ‘‘(A) from appropriations available to the Sec-retary concerned for operation and mainte-nance, amounts necessary to carry out an un-specified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,000,000, notwith-standing subsection (c); or ‘‘(B) from appropriations available to the Sec-retary concerned for military construction not otherwise authorized by law or from funds au-thorized to be made available section 2363(a) of this title, amounts necessary to carry out an un-specified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,000,000. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection, an un-specified minor military construction project is a military construction project that (notwith-standing subsection (a)) has an approved cost equal to or less than $6,000,000. ‘‘(3) If the Secretary concerned makes a deci-sion to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project to which this subsection ap-plies, the Secretary concerned shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress of that deci-sion, of the justification for the project, and of the estimated cost of the project. The project may then be carried out only after the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date the no-tification is received by the committees in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title. ‘‘(4) In this section, the term ‘defense indus-trial base facility’ means any Department of De-fense depot, arsenal, shipyard, or plant located within the United States. ‘‘(5) The authority to carry out a project under this subsection expires on September 30, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 2805. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF PROJECTS CARRIED OUT PURSUANT TO LAWS OTHER THAN MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATION ACTS. 
Section 2802(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Secretary concerned shall—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘comply with the congressional notification requirement’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary concerned shall comply with the congressional notification requirement’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and submit to the congres-sional defense committees any materials re-quired to be submitted to Congress or any other congressional committees pursuant to the con-gressional notification requirement’’ after ‘‘road project will be carried out’’. Subtitle B—Project Management and Oversight Reforms 
SEC. 2811. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS TO DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FORM 1391, UNIFIED FACILITIES CRITERIA, AND MILITARY INSTALLATION MASTER PLANS. 
(a) F LOOD RISKDISCLOSURE FOR MILITARY  C
ONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify Department of Defense Form 1391 to require, with respect to any proposed major or minor military construction project requiring congressional notification or approval— (A) disclosure whether a proposed project will be sited within or partially within a 100-year floodplain, according to the most recent avail-able Federal Emergency Management Agency flood hazard data; and (B) if the proposed project will be sited within or partially within a 100-year floodplain, the specific risk mitigation plan. (2) DELINEATION OF FLOODPLAIN .—To the ex-tent that Federal Emergency Management Agency flood hazard data are not available for a proposed major or minor military construction site, the Secretary concerned shall establish a process for delineating the 100-year floodplain using risk analysis that is consistent with the standards used to inform Federal flood risk as-sessments. (3) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—For proposed projects that are to be sited within or partially within a 100-year floodplain, the Secretary con-cerned shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report with the following: (A) An assessment of flood vulnerability for the proposed project. (B) Any information concerning alternative construction sites that were considered, and an explanation of why those sites do not satisfy mission requirements. (C) A description of planned flood mitigation measures. (4) M
INIMUM FLOOD MITIGATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—When mitigating the flood risk of a major or minor military construction project within or partially within the 100-year flood-plain, the Secretary concerned shall require any mitigation plan to assume an additional— (A) 2 feet above the base flood elevation for non-mission critical buildings, as determined by the Secretary; and (B) 3 feet above the base flood elevation for mission-critical buildings, as determined by the Secretary. (b) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR DEPART -
MENT OF DEFENSE FORM1391.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend Depart-ment of Defense Form 1391 to require, for each requested military construction project— (1) disclosure whether the project was in-cluded in the prior year’s future-years defense program submitted to Congress pursuant to sec-tion 221 of title 10, United States Code; and (2) inclusion of an energy study or life cycle analysis. (c) I
NCORPORATION OF CHANGING ENVIRON -
MENTAL CONDITION PROJECTIONS IN MILITARY  C
ONSTRUCTION DESIGNS AND MODIFICATIONS .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend section 3–5.6.2.3 of United Facilities Criteria (UFC) 2–100–01 and UFC 2–100–02 (or any similar successor regulations) to provide that in order to anticipate changing environ-mental conditions during the design life of exist-ing or planned new facilities and infrastructure, projections from reliable and authorized sources such as the Census Bureau (for population pro-jections), the National Academies of Sciences (for land use change projections and climate projections), the U.S. Geological Survey (for land use change projections), and the U.S. Glob-al Change Research Office and National Cli-mate Assessment (for climate projections) shall be considered and incorporated into military construction designs and modifications. (d) I
NCLUSION OF CONSIDERATION OF ENERGY  
AND CLIMATE RESILIENCY EFFORTS IN MASTER  P
LANS FOR MAJOR MILITARY INSTALLATIONS .— Section 2864 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4165 June 19, 2018 
(C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) energy and climate resiliency efforts.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The term ‘energy and climate resiliency’ means anticipation, preparation for, and adap-tation to utility disruptions and changing envi-ronmental conditions and the ability to with-stand, respond to, and recover rapidly from util-ity disruptions while ensuring the sustainment of mission-critical operations.’’. (e) D
EFINITION OF MILITARY INSTALLATION  R
ESILIENCE .—Section 101(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) M
ILITARY INSTALLATION RESILIENCE .— The term ‘military installation resilience’ means the capability of a military installation to avoid, prepare for, minimize the effect of, adapt to, and recover from extreme weather events, or from anticipated or unanticipated changes in environmental conditions, that do, or have the potential to, adversely affect the military instal-lation or essential transportation, logistical, or other necessary resources outside of the military installation that are necessary in order to main-tain, improve, or rapidly reestablish installation mission assurance and mission-essential func-tions.’’. (f) A
DJUSTMENT AND DIVERSIFICATION ASSIST-
ANCE FOR RESPONDING TO THREATS TO THE RE-
SILIENCE OF A MILITARY INSTALLATION .—Section 2391(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, or (E) by the closure’’ and inserting ‘‘, (E) by threats to military installa-tion resilience, or (F) by the closure’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(A), (B), (C), or (E)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(A), (B), (C), or (F)’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘action described in clause (D), if the Secretary determines that the encroach-ment of the civilian community’’ and inserting ‘‘action described in clause (D) or (E), if the Secretary determines that either the encroach-ment of the civilian community or threats to military installation resilience’’. 
SEC. 2812. WORK IN PROCESS CURVE CHARTS AND OUTLAY TABLES FOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) R EQUIRED SUBMISSIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2864 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2865. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables required for military construc-tion projects ‘‘Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments shall include for any military construction project over $35,000,000, as an ad-dendum to be included within the same docu-ment as the 1391s for the Military Construction Program budget documentation, a Project Spending Plan that includes— ‘‘(1) a Work in Process Curve chart to identify funding, obligations, and outlay figures; and ‘‘(2) a monthly outlay table for funding, obli-gations, and outlay figures.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2864 the following new item: ‘‘2865. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables required for military con-struction projects.’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), update Department of Defense Financial Man-agement Regulation 7000.14–R, and any other appropriate instructions and guidance, to en-sure that the Department of Defense takes ap-propriate actions to comply with section 2865 of title 10, United States Code, as added by this section. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances SEC. 2821. LAND EXCHANGE, AIR FORCE PLANT 44, TUCSON, ARIZONA. 
(a) L AND CONVEYANCE AND RESTORATION OF  R
EALPROPERTY IMPROVEMENTS AUTHORIZED .— In connection with a project planned by the Tuscon Airport Authority (in this section re-ferred to as ‘‘TAA’’) to relocate and extend a parallel runway and make other airfield safety enhancements at the Tucson International Air-port, the Secretary of the Air Force (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may— (1) convey to TAA all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to all or any part of a parcel of real property, including any im-provements thereon, consisting of approximately 58 acres on Air Force Plant 44, Arizona, and lo-cated adjacent to Tucson International Airport; (2) agree to terminate all or a portion of any deed restrictions made for the benefit of the United States that limit construction on Tucson International Airport within 750 feet of the Air-port’s southwest property boundary with Air Force Plant 44; and (3) using cash or in-kind consideration as pro-vided in subsection (b)— (A) construct new explosives storage facilities to replace the explosives storage facilities lo-cated on the land described in paragraph (1) and explosives storage facilities located on Air Force Plant 44 within the end-of-runway clear zone associated with the TAA airfield enhance-ment project; and (B) construct new fencing as necessary to ac-commodate the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the land conveyance, deed restriction termination, replacement of real property improvements, and installation of fencing authorized under sub-section (a), the following consideration must be received by the United States before the Sec-retary may make any conveyance or termination of real property interests of the United States as described in subsection (a): (1) All right, title, and interest of the owner or owners thereof to the parcels of real property consisting of approximately 160 acres directly adjacent to the south boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (2) The cost to the Secretary, in accordance with current design standards, of— (A) replacing the real property structures on Air Force Plant 44 made unusable due to the land transfers and termination of deed restric-tions, with structures of at least equivalent ca-pacity and functionality; and (B) installing the necessary boundary fencing due to the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (c) D
IRECT PAYMENT OF CONSIDERATION TO  G
OVERNMENT CONTRACTORS .—The Secretary may require that any cash consideration to be received under this section be paid, directly or through the Air Force design and construction agent, to the contractors performing design or construction of the real property improvements described in subsection (a)(3). (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCES .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require TAA to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange and other transactions authorized under this sec-tion, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs, including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs related to environmental documentation, and other administrative costs related to the conveyances. If amounts are collected from TAA in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out such transactions, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to TAA. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursements under paragraph (1) shall be used in accordance with section 2695(c) of title 10, United States Code. (e) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real prop-erty to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Sec-retary. (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the land ex-change and other transactions under this sec-tion as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. With-out limiting the foregoing, the Secretary may es-tablish a deed restriction on any part of the 58 acres described in subsection (a)(1) to accommo-date existing Quantity Distance arcs. 
SEC. 2822. LAND CONVEYANCE, EGLIN AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Air Force may convey, without consider-ation, to the Air Force Enlisted Village, a non-profit corporation (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Village’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, con-sisting of approximately 80 acres located adja-cent to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, for the purpose of independent-living and assisted-liv-ing apartments for veterans. The conveyance under this subsection is subject to valid existing rights. (b) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Secretary determines at any time that the real property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the convey-ance specified in subsection (a), all right, title, and interest in and to such real property, in-cluding any improvements thereto, shall, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate entry onto such real property. A determination by the Secretary under this subsection shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hear-ing. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require the Village to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the prop-erty) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reim-burse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for en-vironmental documentation, and any other ad-ministrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the Village in ad-vance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Village. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Sec-retary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or account currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the convey-ance under subsection (a) as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4166 June 19, 2018 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 2831. COMMEMORATION OF FREEDMAN’S VILLAGE. 
(a) F REEDMAN ’SVILLAGE GATE.—The Sec- retary of the Army shall, as part of the southern expansion of Arlington National Cemetery, name the newly constructed gate located at the intersection of Hobson Drive and Southgate Road, ‘‘Freedman’s Village Gate’’. (b) P
ERMANENT EASEMENT .—The Secretary of the Army is directed to grant to Arlington Coun-ty a permanent easement of no less than 0.1 acres of land within the right-of-way of Southgate Road to the south and west of Hob-son Drive and west of the planned joint base ac-cess road that is also continuous with Foxcroft Heights Park for the purpose of commemorating Freedman’s Village. (c) R
ELOCATION OF COMMEMORATION IN EVENT L
OCATION ISUSED FOR BURIAL PURPOSES .—In the event Arlington National Cemetery subse-quently acquires the property used for the com-memoration described under subsection (b) for burial purposes, the Army shall relocate any commemoration of Freedman’s Village to an ap-propriate location. (d) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may accept reimbursement from Arlington County for any costs associated with commemo-rating Freedman’s Village. 
SEC. 2832. STRATEGIC PLAN TO IMPROVE CAPA-BILITIES OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE TRAINING RANGES AND IN-STALLATIONS. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall develop and implement a comprehen-sive strategic plan to identify and address defi-cits in the capabilities of Department of Defense training ranges to support current and antici-pated readiness requirements to execute the Na-tional Defense Strategy (NDS). (b) E
VALUATION .—As part of the preparation of the strategic plan, the Secretary shall con-duct an evaluation of the following: (1) The adequacy of current training range re-sources to include the ability to train against near-peer or peer threats in a realistic 5th Gen-eration environment. (2) The adequacy of current training enablers to meet current and anticipated demands of the Armed Forces. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The strategic plan shall in-clude the following: (1) Proposals to enhance the capabilities of training ranges to address any limitations or constraints on current Department resources, including any climatically induced impacts or shortfalls. (2) Goals and milestones for tracking actions under the plan and measuring progress in car-rying out such actions. (3) Projected funding requirements for imple-menting actions under the plan. (d) D
EVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, as the principal staff assist-ant to the Secretary on installation manage-ment, shall have lead responsibility for devel-oping and overseeing implementation of the strategic plan and for coordination of the dis-charge of the plan by components of the Depart-ment. (e) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than April 1, 2020, the Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, submit to Congress a report on the progress made in implementing this sec-tion, including the following: (1) A description of the strategic plan. (2) A description of the results of the evalua-tion conducted under subsection (b). (3) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate with respect to improve-ments of the capabilities of training ranges and enablers. (f) P
ROGRESS REPORTS .—Not later than April 1, 2019, and annually thereafter for 3 years, the Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary, submit to Congress a report setting forth the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the progress made during the preceding fiscal year in implementing the strategic plan. (2) A description of any additional actions taken, or to be taken, to address limitations and constraints on training ranges and enablers. (3) Assessments of individual training ranges addressing the evaluation conducted under sub-section (b). (g) ADDITIONAL REPORT ELEMENT .—Each re- port under subsections (e) and (f) shall also in-clude a list of significant modifications to train-ing range inventory, such as range closures or expansions, during the preceding fiscal year, in-cluding any limitations or impacts due to cli-matic conditions. 
SEC. 2833. NATIVE AMERICAN INDIAN LANDS EN-VIRONMENTAL MITIGATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 160 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2712. Native American lands environmental mitigation program ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may establish and carry out a program to mitigate the environmental effects of Depart-ment of Defense actions on Indian lands and culturally connected locations. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—The activities that may be carried out under the program es-tablished under subsection (a) are the following: ‘‘(1) Identification, investigation, and docu-mentation of suspected environmental effects at-tributable to past Department of Defense ac-tions. ‘‘(2) Development of mitigation options for such environmental effects, including develop-ment of cost-to-complete estimates and a system for prioritizing mitigation actions. ‘‘(3) Direct mitigation actions that the Sec-retary determines are necessary and appropriate to mitigate the adverse environmental effects of past Department of Defense actions. ‘‘(4) Demolition and removal of unsafe build-ings and structures used by, under the jurisdic-tion of, or formerly used by or under the juris-diction of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(5) Training, technical assistance, and ad-ministrative support to facilitate the meaningful participation of Indian tribes in mitigation ac-tions under the program. ‘‘(6) Development and execution of a policy governing consultation with Indian tribes that have been or may be affected by Department of Defense actions, including training Department of Defense personnel to ensure compliance with the policy. ‘‘(c) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—(1) In car-rying out the program established under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense may enter into a cooperative agreement with an Indian tribe or an instrumentality of tribal government. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding chapter 63 of title 31, a cooperative agreement under this section may be used to acquire property or services for the di-rect benefit of the United States Government. ‘‘(3) Any cooperative agreement under this section for the procurement of severable services may begin in one fiscal year and end in another fiscal year provided the total period of perform-ance does not exceed five calendar years. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Indian land’ includes— ‘‘(A) any land located within the boundaries and a part of an Indian reservation, pueblo, or rancheria; ‘‘(B) any land that has been allotted to an in-dividual Indian, but has not been conveyed to such Indian with full power of alienation; ‘‘(C) Alaska Native village and regional cor-poration lands; and ‘‘(D) lands and waters upon which any feder-ally recognized Indian tribe has rights reserved by treaty, act of Congress, or action by the President. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Indian tribe’ means any Indian tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or community, including any Alaska Native village or regional or village corporation as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), which is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indi-ans. ‘‘(3) The term ‘culturally connected location’ means a location or place that has demonstrable significance to Indians or Alaska Natives based on its association with the traditional beliefs, customs, and practices of a living community, including locations or places where religious, ceremonial, subsistence, medicinal, economic, or other lifeways practices have historically taken place.’’. (b) TABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chap-ter is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2711 the following new item: ‘‘2712. Native American lands environmental mitigation program.’’. 
SEC. 2834. DEFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUC-TURE PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 2391 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUCTURE  P
ILOT PROGRAM .—(1) The Secretary of Defense may make grants, conclude cooperative agree-ments, and supplement funds available under Federal programs administered by agencies other than the Department of Defense to assist State and local governments to address defi-ciencies in community infrastructure supportive of a military installation, if the Secretary deter-mines that such assistance will enhance the military value, resilience, or military family quality of life at such military installation. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish criteria for the selection of community infrastructure projects to receive assistance under paragraph (1). The criteria shall include a requirement that the State or local government agree to con-tribute not less than 30 percent of the funding for the community infrastructure project, unless the community infrastructure project is located in a rural area, or for reasons related to na-tional security, in which case the Secretary may waive the requirement for a State or local gov-ernment contribution. ‘‘(3) Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for assistance under paragraph (1) may remain available until expended. ‘‘(4) The authority under this subsection shall expire on September 30, 2023.’’; and (3) in subsection (e), as redesignated by para-graph (1), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) The term ‘community infrastructure’ means any transportation project; school, hos-pital, police, fire, emergency response, or other community support facility; or water, waste- water, telecommunications, electric, gas, or other utility infrastructure project that is lo-cated off of a military installation and owned by a State or local government. ‘‘(5) The term ‘rural area’ means a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a population of not more than 20,000 inhabitants.’’. 
SEC. 2835. REPRESENTATION OF INSTALLATION INTERESTS IN NEGOTIATIONS AND PROCEEDINGS WITH CARRIERS AND OTHER PUBLIC UTILITIES. 
Section 501(c) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘For transpor-tation’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4167 June 19, 2018 
‘‘(2) Prior to representing any installation of the Department of Defense in any proceeding under this subsection, the Administrator or any persons or entities acting on behalf of the Ad-ministrator shall— ‘‘(A) notify the senior mission commander of the installation; and ‘‘(B) solicit and represent the interests of the installation as determined by the installation’s senior mission commander.’’. 
SEC. 2836. WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE LAND ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘White Sands National Park Proposed Boundary Revision & Transfer of Lands Be-tween National Park Service & Department of the Army’’, numbered 142/136,271, and dated February 14, 2017. (2) M
ILITARY MUNITIONS .—The term ‘‘military munitions’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(e) of title 10, United States Code. (3) M
ISSILE RANGE .—The term ‘‘missile range’’ means the White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, administered by the Secretary of the Army. (4) M
ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the White Sands National Monument, New Mexico, established by Presidential Procla-mation No. 2025 (54 U.S.C. 320301 note), dated January 18, 1933, and administered by the Sec-retary. (5) M
UNITIONS DEBRIS .—The term ‘‘munitions debris’’ has the meaning given the term in vol-ume 8 of the Department of Defense Manual Number 6055.09–M entitled ‘‘DoD Ammunitions and Explosives Safety Standards’’ and dated February 29, 2008 (as in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act). (6) P
ARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means the White Sands National Park established by subsection (b)(2)(A). (7) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—The term ‘‘Public Land Order’’ means Public Land Order 833, dated May 21, 1952 (17 Fed. Reg. 4822). (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (9) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of New Mexico. (b) W
HITE SANDS NATIONAL PARK.— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) White Sands National Monument was es-tablished on January 18, 1933, by President Her-bert Hoover under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Antiquities Act of 1906’’); (B) President Hoover proclaimed that the Monument was established ‘‘for the preservation of the white sands and additional features of scenic, scientific, and educational interest’’; (C) the Monument was expanded by Presi-dents Roosevelt, Eisenhower, Carter, and Clin-ton in 1934, 1942, 1953, 1978, and 1996, respec-tively; (D) the Monument contains a substantially more diverse set of nationally significant histor-ical, archaeological, scientific, and natural re-sources than were known of at the time the Monument was established, including a number of recent discoveries; (E) the Monument is recognized as a major unit of the National Park System with extraor-dinary values enjoyed by more visitors each year since 1995 than any other unit in the State; (F) the Monument contributes significantly to the local economy by attracting tourists; and (G) designation of the Monument as a na-tional park would increase public recognition of the diverse array of nationally significant re-sources at the Monument and visitation to the unit. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF WHITE SANDS NATIONAL  
PARK .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—To protect, preserve, and restore its scenic, scientific, educational, natural, geological, historical, cultural, archae-ological, paleontological, hydrological, fish, wildlife, and recreational values and to enhance visitor experiences, there is established in the State the White Sands National Park as a unit of the National Park System. (B) ABOLISHMENT OF WHITE SANDS NATIONAL  
MONUMENT .— (i) A
BOLISHMENT .—Due to the establishment of the Park, the Monument is abolished. (ii) I
NCORPORATION .—The land and interests in land that comprise the Monument are incor-porated in, and shall be considered to be part of, the Park. (C) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the ‘‘White Sands National Monument’’ shall be considered to be a reference to the ‘‘White Sands National Park’’. (D) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any funds available for the Monument shall be available for the Park. (E) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the Park in accordance with— (i) this subsection; and (ii) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including section 100101(a), chapter 1003, sections 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101, and chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (F) W
ORLD HERITAGE LIST NOMINATION .— (i) C
OUNTY CONCURRENCE .—The Secretary shall not submit a nomination for the Park to be included on the World Heritage List of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cul-tural Organization unless each county in which the Park is located concurs in the nomination. (ii) A
RMY NOTIFICATION .—Before submitting a nomination for the Park to be included on the World Heritage List of the United Nations Edu-cational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the Secretary shall notify the Secretary of the Army of the intent of the Secretary to nominate the Park. (G) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph af-fects— (i) valid existing rights (including water rights); (ii) permits or contracts issued by the Monu-ment; (iii) existing agreements, including agreements with the Department of Defense; (iv) the jurisdiction of the Department of De-fense regarding the restricted airspace above the Park; or (v) the airshed classification of the Park under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). (c) M
ODIFICATION OF BOUNDARIES OF WHITE S
ANDS NATIONAL PARK AND WHITE SANDS MIS-
SILERANGE.— (1) T
RANSFERS OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION.— (A) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION TO THE SECRETARY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Administrative jurisdiction over the land described in clause (ii) is trans-ferred from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary. (ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land referred to in clause (i) is— (I) the approximately 2,826 acres of land iden-tified as ‘‘To NPS, lands inside current bound-ary’’ on the Map; and (II) the approximately 5,766 acres of land identified as ‘‘To NPS, new additions’’ on the Map. (B) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION TO THE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Administrative jurisdiction over the land described in clause (ii) is trans-ferred from the Secretary to the Secretary of the Army. (ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land referred to in clause (i) is the approximately 3,737 acres of land identified as ‘‘To DOA’’ on the Map. (2) B
OUNDARY MODIFICATIONS .— (A) P
ARK.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The boundary of the Park is revised to reflect the boundary depicted on the Map. (ii) M
AP.— (I) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of the Army, shall pre-pare and keep on file for public inspection in the appropriate office of the Secretary a map and a legal description of the revised boundary of the Park. (II) E
FFECT .—The map and legal description under subclause (I) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this section, except that the Secretary may correct clerical and ty-pographical errors in the map and legal descrip-tion. (iii) B
OUNDARY SURVEY .—As soon as prac-ticable after the date of the establishment of the Park and subject to the availability of funds, the Secretary shall complete an official bound-ary survey of the Park. (B) M
ISSILE RANGE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The boundary of the missile range and the Public Land Order are modified to exclude the land transferred to the Secretary under paragraph (1)(A) and to include the land transferred to the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B). (ii) M
AP.—The Secretary shall prepare a map and legal description depicting the revised boundary of the missile range. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2854 of Public Law 104–201 (54 U.S.C. 320301 note) is re-pealed. (3) A
DMINISTRATION .— (A) P
ARK.—The Secretary shall administer the land transferred under paragraph (1)(A) in ac-cordance with laws (including regulations) ap-plicable to the Park. (B) M
ISSILE RANGE .—Subject to subparagraph (C), the Secretary of the Army shall administer the land transferred to the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B) as part of the mis-sile range. (C) I
NFRASTRUCTURE ; RESOURCE MANAGE -
MENT .— (i) R
ANGE ROAD 7 .— (I) I
NFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT .—To the maximum extent practicable, in planning, con-structing, and managing infrastructure on the land described in subclause (III), the Secretary of the Army shall apply low-impact development techniques and strategies to prevent impacts within the missile range and the Park from stormwater runoff from the land described in that subclause. (II) R
ESOURCE MANAGEMENT .—The Secretary of the Army shall— (aa) manage the land described in subclause (III) in a manner consistent with the protection of natural and cultural resources within the missile range and the Park and in accordance with section 101(a)(1)(B) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(a)(1)(B)), division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, and the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); and (bb) include the land described in subclause (III) in the integrated natural and cultural re-source management plan for the missile range. (III) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in subclauses (I) and (II) is the land that is transferred to the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Secretary of the Army under para-graph (1)(B) and located in the area east of Range Road 7 in— (aa) T. 17 S., R. 5 E., sec. 31; (bb) T. 18 S., R. 5 E.; and (cc) T. 19 S., R. 5 E., sec. 5. (ii) F
ENCE.— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall continue to allow the Secretary to main-tain the fence shown on the Map until such time as the Secretary determines that the fence is unnecessary for the management of the Park. (II) R
EMOVAL .—If the Secretary determines that the fence is unnecessary for the manage-ment of the Park under subclause (I), the Sec-retary shall promptly remove the fence at the expense of the Department of the Interior. (D) R
ESEARCH .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary may enter into an agreement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4168 June 19, 2018 
to allow the Secretary to conduct certain re-search in the area identified as ‘‘Cooperative Use Research Area’’ on the Map. (E) M
ILITARY MUNITIONS AND MUNITIONS DE -
BRIS.— (i) R
ESPONSE ACTION .—With respect to any Federal liability, the Secretary of the Army shall remain responsible for any response action addressing military munitions or munitions de-bris on the land transferred under paragraph (1)(A) to the same extent as on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (ii) I
NVESTIGATION OF MILITARY MUNITIONS  
AND MUNITIONS DEBRIS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may request that the Secretary of the Army conduct 1 or more investigations of military munitions or mu-nitions debris on any land transferred under paragraph (1)(A). (II) ACCESS .—The Secretary shall give access to the Secretary of the Army to the land covered by a request under subclause (I) for the pur-poses of conducting the 1 or more investigations under that subclause. (III) L
IMITATION .—An investigation conducted under this clause shall be subject to available appropriations. (iii) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—Any activities under-taken under this subparagraph shall be carried out in accordance with— (I) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (II) the purposes for which the Park was es-tablished; and (III) any other applicable law. SEC. 2837. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF INDIAN RIVER BRIDGE. 
Notwithstanding the limitation in section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration up to 50 percent of the shared costs of constructing the Indian River Bridge. The au-thority under this section shall expire on Octo-ber 1, 2022. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2901. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installation outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Bulgaria ............................................................... Nevo Selo FOS ........................................... ................................................... $5,200,000 
Poland ................................................................. Drawsko Pomorski Training Area .......................... ........................................ $17,000,000 
Powidz Air Base ........................................................................................... $87,000,000 
Zagan Training Area .................................................................................... $40,400,000 
Romania .............................................................. Mihail Kogalniceanu FOS ................................... .......................................... $21,651,000 
SEC. 2902. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Greece .................................................................. Souda Bay .............................................. ..................................................... $47,850,000 
Italy .................................................................... Sigonella ............................................. ......................................................... $66,050,000 
Spain ................................................................... Rota ................................................... .......................................................... $21,590,000 
United Kingdom ................................................... Lossiemouth ................................................... .............................................. $79,130,000 
SEC. 2903. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Germany .............................................................. Ramstein Air Base ......................................... ............................................... $119,000,000 
Norway ................................................................ Rygge .................................................... ....................................................... $13,800,000 
Slovakia ............................................................... Malacky ................................................. ...................................................... $59,000,000 
United Kingdom ................................................... RAF Fairford .................................................. ............................................. $106,000,000 
SEC. 2904. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Estonia ................................................................ Unspecified ............................................. ..................................................... $15,700,000 
Qatar ................................................................... Al Udeid ............................................... ........................................................ $60,000,000 
SEC. 2905. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the military construction projects outside the United States authorized by this title as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4169 June 19, 2018 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for the activities of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT P
ROJECTS .—From funds referred to in subsection (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration as follows: Project 19–D–670, 138kV Power Transmission System Replacement, Nevada National Security Site, Nevada, $6,000,000. Project 19–D–660, Lithium Production Capa-bility, Y–12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, $19,000,000. Project 19–D–930, KS Overhead Piping, Kessel-ring Site, West Milton, New York, $10,994,000. 
SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for defense environmental cleanup ac-tivities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3104. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 3111. CLARIFICATION OF ROLES AND AU-THORITIES OF NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  O
RGANIZATION ACT.— (1) U
NDER SECRETARY FOR NUCLEAR SECU -
RITY.—Section 202(c)(3) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(c)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘Act.’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘may be delegated’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Act (50 U.S.C. 2402). In carrying out the functions of the Administrator, the Under Secretary shall be subject to the author-ity of the Secretary in accordance with section 3219 of that Act (50 U.S.C. 2409). Such authority may be delegated’’. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF POLICY .—Section 213 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Under Secretary for Nuclear Secu-rity,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘programs and activities of the Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘regulations, policies, and activities of the Administration with respect to health and safety’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘those programs and activi-ties’’ and inserting ‘‘those regulations, policies, and activities’’; and (C) by striking subsection (c). (b) A
MENDMENTS TO NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECU-
RITY ADMINISTRATION ACT.— (1) A
DMINISTRATOR FOR NUCLEAR SECURITY .— Section 3212 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2402) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and activities’’ and inserting ‘‘, poli-cies, regulations, and rules’’; and (ii) in paragraph (9), by striking the end pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, subject to the policies of the Department of Energy.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, unless disapproved by the Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out the mission and functions of the Adminis-tration, except as provided by section 3219’’. (2) GENERAL COUNSEL .—Section 3217 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2407) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘There is’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is’’; (B) by striking the end period and inserting ‘‘and shall report to the Administrator.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
VOIDANCE OF COORDINATION AND DUPLI-
CATION .—The General Counsel shall be inde-pendent from and may not duplicate the efforts of the General Counsel of the Department of En-ergy appointed under section 202(e) of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(e)).’’. (3) S
TAFF.—Section 3218 of the National Nu-clear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2408) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(c) R
EPORTING .—The staff of the Administra-tion shall report to the Administrator through the appropriate structures of the Administra-tion. ‘‘(d) A
VOIDANCE OF COORDINATION AND DUPLI-
CATION .—The staff of the Administration per-forming functions specified in subsection (b) shall be independent from and may not dupli-cate the efforts of staff of elements of the De-partment of Energy other than the Administra-tion that perform functions similar to the func-tions specified in subsection (b). ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROHIBITION ON DUAL O
FFICE HOLDING .—The prohibition under sec-tion 3220(d) shall apply to staff of the Adminis-tration performing functions specified in sub-section (b).’’. (4) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3219 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2409) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
TO 
MODIFY ORGANIZATION OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘ WITH  
RESPECT TO ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary of En-ergy, acting through the Administrator, shall be responsible for setting broad priorities for the Administration. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may disapprove any ac-tion, policy, regulation, or rule of the Adminis-trator if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary submits to the congres-sional defense committees justification for such disapproval; and ‘‘(B) a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date on which such justification was sub-mitted. ‘‘(3) Except as provided by this section, the Administrator shall have complete authority to establish and conduct oversight of policies, ac-tivities, and procedures of the Administration without direction or oversight by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) The authority of the Secretary under paragraphs (1) and (2) may be delegated only to the Deputy Secretary of Energy, without further redelegation. ‘‘(b) O
RGANIZATION OF ADMINISTRATION .— Notwithstanding’’; and (iii) in subsection (b), as designated by clause (ii), by striking ‘‘subsection (b) or (c) of’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration Act is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 3219 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3219. Scope of authority of Secretary of Energy with respect to Adminis-tration.’’. (5) STATUS OF PERSONNEL .—Section 3220 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2410) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A); and (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the end pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, except as provided by sec-tion 3219.’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking the end pe-riod and inserting ‘‘and except as provided by section 3219.’’. (6) O
FFICE OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR SECURITY .— Section 3232 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2422) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator.’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary and’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Department’’ and inserting ‘‘Department of Energy’’. (7) C
OUNTERINTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS .—Sec- tion 3233 of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration Act (50 U.S.C. 2423) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, in coordi-nation with the Administrator,’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, in coordi-nation with the Administrator,’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’. (8) A
UTHORIZED PERSONNEL LEVELS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3241A of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AU-
THORIZED ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ANNUAL REPORT ON ’’; (ii) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Administration for each fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report containing the following infor-mation as of the date of the report: ‘‘(1) The number of full-time equivalent em-ployees of the Office of the Administrator. ‘‘(2) The number of service support contracts of the Administration and whether such con-tracts are funded using program or program di-rection funds. ‘‘(3) The number of full-time equivalent con-tractor employees working under each contract identified under paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) The number of full-time equivalent con-tractor employees described in paragraph (3) that have been employed under such a contract for a period greater than two years. ‘‘(5) With respect to each contract identified under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) the cost of the contract; and ‘‘(B) identification of the program or program direction accounts that support the contract.’’; (iii) by striking subsection (c); (iv) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (v) by striking subsection (f). (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration Act is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 3241A and inserting the fol-lowing new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4170 June 19, 2018 
‘‘Sec. 3241A. Annual report on personnel levels of the Office of the Adminis-trator.’’. (9) C
OMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Section 3262 of the National Nu-clear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2462) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘specific to the Administra-tion’’ after ‘‘procedures’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PROCEDURES .—The procedures established under subsection (a) shall be separate from procedures applied to ele-ments of the Department of Energy other than the Administration.’’. (10) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3281(2)(A) of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Cam-pus’’. (c) A
MENDMENTS TO ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE  A
CT.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 4002(9)(A) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501(9)(A)) is amended striking ‘‘Plant’’ and in-serting ‘‘National Security Campus’’. (2) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 4201(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Administrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator’’. (3) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP CRITERIA .—Sec- tion 4202 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2522) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘S
ECRETARY ’’ and inserting ‘‘D EPARTMENT ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council’’. (4) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP , MANAGEMENT , 
AND RESPONSIVENESS PLAN .—Section 4203 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2523) is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘quadrennial defense review if such strategy has not been submitted as of the date of the plan’’ and inserting ‘‘national defense strat-egy’’; (B) in subsection (e)(1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘or the most recent quadrennial defense review, as applicable under subsection (d)(4)(A), and the’’ and inserting ‘‘, the national defense strategy, and the most recent’’; and (C) in subsection (f)— (i) by striking paragraph (4); (ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The term ‘national defense strategy’ means the review of the defense programs and policies of the United States that is carried out every four years under section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (5) S
TOCKPILE MANAGEMENT PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 4204 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2524) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator and in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator, in consultation with the Nuclear Weapons Council’’; and (B) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of En-ergy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (6) NUCLEAR TEST BAN READINESS PROGRAM .— Section 4207 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2527) is amended, in subsections (a) and (c), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (7) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SPECIFIC REQUEST FOR  
NEW OR MODIFIED NUCLEAR WEAPONS .—Section 4209 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘in the budget’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in the budget justifica-tion materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Energy budget for that fis-cal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code).’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary shall include in a request for funds under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘A request for funds under subsection (a) shall include’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’. (8) M
ANUFACTURING INFRASTRUCTURE FOR NU -
CLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE .—Section 4212 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2532) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘most recent’’ before ‘‘Nu-clear Posture Review’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Complex’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Campus’’. (9) R
EPORTS ON LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4216 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2536) is amend-ed— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
LIFE-
TIME’’ and inserting ‘‘ LIFE’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘lifetime’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘life’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4216 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4216. Reports on life extension pro-grams.’’. (10) S
ELECTED ACQUISITION REPORTS .—Section 4217 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2537) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘the Sec-retary of Energy, acting through the Adminis-trator,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Secretary of En-ergy, acting through the Administrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘the Sec-retary or’’. (11) A
DVICE ON SAFETY , SECURITY , AND RELI -
ABILITY OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE .—Sec- tion 4218 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538) is amended— (A) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘or the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Com-mand’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘, a member of the Nuclear Weapons Council, or the Commander of the United States Strategic Command’’ and insert-ing ‘‘or a member of the Nuclear Weapons Coun-cil’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘member, or Commander’’ and inserting ‘‘or member’’. (12) S
TOCKPILE RESPONSIVENESS PLAN .—Sec- tion 4220(b) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538b(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator and’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and in-serting ‘‘Nuclear Weapons Council’’. (13) TRITIUM PRODUCTION PROGRAM .—Section 4231 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2541) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (B) in subsections (b) and (c), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (14) M
ODERNIZATION AND CONSOLIDATION OF  
TRITIUM RECYCLING FACILITIES .—Section 4234 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2544) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’. (15) P
ROCEDURES FOR MEETING TRITIUM PRO -
DUCTION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 4235 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2545) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (C) by striking subsection (c). (16) C
ERTIFICATION OF STATUS OF SECURITY OF  
FACILITIES .—Section 4506 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2657) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘September 30’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and in-serting ‘‘congressional defense committees’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and the Department of Energy’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘to the Sec-retary’’; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘December 1 of each even-numbered year, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31 of each even-num-bered year, the Secretary of Energy’’. (17) C
ERTIFICATES OF COMMENDATION FOR EX -
EMPLARY SERVICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4605 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2705) is amend-ed— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
DE-
PARTMENT OF ENERGY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ADMINIS -
TRATION ’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; (II) by striking ‘‘a Department’’ and inserting ‘‘an Administration’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘the Department’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Administration’’; and (iii) in subsection (c)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘D
E-
PARTMENT OF ENERGY ’’ and inserting ‘‘A DMINIS -
TRATION ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administra-tion’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4605 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 4605. Authority to provide certificate of commendation to Administration and contractor employees for ex-emplary service in stockpile stew-ardship and security.’’. (18) E
XECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TRAINING .—Sec- tion 4621 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2721) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and the Administrator’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4171 June 19, 2018 
(B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘and Ad-ministration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’. (19) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP RECRUITMENT  
AND TRAINING PROGRAM .—Section 4622 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2722) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (20) F
ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—Section 4623 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2723) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘Depart-ment of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administra-tion’’; (C) in subsections (c) and (d), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (D) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Defense Pro-grams,’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator shall’’; and (E) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (21) T
RANSFER OF WEAPONS ACTIVITIES  
FUNDS .—Section 4711 of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2751) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Secretary, acting through the Administrator,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator’’; and (C) in subsection (e)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Department’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’. (22) N
OTIFICATION OF COST OVERRUNS .—Sec- tion 4713(c)(2)(B) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753(c)(2)(B)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘or the Administration’’ after ‘‘Depart-ment of Energy’’. (23) L
IFE-CYCLE COST ESTIMATES .—Section 4714(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2754(a)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘413.3’’ and inserting ‘‘413.3B’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, or a successor order,’’ after ‘‘assets)’’. (24) U
NFUNDED PRIORITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4716 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2756) is amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘
NATIONAL  
NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
ADMINISTRATION ’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4716 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4716. Unfunded priorities of the Adminis-tration.’’. (25) R
EVIEWS OF CAPITAL ASSETS ACQUISITION  
PROJECTS .—Section 4733(d)(3)(B) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2773(d)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘413.3’’ and inserting ‘‘413.3B’’. (26) L
ABORATORY -DIRECTED RESEARCH AND DE -
VELOPMENT PROGRAMS .—Section 4811 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or the Ad-ministration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the Secretary’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘such laboratories’’ and insert-ing ‘‘government-owned, contractor-operated laboratories funded out of funds available to the Department of Energy’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Administrator shall prescribe regula-tions for the conduct of laboratory-directed re-search and development at government-owned, contractor-operated laboratories funded out of funds available to the Administration.’’; and (C) in subsection (c)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or the Administrator, as ap-plicable,’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’. (27) REPORT ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RESEARCH  
AND DEVELOPMENT .—Section 4812A of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2793) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘R
E-
QUIRED ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFSECRETARY OF EN-
ERGY’’; and (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘na-tional security mission of the Department of En-ergy’’ and inserting ‘‘defense environmental cleanup and other defense missions of the De-partment of Energy (other than the national se-curity mission of the Administration)’’; (B) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (C) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) R
EPORT OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Ad- ministrator shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees, with the report of the Sec-retary required by subsection (a), a report on the funds expended during the preceding fiscal year on activities under the laboratory-directed research and development program of the Ad-ministration. The purpose of the report is to per-mit an assessment of the extent to which such activities support the national security mission of the Administration.’’. 
SEC. 3112. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-ISTRATION PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3248. ALTERNATIVE PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator may adapt the pay banding and performance-based pay adjustment demonstration project carried out by the Administration under the authority provided by section 4703 of title 5, United States Code, into a permanent alternative personnel system for the Administration (to be known as the ‘National Nuclear Security Administration Personnel System’) and implement that system with respect to employees of the Administration. ‘‘(b) M
ODIFICATIONS .—In adapting the dem-onstration project described in subsection (a) into a permanent alternative personnel system, the Administrator— ‘‘(1) may, subject to paragraph (2), revise the requirements and limitations of the demonstra-tion project to the extent necessary; and ‘‘(2) shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that the permanent alternative personnel system is carried out in a manner con-sistent with the final plan for the demonstration project published in the Federal Register on De-cember 21, 2007 (72 Fed. Reg. 72776); ‘‘(B) ensure that significant changes in the system not take effect until revisions to the plan for the demonstration project are approved by the Office of Personnel Management and pub-lished in the Federal Register; ‘‘(C) ensure that procedural modifications or clarifications to the final plan for the dem-onstration project be made through local notifi-cation processes; ‘‘(D) authorize, and establish incentives for, employees of the Administration to have rota-tional assignments among different programs of the Administration, the headquarters and field offices of the Administration, and the manage-ment and operating contractors of the Adminis-tration; and ‘‘(E) establish requirements for employees of the Administration who are in the permanent alternative personnel system described in sub-section (a) to be promoted to senior-level posi-tions in the Administration, including require-ments with respect to— ‘‘(i) professional training and continuing edu-cation; and ‘‘(ii) a certain number and types of rotational assignments under subparagraph (D), as deter-mined by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION TO NAVAL NUCLEAR PRO-
PULSION PROGRAM .—The Director of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program established pursu-ant to section 4101 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2511) and section 3216 of this Act may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Navy, apply the alternative personnel sys-tem under subsection (a) to— ‘‘(1) all employees of the Naval Nuclear Pro-pulsion Program in the competitive service (as defined in section 2102 of title 5, United States Code); and ‘‘(2) all employees of the Department of Navy who are assigned to the Naval Nuclear Propul-sion Program and are in the excepted service (as defined in section 2103 of title 5, United States Code) (other than such employees in statutory excepted service systems).’’. (b) B
RIEFING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator for Nuclear Security shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional com-mittees on the implementation of section 3248 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act, as added by subsection (a). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate and the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives; and (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form of the House of Representatives. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 3116 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), and (d) as subsections (a), (b), and (c), respectively; and (3) in paragraph (1) of subsection (c), as so re-designated— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘imple-mentation of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘implementation of subsection (a)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-section (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3247 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3248. Alternative personnel system.’’. 
SEC. 3113. AMENDMENTS TO THE ATOMIC EN-ERGY ACT OF 1954. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS .—Section 57 b.(2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)(2)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘the Department of Defense.’’ the following: ‘‘The Department of State, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Department of Commerce, and the Department of Defense shall submit to the Secretary of En-ergy their comments on the determination of the Secretary under the previous sentence and any information and analysis needed to support their positions.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4172 June 19, 2018 
(b) D ELEGATION OF FUNCTIONS .—Section 161 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2201) is amended by striking subsection n. and insert-ing the following new subsection n.: ‘‘n. delegate to the General Manager or other officers of the Commission— ‘‘(1) the functions assigned to the Commission under section 57 b. on a case-by-case basis con-sistent with the national security interests of the United States; and ‘‘(2) any of the other functions assigned to the Commission under this Act except those speci-fied in section 51, 61, 108, 123, 145 b. (with re-spect to the determination of those persons to whom the Commission may reveal Restricted Data in the national interest), 145 f., or 161 a.;’’. (c) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—Section 234 a. of the Atomic Energy Act (42 U.S.C. 2282(a)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘57,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2) vio-lates any provision of section 57, or (3)’’. (d) R
EPORT .—Section 3136(e)(2) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (42 U.S.C. 2077a(e)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-paragraph (E); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) any delegation of the functions under such section 57 b. made under section 161 n.(1) of that Act, including to whom such functions were delegated;’’; (4) in subparagraph (E), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F)(i) an explanation and justification of any determination under paragraph (2) of such section 57 b. that an authorization to transfer United States civil nuclear technology to a for-eign country is not in the interest of the United States, and any conditions placed on such an authorization, including any such determina-tion or conditions resulting from coordination with the Department of State, the Nuclear Reg-ulatory Commission, the Department of Com-merce, and the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(ii) an explanation and justification of any extensions of the deadlines established under the procedures required by section 57 b.’’. (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Energy has the authority to impose civil penalties for violations of section 57 b.(2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)(2)), any rule, regulation, or order issued under that section, or any term, condition, or limitation of any license or certifi-cation issued under that section. (f) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall— (1) revise the regulations of the Department of Energy to reflect the authority of the Secretary to impose civil penalties for the violations de-scribed in subsection (e); or (2) submit to Congress a report describing— (A) why the Secretary cannot make such revi-sions; and (B) what additional amendments to law would be required to enable the Secretary to do so. 
SEC. 3114. EXTENSION OF ENHANCED PROCURE-MENT AUTHORITY TO MANAGE SUP-PLY CHAIN RISK. 
Section 4806(g)(3) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2786(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘four’’ and inserting ‘‘10’’. 
SEC. 3115. PILOT PROGRAM ON CONDUCT BY DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY OF BACK-GROUND REVIEWS FOR ACCESS BY CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS TO NA-TIONAL SECURITY LABORATORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall establish a pilot program to assess the fea-sibility and advisability of conducting back-ground reviews required by section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) within the Department of Energy. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—Under the pilot program established under subsection (a), the Secretary may admit an individual described in section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) to a facility of a national secu-rity laboratory described in that section if, in addition to the conduct of a background review under subsection (a) with respect to that indi-vidual— (1) the Secretary determines that the admis-sion of that individual to that facility is in the national interest and will further science, tech-nology, and engineering capabilities in support of the mission of the Department of Energy; and (2) a security plan is developed and imple-mented to mitigate the risks associated with the admission of that individual to that facility. (c) R
OLES OF SECRETARY AND DIRECTOR OF  N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE AND DIRECTOR OF FED-
ERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .— (1) R
OLE OF SECRETARY .—Under the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a), the Secretary shall conduct background reviews for all individuals described in section 4502(a) of the Atomic En-ergy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) seeking ad-mission to facilities of national security labora-tories described in that section. Such reviews by the Secretary shall be conducted independent of and in addition to background reviews con-ducted by the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation under that section. (2) R
OLES OF DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTEL -
LIGENCE AND DIRECTOR OF FEDERAL BUREAU OF  
INVESTIGATION .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), during the period during which the pilot program established under subsection (a) is being carried out, the Director of National Intel-ligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall retain primary responsi-bility for the conduct of all background reviews required by section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)). (d) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program estab-lished under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the pilot program established under subsection (a) terminates under subsection (d), the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the conduct of background reviews under the pilot program that includes— (1) a comparison of the effectiveness of and timelines required for background reviews con-ducted by the Secretary under the pilot program and background reviews conducted by the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation under section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)); and (2) the number of such reviews conducted for individuals who are citizens or agents of each country on the sensitive countries list referred to in that section. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘national security laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). SEC. 3116. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR AC-CEPTANCE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FOR ACCELERATION OF REMOVAL OR SE-CURITY OF FISSILE MATERIALS, RA-DIOLOGICAL MATERIALS, AND RE-LATED EQUIPMENT AT VULNERABLE SITES WORLDWIDE. 
Section 3132(f)(7) of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569(f)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2023’’. 
SEC. 3117. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON DE-VELOPMENT OF LOW-YIELD NU-CLEAR WEAPONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The global posture of strategic nuclear forces has changed dramatically during the 10 years preceding the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion— (A) is violating the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet So-cialist Republics on the Elimination of their In-termediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and en-tered into force June 1, 1988 (commonly known as the ‘‘INF Treaty’’); (B) is expanding its nuclear delivery systems beyond the limitations provided for under the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and en-tered into force on February 5, 2011 (commonly known as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’); and (C) has considerable numerical advantages over the United States in tactical nuclear weap-ons. (3) Congress concurs with the findings of the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review. (4) United States nuclear forces must adjust to new strategic realities. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION .—Section 3116(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1746; 50 U.S.C. 2529 note) is amended by striking ‘‘specifically authorized by Con-gress’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary specifically requests funding for the development of that weapon pursuant to section 4209(a) of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529(a))’’. 
SEC. 3118. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TERMINATING ACTIVITIES AT MOX FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-able for the Department of Energy by this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year before fiscal year 2020 may be obligated or expended— (1) to terminate construction and project sup-port activities at the MOX facility; or (2) to convert the MOX facility to be used for any purpose other than its original mission. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘MOX facility’’ and ‘‘project support activities’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3121(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
SEC. 3121. MODIFICATIONS TO COST-BENEFIT ANALYSES FOR COMPETITION OF MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING CON-TRACTS. 
Section 3121 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2175), as most recently amend-ed by section 3135 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1207), is further amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .—If the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security awards a new con-tract to manage and operate a facility of the National Nuclear Security Administration, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4173 June 19, 2018 
Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report described in sub-section (b) with respect to the contract by not later than 30 days after the completion of the period required to transition to the contract.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3), by inserting ‘‘, the costs of the transition to the contract from the previous contract,’’ after ‘‘conducting the com-petition’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Comptroller General shall de-termine, in consultation with the congressional defense committees, whether to conduct a com-prehensive review of a report required by sub-section (a). ‘‘(B) S
UBMISSION .—The Comptroller General shall submit a comprehensive review conducted under subparagraph (A) of a report required by subsection (a) to the congressional defense com-mittees not later than 3 years after that report is submitted to such committees. ‘‘(C) E
LEMENTS .—A comprehensive review conducted under subparagraph (A) of a report required by subsection (a) shall include an as-sessment, based on the most current information available, of the following: ‘‘(i) The actual cost savings achieved com-pared to cost savings estimated under subsection (b)(1), and any increased costs incurred under the contract that were unexpected or uncertain at the time the contract was awarded. ‘‘(ii) Any disruptions or delays in mission ac-tivities or deliverables resulting from the com-petition for the contract compared to the disrup-tions and delays estimated under subsection (b)(4). ‘‘(iii) Whether expected benefits of the com-petition with respect to mission performance or operations have been achieved. ‘‘(iv) Such other matters as the Comptroller General considers appropriate.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 3122. REVIEW OF DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to conduct a review of the defense en-vironmental cleanup activities of the Office of Environmental Management of the Department of Energy. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review conducted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) project management practices with respect to the activities described in subsection (a); (B) the outcomes of such activities; and (C) the appropriateness of the level of engage-ment and oversight of the Office of Environ-mental Management with respect to such activi-ties; and (2) recommendations with respect to actions to enhance the effectiveness of such activities. 
SEC. 3123. SURVEY OF WORKFORCE OF NATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORIES AND NU-CLEAR WEAPONS PRODUCTION FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) a detailed proposal for a survey of the workforce of the national security laboratories and nuclear weapons production facilities that is modeled on the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey of the Office of Personnel Management; (2) the determination of the Administrator with respect to whether to implement the survey; and (3) if the Administrator determines not to im-plement the survey, a description of the reasons for that determination. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION FACTORS .—The report re-quired by subsection (a) shall address factors as-sociated with implementation of the survey de-scribed in that subsection, including— (1) the costs of designing the survey; (2) the time required for and the costs of ad-ministering the survey and analyzing the data from the survey; (3) the periodicity of administering the survey to ascertain trends; and (4) any other matters the Administrator con-siders appropriate. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘national security laboratory’’ and ‘‘nuclear weapons production facility’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). 
SEC. 3124. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORT OF OWNER ’SAGENT ON HANFORD  W
ASTE TREATMENT AND IMMOBILIZATION PLANT C
ONTRACT .—Section 4446 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2626) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. (b) F
UTURE -YEARS DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL  M
ANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4402A of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2582a) is re-pealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4402A. (c) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION OF SHIPMENTS TO  W
ASTE ISOLATION PILOT PLANT.—Section 3115 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2759) is repealed. 
SEC. 3125. IMPLEMENTATION OF NUCLEAR POS-TURE REVIEW BY NATIONAL NU-CLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2018, the Administrator for Nuclear Se-curity shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the implementation of the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review by the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of specific actions associated with implementation of the policies set forth in the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review applicable to the National Nuclear Security Administration. (2) For each such action— (A) an identification of the office within the Administration with responsibility for the ac-tion; and (B) key milestones for the action. (3) A discussion of any challenges to success-fully implementing such actions. (4) A description of the process established for monitoring the implementation of such actions. (5) A description of policy decisions by the Ad-ministrator that are necessary to complete the implementation of such actions. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019, $31,243,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 109 of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 109. Maritime Administration ‘‘(a) O
RGANIZATION AND MISSION .—The Mari- time Administration is an administration in the Department of Transportation. The mission of the Maritime Administration is to foster, pro-mote, and develop the merchant maritime indus-try of the United States. ‘‘(b) M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATOR .—The head of the Maritime Administration is the Maritime Administrator, who is appointed by the Presi-dent by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Administrator shall report directly to the Secretary of Transportation and carry out the duties prescribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) DEPUTY MARITIME ADMINISTRATOR .—The Maritime Administration shall have a Deputy Maritime Administrator, who is appointed in the competitive service by the Secretary, after con-sultation with the Administrator. The Deputy Administrator shall carry out the duties pre-scribed by the Administrator. The Deputy Ad-ministrator shall be Acting Administrator during the absence or disability of the Administrator and, unless the Secretary designates another in-dividual, during a vacancy in the office of Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(d) D
UTIES AND POWERS VESTED IN SEC-
RETARY .—All duties and powers of the Maritime Administration are vested in the Secretary. ‘‘(e) R
EGIONAL OFFICES .—The Maritime Ad-ministration shall have regional offices for the Atlantic, Gulf, Great Lakes, and Pacific port ranges, and may have other regional offices as necessary. The Secretary shall appoint a quali-fied individual as Director of each regional of-fice. The Secretary shall carry out appropriate activities and programs of the Maritime Admin-istration through the regional offices. ‘‘(f) I
NTERAGENCY AND INDUSTRY RELATIONS .— The Secretary shall establish and maintain liai-son with other agencies, and with representative trade organizations throughout the United States, concerned with the transportation of commodities by water in the export and import foreign commerce of the United States, for the purpose of securing preference to vessels of the United States for the transportation of those commodities. ‘‘(g) D
ETAILING OFFICERS FROM ARMED  F
ORCES .—To assist the Secretary in carrying out duties and powers relating to the Maritime Ad-ministration, not more than five officers of the Armed Forces may be detailed to the Secretary at any one time, in addition to details author-ized by any other law. During the period of a detail, the Secretary shall pay the officer an amount that, when added to the officer’s pay and allowances as an officer in the Armed Forces, makes the officer’s total pay and allow-ances equal to the amount that would be paid to an individual performing work the Secretary considers to be of similar importance, difficulty, and responsibility as that performed by the offi-cer during the detail. ‘‘(h) C
ONTRACTS , COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS , 
ANDAUDITS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—In the same manner that a private cor-poration may make a contract within the scope of its authority under its charter, the Secretary may make contracts and cooperative agreements for the United States Government and disburse amounts to— ‘‘(A) carry out the Secretary’s duties and powers under this section, subtitle V of title 46, and all other Maritime Administration pro-grams; and ‘‘(B) protect, preserve, and improve collateral held by the Secretary to secure indebtedness. ‘‘(2) A
UDITS .—The financial transactions of the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be au-dited by the Comptroller General. The Comp-troller General shall allow credit for an expendi-ture shown to be necessary because of the na-ture of the business activities authorized by this section or subtitle V of title 46. At least once a year, the Comptroller General shall report to Congress any departure by the Secretary from this section or subtitle V of title 46. ‘‘(i) G
RANT ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided by law, the adminis-trative and related expenses for the administra-tion of any grant programs by the Maritime Ad-ministrator may not exceed 3 percent. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, there are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be nec-essary to carry out the duties and powers of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4174 June 19, 2018 
Secretary relating to the Maritime Administra-tion. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Only those amounts spe-cifically authorized by law may be appropriated for the use of the Maritime Administration for— ‘‘(A) acquisition, construction, or reconstruc-tion of vessels; ‘‘(B) construction-differential subsidies inci-dent to the construction, reconstruction, or re-conditioning of vessels; ‘‘(C) costs of national defense features; ‘‘(D) payments of obligations incurred for op-erating-differential subsidies; ‘‘(E) expenses necessary for research and de-velopment activities, including reimbursement of the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund for losses resulting from expenses of experimental vessel operations; ‘‘(F) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund; ‘‘(G) National Defense Reserve Fleet expenses; ‘‘(H) expenses necessary to carry out part B of subtitle V of title 46; and ‘‘(I) other operations and training expenses related to the development of waterborne trans-portation systems, the use of waterborne trans-portation systems, and general administra-tion.’’. SEC. 3502. PERMANENT AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO ISSUE VESSEL WAR RISK INSUR-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53912 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 539 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 53912. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in this division specifies a dollar amount author-ized for a project, program, or activity, the obli-gation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. (b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) be based on merit-based selection proce-dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and (2) comply with other applicable provisions of law. (c) RELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PROGRAM -
MING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the funding tables in this division may be trans-ferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or re-programming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The trans-fer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or section 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. (d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. (e) O
RALWRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .—No oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 2 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 744 744 3 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 43,326 43,326 4 RQ–11 (RAVEN) ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................ 46,416 46,416 ROTARY 7 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ................................................................................................ ...................................................... 753,248 753,248 8 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN AP ............................................................................................. .................................................... 174,550 174,550 9 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD ............................................................................................ ................................................... 284,687 284,687 10 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD AP ........................................................................................ .................................................. 58,600 58,600 11 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ............................................................................................... .................................................... 988,810 988,810 12 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) AP ............................................................................................ .................................................. 106,150 106,150 13 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................. ................................................... 146,138 146,138 14 CH–47 HELICOPTER ............................................................................................................ .................................................................... 99,278 99,278 15 CH–47 HELICOPTER AP ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 24,235 24,235 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 18 UNIVERSAL GROUND CONTROL EQUIPMENT (UAS) .................................................................................... ........................................ 27,114 27,114 19 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 ............................................................................................................ .................................................................. 97,781 97,781 20 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 52,274 52,274 21 AH–64 MODS .................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 104,996 104,996 22 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) ........................................................................................... .................................................. 7,807 7,807 23 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ................................................................ 5,573 5,573 24 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 7,522 7,522 25 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 20,448 20,448 26 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................. ....................................................... 17,719 17,719 27 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS ..................................................................................................... ........................................................... 6,443 6,443 28 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN .................................................................................................... ......................................................... 123,614 123,614 29 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE ..................................................................................................... .......................................................... 161,969 161,969 30 DEGRADED VISUAL ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................. .................................................... 30,000 30,000 31 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 26,848 26,848 32 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 103,246 103,246 33 UAS MODS .................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 17,644 17,644 GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 34 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ................................................. 57,170 57,170 35 SURVIVABILITY CM ............................................................................................................ ................................................................... 5,853 5,853 36 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ .............................................................................. 13,496 13,496 37 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..................................................................................... ....................................... 36,839 36,839 OTHER SUPPORT 38 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ....................................................... 1,778 1,778 39 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ...................................................... 34,818 34,818 40 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ....................................................... 27,243 27,243 41 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 63,872 63,872 42 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ 1,417 1,417 43 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ 1,901 1,901 44 LAUNCHER GUIDED MISSILE: LONGBOW HELLFIRE XM2 ............................................................................... .................................... 991 991 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .............3,782,558 3,782,558 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 1 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ..................................................................................... ............................................ 111,395 111,395 2 MSE MISSILE .................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 871,276 871,276 3 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I .................................................................................. ........................................... 145,636 645,636 Acceleration of cruise missile defense ......................................................................................... .......................................................... [500,000] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4175 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
4 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I AP ............................................................................... ......................................... 31,286 31,286 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 6 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) .............................................................................................. ..................................................... 276,462 276,462 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 8 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. .................................................. 303,665 303,665 9 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 105,014 105,014 10 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY AP ..................................................................................................... .......................................................... 19,949 19,949 11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .................................................................................................. ........................................................ 359,613 359,613 12 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) .................................................................................. ....................................... 20,964 20,964 MODIFICATIONS 15 PATRIOT MODS ................................................................................................................ ...................................................................... 313,228 313,228 16 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 221,656 141,656 Requested quantity exceeds maximum ............................................................................................. ..................................................... [–80,000] 17 GMLRS MOD ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 266 266 18 STINGER MODS ................................................................................................................ ...................................................................... 94,756 94,756 19 AVENGER MODS ................................................................................................................ ..................................................................... 48,670 48,670 20 ITAS/TOW MODS ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 3,173 3,173 21 MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 383,216 383,216 22 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 10,196 10,196 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 23 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 27,737 27,737 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 24 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 6,417 6,417 25 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .......................................................... 1,202 1,202 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ................3,355,777 3,775,777 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 2 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................................... ........................................... 479,801 379,801 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ................................................................. [–100,000] MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 4 STRYKER (MOD) ................................................................................................................ ..................................................................... 287,490 138,100 Army requested transfer ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. [–149,390] 5 STRYKER UPGRADE .............................................................................................................. ................................................................. 21,900 171,290 Army requested transfer ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. [149,390] 6 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 625,424 301,424 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ................................................................. [–324,000] 7 M109 FOV MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................. 26,482 26,482 8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ............................................ 351,802 461,802 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ................................................................. [110,000] 9 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................... ....................................... 110,500 110,500 10 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 2,120 2,120 11 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ......................................................... 62,407 62,407 12 M88 FOV MODS ................................................................................................................ ....................................................................... 4,517 4,517 13 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ........................................................................................................ ................................................................ 142,255 142,255 14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 927,600 927,600 15 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ........................................................ 1,075,999 1,075,999 WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) ............................................................................................ ..................................................... 1,955 1,955 19 MULTI-ROLE ANTI-ARMOR ANTI-PERSONNEL WEAPON S ............................................................................... ................................... 23,345 23,345 20 GUN AUTOMATIC 30MM M230 ..................................................................................................... ........................................................... 7,434 7,434 21 MACHINE GUN, CAL .50 M2 ROLL ................................................................................................ .......................................................... 22,330 22,330 22 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ................................................................... 12,470 12,470 23 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ......................................................................................... ............................................. 697 697 24 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ............................................ 46,236 46,236 
25 CARBINE ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 69,306 69,306 26 SMALL ARMS—FIRE CONTROL ..................................................................................................... ........................................................ 7,929 7,929 27 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION .................................................................................... .................................... 35,968 35,968 28 HANDGUN ..................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 48,251 48,251 MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 29 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS .............................................................................................. ................................................... 1,684 1,684 30 M777 MODS ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 3,086 3,086 31 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................. ................................................................... 31,575 31,575 32 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 21,600 21,600 33 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................... ......................................................... 3,924 3,924 34 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 6,940 6,940 35 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................. ......................................................... 2,747 2,747 36 M119 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... .................................................................. 5,704 5,704 37 MORTAR MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 3,965 3,965 38 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ................................................................................... ............................................ 5,577 5,577 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 39 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................... ..................................................... 3,174 3,174 40 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ......................................................................................... ............................................. 3,284 3,284 41 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ..................................................................................... ........................................... 1,640 1,640 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............4,489,118 4,175,118 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ 41,848 35,148 FY2018 Omnibus forward finance ................................................................................................. ........................................................ [–6,700] 2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ 86,199 86,199 3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................ 20,158 20,158 4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ................................................................. 65,573 65,573 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4176 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 8,198 8,198 7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 77,995 77,995 8 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 69,781 69,781 MORTAR AMMUNITION 9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................ 45,280 45,280 10 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 46,853 46,853 11 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 83,003 83,003 TANK AMMUNITION 12 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ................................................................................ .......................................... 168,101 168,101 ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 13 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................... ........................................ 39,341 39,341 14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ................................................ 211,442 211,442 15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. ..................................................... 100,906 100,906 16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ............................................................................... ...................................... 236,677 136,677 Ammunition Cuts ................................................................................................................ ................................................................ [–100,000] MINES 17 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................... ................................................. 15,905 15,905 ROCKETS 18 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ........................................... 4,503 4,503 19 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. .......................................................... 211,211 211,211 OTHER AMMUNITION 20 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ................................................................... 10,428 10,428 21 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. .................................................... 44,656 44,656 22 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 19,896 19,896 23 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ................................................................... 10,121 10,121 24 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .............................................................. 11,464 11,464 MISCELLANEOUS 25 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 5,224 5,224 26 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ................................................. 4,310 4,310 27 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ........................................................................................... ..................................................... 11,193 11,193 28 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .................................................. 10,500 10,500 29 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) ..................................................................................... ........................................... 18,456 18,456 30 CLOSEOUT LIABILITIES ........................................................................................................ ................................................................ 100 100 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 32 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ 394,133 394,133 33 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ..................................................................................... ......................................... 157,535 157,535 34 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................. ..................................................................... 3,771 3,771 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ..2,234,761 2,128,061 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 1 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ................................................................................................. ....................................................... 16,512 16,512 2 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ....................................................................................................... ............................................................. 16,951 16,951 3 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 ............................................................................................ ........................................................ 50,123 50,123 4 GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLES (GMV) ............................................................................................... ................................................... 46,988 46,988 6 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................. ........................................................ 1,319,436 1,069,436 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ................................................................ [–250,000] 7 TRUCK, DUMP, 20T (CCE) ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ 6,480 6,480 8 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ......................................................................................... ............................................. 132,882 132,882 9 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ................................................................................... ........................................ 14,842 14,842 10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................................................................................... ............................................ 138,105 138,105 12 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................. ..................................... 31,892 31,892 13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................................................................................... ......................................... 38,128 38,128 14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ ......................................................... 78,507 78,507 NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 16 HEAVY ARMORED VEHICLE ....................................................................................................... ........................................................... 790 790 
17 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................. ....................................................... 1,390 1,390 18 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................. ....................................................... 15,415 15,415 COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 20 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ................................................... 150,777 150,777 21 TACTICAL NETWORK TECHNOLOGY MOD IN SVC ...................................................................................... ......................................... 469,117 469,117 22 SITUATION INFORMATION TRANSPORT ............................................................................................. .................................................. 62,727 62,727 23 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ............................................................................... ...................................... 13,895 13,895 24 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) ................................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,866 4,866 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 27 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ..................................... 108,133 108,133 28 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................................... .............................. 56,737 56,737 29 SHF TERM .................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 13,100 13,100 30 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 9,160 9,160 31 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................ 25,647 25,647 32 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) ............................................................................................... .................................................... 37,401 37,401 COMM—C3 SYSTEM 36 COE TACTICAL SERVER INFRASTRUCTURE (TSI) .................................................................................... ............................................ 20,500 20,500 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 38 HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) ....................................................................................... ........................................... 351,565 351,565 40 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................. ....................................................... 4,641 4,641 41 TRACTOR DESK ................................................................................................................ ...................................................................... 2,187 2,187 42 TRACTOR RIDE ................................................................................................................ ...................................................................... 9,411 9,411 44 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR ................................................................................... ........................................ 17,515 17,515 45 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ............................................................................... .................................. 819 819 46 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................ 17,807 17,807 47 COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .................................................. 191,835 191,835 48 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ................................................................................. ................................... 25,177 25,177 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4177 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 50 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (MIP) ............................................................................................ ................................................... 9,740 9,740 51 DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE ....................................................................................... ............................................... 2,667 2,667 INFORMATION SECURITY 53 FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 8,319 8,319 54 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP .................................................................................... ......................................... 2,000 2,000 55 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ............................................................................................ ................................................. 88,337 88,337 56 DEFENSIVE CYBER OPERATIONS .................................................................................................. ........................................................ 51,343 51,343 57 INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM—UNIT ACTIVITY MONITO ................................................................................. ..................................... 330 330 58 PERSISTENT CYBER TRAINING ENVIRONMENT ....................................................................................... ............................................ 3,000 3,000 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 59 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ..................................................... 34,434 34,434 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 60 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 95,558 95,558 61 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................... 4,736 4,736 62 HOME STATION MISSION COMMAND CENTERS (HSMCC) ................................................................................ .................................... 24,479 24,479 63 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ................................................................................ .................................. 216,433 216,433 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 66 JTT/CIBS-M (MIP) ............................................................................................................ ....................................................................... 10,268 10,268 68 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................... 261,863 261,863 69 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) (MIP) ................................................................................. ............................................ 5,434 5,434 70 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 20,623 20,623 71 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... .................................................... 45,998 47,798 SOUTHCOM SIGINT Suite COMSAT RF ................................................................................................ ............................................. [1,800] 72 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING & COLL(CHARCS)(MIP) ................................................................................. ......................................... 296 296 76 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MIP) ................................................................................................. ............................................................. 410 410 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 77 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ............................................................................................ .............................................. 9,165 9,165 78 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ...................................................................................... ......................................... 5,875 5,875 79 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) (MIP) .................................................................................................... ................................................................ 8,497 8,497 83 CI MODERNIZATION (MIP) ...................................................................................................... .............................................................. 486 486 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 84 SENTINEL MODS ............................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 79,629 79,629 85 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ ................................................................. 153,180 153,180 87 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................... ....................................... 22,882 22,882 88 RADIATION MONITORING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 17,393 17,393 90 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ......................................... 46,740 46,740 91 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ............................................................................................... ....................................................... 140,737 140,737 93 PROFILER .................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 171 171 94 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................... ........................................... 405,239 405,239 95 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ....................................................................................... ................................................. 66,574 66,574 96 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. ............................................................ 20,783 20,783 97 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ................................................... 8,553 8,553 98 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 21,489 21,489 99 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 162,121 162,121 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 100 ARMY COMMAND POST INTEGRATED INFRASTRUCTURE ( .............................................................................. .................................. 2,855 2,855 101 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ..................................................................................................... ............................................................... 19,153 19,153 102 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................... ............................................. 33,837 33,837 103 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) ......................................................................................... ................................................... 5,136 5,136 104 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE .............................................................................. ................................... 18,329 18,329 105 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. .................................................... 38,015 38,015 106 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ................................................................................. ........................................ 15,164 15,164 107 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP .............................................................................. ..................................... 29,239 29,239 109 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET ................................................................................
...................................... 6,823 6,823 110 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ........................................................................................... ..................................................... 1,177 1,177 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 111 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ...................................................... 12,265 12,265 112 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ .................................................. 201,875 186,875 Consolidating more IT purchases ................................................................................................ ......................................................... [–15,000] 113 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ............................................................................... ...................................... 10,976 10,976 114 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ ............................................... 66,330 66,330 115 CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM .................................................................................................... ........................................................... 5,927 5,927 116 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................... ........................................... 27,896 27,896 ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 117 TACTICAL DIGITAL MEDIA ..................................................................................................... .............................................................. 4,392 4,392 118 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. ............................................ 1,970 1,970 ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 119 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ........................................................ 506 506 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 4,501 4,501 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 121 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 2,314 2,314 122 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... .............................................. 7,478 7,478 124 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 173,954 173,954 BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 125 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ................................................................... 98,229 98,229 126 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. ....................................................... 64,438 64,438 127 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... ............................................ 79,916 79,916 ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 128 HANDHELD STANDOFF MINEFIELD DETECTION SYS-HST .............................................................................. .................................... 8,471 8,471 129 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. ......................................... 29,883 29,883 130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... ................................................... 11,594 11,594 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4178 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
131 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ...................................................................................... ............................................ 40,834 40,834 132 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ............................................... 4,029 4,029 133 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... .............................................. 14,208 14,208 134 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ...................................................... 31,456 31,456 136 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ........................................................ 1,748 1,748 137 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ....................................................... 7,829 7,829 138 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ........................................................ 5,806 5,806 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 139 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ................................................................... 9,852 9,852 140 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 1,103 1,103 141 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ........................................... 5,875 5,875 142 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 92,487 92,487 143 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... .............................................................. 30,774 30,774 145 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................ 17,521 17,521 146 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .............................................................................. .................................... 44,855 44,855 147 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS ................................................................................ ...................................... 17,173 17,173 148 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. ........................................................... 2,000 2,000 PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 149 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ................................................... 1,770 1,770 150 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................... ........................................... 39,730 39,730 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 151 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ........................................................... 57,752 57,752 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 152 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ............................................ 37,722 37,722 153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,985 4,985 CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 155 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 7,961 7,961 156 HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 1,355 1,355 158 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... .................................................................. 13,031 13,031 159 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ........................................... 46,048 46,048 160 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ................................................................................. ....................................... 980 980 161 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ...................................................................... 37,017 37,017 162 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ ...................................................... 6,103 6,103 RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 163 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 27,711 27,711 164 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... ....................................................... 8,385 8,385 GENERATORS 165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ................................................... 133,772 133,772 166 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................... .......................................... 8,333 8,333 MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 167 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ ................................................................ 12,901 12,901 TRAINING EQUIPMENT 168 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ................................................... 123,228 123,228 169 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ ......................................................... 228,598 228,598 170 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. ..................................................... 33,080 33,080 171 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER .................................................................................... ........................................... 32,700 32,700 172 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING .............................................................................. .................................... 25,161 25,161 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 173 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ......................................................... 4,270 4,270 174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ........................................... 76,295 76,295 175 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... ............................................. 9,806 9,806 OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 176 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ............................................................ 4,368 4,368 177 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. ......................................... 9,879 9,879 178 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ...................................................... 54,043 54,043 179 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 6,633 6,633 
180 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... .............................................. 49,797 49,797 181 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. ...................................................... 2,301 2,301 182 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... .................................................. 11,608 11,608 183 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 4,956 4,956 OPA2 184 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... .................................................................. 9,817 9,817 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ..................7,999,529 7,736,329 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY COMBAT AIRCRAFT 1 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................... ............................................................ 1,937,553 1,937,553 2 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET AP ................................................................................................ .......................................................... 58,799 58,799 3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,144,958 1,023,958 Program Realignment ............................................................................................................ .............................................................. [–121,000] 4 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV AP ................................................................................................... .......................................................... 140,010 140,010 5 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 2,312,847 2,312,847 6 JSF STOVL AP ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 228,492 228,492 7 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) .......................................................................................................... .................................................................. 1,113,804 1,113,804 8 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) AP ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ 161,079 161,079 9 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ........................................................................................................... ................................................................... 806,337 806,337 10 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) AP ....................................................................................................... .................................................................. 36,955 36,955 11 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) .................................................................................................. ............................................................. 820,755 820,755 14 P–8A POSEIDON ............................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 1,803,753 1,803,753 15 P–8A POSEIDON AP ............................................................................................................ .................................................................... 180,000 180,000 16 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ............................................................................................................ .................................................................. 742,693 917,693 UPL—1 additional Aircraft ...................................................................................................... ............................................................ [175,000] 17 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE AP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 240,734 240,734 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4179 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
71 O/A-X LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................. ......................................................... 0 100,000 Initial procurement for light attack aircraft .................................................................................. ....................................................... [100,000] AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 18 C–40A ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 206,000 0 Funded in FY18 Omnibus ......................................................................................................... ........................................................... [–206,000] OTHER AIRCRAFT 20 KC–130J ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 160,433 160,433 21 KC–130J AP .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................ 110,013 110,013 22 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 568,743 568,743 23 MQ–4 TRITON AP .............................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 58,522 58,522 24 MQ–8 UAV .................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 54,761 54,761 25 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 14,866 14,866 26 VH–92A EXECUTIVE HELO ....................................................................................................... .............................................................. 649,015 649,015 72 UAV ......................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 0 100,000 Procurement of UAV ............................................................................................................. .............................................................. [100,000] MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 27 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 25,277 25,277 28 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 58,577 58,577 29 ADVERSARY ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 14,606 14,606 30 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................... 1,213,482 1,227,382 UPL—EA–18G Advanced Modes / Cognitive EW ....................................................................................... ............................................. [13,900] 31 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................... 70,997 70,997 32 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................... 130,661 130,661 33 H–1 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................ 87,143 87,143 34 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................... 3,633 3,633 35 P–3 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................ 803 803 36 E–2 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................ 88,780 88,780 37 TRAINER A/C SERIES .......................................................................................................... .................................................................... 11,660 11,660 38 C–2A ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................ 11,327 11,327 39 C–130 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................... 79,075 79,075 40 FEWSG ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 597 597 41 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 8,932 8,932 42 E–6 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................ 181,821 181,821 43 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ................................................................................................ ....................................................... 23,566 23,566 44 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ........................................................... 7,620 7,620 45 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................... 195,475 195,475 46 POWER PLANT CHANGES ......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 21,521 21,521 47 JPATS SERIES ................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 27,644 27,644 48 AVIATION LIFE SUPPORT MODS .................................................................................................. ......................................................... 15,864 15,864 49 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 166,306 191,306 UPL—F/A–18 E/F Adaptative Radar Countermeasures ................................................................................ .......................................... [25,000] 50 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES ..................................................................................................... ......................................................... 117,551 117,551 51 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ................................................ 1,994 1,994 52 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 40,696 40,696 53 P–8 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................ 71,251 71,251 54 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................. 11,590 11,590 55 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 37,907 37,907 57 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ............................................................................................... .......................................................... 214,820 214,820 58 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ................................................................................................ ....................................................... 952 952 59 F–35 STOVL SERIES ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 36,618 70,118 F–35B Modifications Increase ................................................................................................... ........................................................... [33,500] 60 F–35 CV SERIES .............................................................................................................. ......................................................................... 21,236 26,236 
F–35C Modifications Increase ................................................................................................... ........................................................... [5,000] 61 QRC ......................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 101,499 101,499 62 MQ–4 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 48,278 48,278 63 RQ–21 SERIES ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................... 6,904 6,904 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 64 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 1,792,920 1,842,920 F–35B and F–35C spares quantity increase ....................................................................................... .................................................... [50,000] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 65 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ...................................................... 421,606 421,606 66 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. ....................................................... 24,496 24,496 67 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. ................................................................. 42,108 42,108 68 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 1,444 1,444 69 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ........................................................ 49,489 49,489 70 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ .................................................. 1,951 1,951 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... .............19,041,799 19,217,199 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 1 TRIDENT II MODS .............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 1,078,750 1,078,750 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 2 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 6,998 6,998 STRATEGIC MISSILES 3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 98,570 98,570 TACTICAL MISSILES 4 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 211,058 211,058 5 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 77,927 122,927 Navy UPL: Increase to maximum capacity ......................................................................................... .................................................. [45,000] 6 JSOW ......................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 1,330 1,330 7 STANDARD MISSILE ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 490,210 490,210 8 STANDARD MISSILE AP .......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 125,683 125,683 9 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ....................................................................................................... ........................................................... 91,272 91,272 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4180 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
10 RAM ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 96,221 96,221 11 JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ............................................................................................. ....................................................... 24,109 24,109 14 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ................................................................................ ....................................... 11,378 11,378 15 AERIAL TARGETS .............................................................................................................. ..................................................................... 137,137 137,137 16 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... .............................................................. 3,318 3,318 17 LRASM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 81,190 111,190 Navy UPL: Increase to maximum capacity ......................................................................................... .................................................. [30,000] 18 LCS OTH MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 18,156 18,156 MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 19 ESSM ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................... 98,384 98,384 20 HARPOON MODS ................................................................................................................ .................................................................... 14,840 26,840 Navy UPL: Increase to max capacity ............................................................................................. ...................................................... [12,000] 21 HARM MODS ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 187,985 74,085 Reduce procurement due to test results ......................................................................................... ........................................................ [–113,900] SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 23 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................... ...................................................... 2,006 2,006 24 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON .............................................................................................. .................................................. 66,779 66,779 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 25 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ..................................................... 62,008 62,008 TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 26 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................ 6,353 6,353 27 MK–48 TORPEDO ............................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 92,616 103,616 Navy UPL: Increase to maximum capacity ......................................................................................... .................................................. [11,000] 28 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................. ....................................................................... 12,324 12,324 MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 29 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS .......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 105,946 105,946 30 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS .................................................................................................... ......................................................... 40,005 40,005 31 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ............................................................................................................ ................................................................... 9,758 9,758 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 32 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ...................................................... 79,371 79,371 33 ASW RANGE SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ................................................................ 3,872 3,872 DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 34 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ .................................................. 3,726 3,726 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... .......................................................... 15,067 15,067 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 36 CIWS MODS ................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 63,318 63,318 37 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 40,823 40,823 38 GUN MOUNT MODS .............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 74,618 74,618 39 LCS MODULE WEAPONS .......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 11,350 5,350 Early to need .................................................................................................................. .................................................................... [–6,000] 41 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ............................................. 22,249 22,249 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 43 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 135,688 135,688 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ..............3,702,393 3,680,493 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 79,871 79,871 2 JDAM ......................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 87,900 87,900 3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ....................................................... 151,431 151,431 4 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... ......................................................... 11,344 11,344 5 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ................................................................... 49,471 49,471 6 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................................................................................... ............................................... 56,227 56,227 7 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ............................................... 66,382 66,382 8 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ .............................................................................. 2,907 2,907 9 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION .....................................................................................................
............................................................ 72,657 72,657 10 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ......................................................................................... ............................................. 33,613 20,613 Alamo LRIP ahead of testing .................................................................................................... ........................................................... [–13,000] 11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ........................................................ 42,142 42,142 12 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................. ................................................ 49,888 49,888 13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 10,931 10,931 15 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ..................................................... 1,106 1,106 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 19 MORTARS ..................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 28,266 28,266 21 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... .......................................................... 63,664 63,664 22 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................. .................................................... 59,295 59,295 26 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 31,577 31,577 28 AMMO MODERNIZATION .......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 15,001 15,001 29 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 86,297 86,297 30 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................ 6,239 6,239 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................................................... .....1,006,209 993,209 SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE SHIPS 1 OHIO REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE AP ................................................................................................ .................................................. 3,005,330 3,005,330 OTHER WARSHIPS 2 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. .................................................. 1,598,181 1,598,181 4 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ..................................................................................................... .......................................................... 4,373,382 4,373,382 5 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE AP .................................................................................................. ........................................................ 2,796,401 3,046,401 FY19–23 MYP EOQ or SIB expansion ............................................................................................... .................................................... [250,000] 7 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS AP ................................................................................................... ...................................................... 449,597 449,597 8 DDG 1000 ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 270,965 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4181 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Cost growth transfer to Line 28 ................................................................................................ ............................................................ [–270,965] 9 DDG–51 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 5,253,327 5,225,827 Multiyear procurement contract savings ......................................................................................... ...................................................... [–27,500] 10 DDG–51 AP ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 391,928 641,928 Enable greater long lead material procurement .................................................................................. ................................................... [250,000] 11 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 646,244 576,244 Align Plans and Other costs with end of production ............................................................................. ................................................ [–70,000] AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 12 LPD –17 ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 0 650,000 AP for FY2020 LPD Flight II and/or MYP EOQ ..................................................................................... ............................................... [650,000] 13 EXPEDITIONARY SEA BASE (ESB) ................................................................................................ ......................................................... 650,000 650,000 AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 16 TAO FLEET OILER ............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 977,104 977,104 17 TAO FLEET OILER AP .......................................................................................................... .................................................................. 75,046 75,046 18 TOWING, SALVAGE, AND RESCUE SHIP (ATS) ...................................................................................... ................................................ 80,517 80,517 20 LCU 1700 .................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 41,520 41,520 21 OUTFITTING .................................................................................................................. ......................................................................... 634,038 562,038 Unjustified cost growth ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... [–72,000] 22 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR ..................................................................................................... ........................................................... 325,375 325,375 23 SERVICE CRAFT ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 72,062 97,062 Accelerate detail design and construction of YP–703 Flight II .................................................................. .............................................. [25,000] 24 LCAC SLEP ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 23,321 23,321 28 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... .......................................... 207,099 478,064 Cost growth transfer from Line 8 ............................................................................................... .......................................................... [270,965] 29 CABLE SHIP .................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 0 250,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ................................................................. [250,000] TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... .21,871,437 23,126,937 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 1 SURFACE POWER EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ........................................................ 19,700 19,700 GENERATORS 3 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ....................................................................................................... ........................................................ 23,495 23,495 NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 4 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ..................................................... 63,330 73,330 Accelerate ECDIS-N 9.3, 9.4, 9.5 implementation ................................................................................ ................................................... [10,000] OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 5 SUB PERISCOPE, IMAGING AND SUPT EQUIP PROG ................................................................................... ......................................... 178,421 178,421 6 DDG MOD ...................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 487,999 487,999 7 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ........................................................... 28,143 28,143 8 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD .............................................................................................. ............................................ 2,248 2,248 9 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE .............................................................................................................. ................................................................... 37,694 37,694 10 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................................................... 20,883 20,883 11 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................................................... 37,155 37,155 12 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ .................................................. 66,328 66,328 13 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ....................................................... 47,241 47,241 14 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 27,987 27,987 15 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ...................................................... 65,033 65,033 16 DDG 1000 CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ .................................................... 89,700 51,300 Procurement early to need ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. [–38,400] 17 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ................................................ 22,254 22,254 18 DSSP EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 3,629 3,629 19 CG MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................................ ................................................................. 276,446 276,446 20 LCAC ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................... 3,709 3,709 
21 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ....................................................... 78,807 78,807 22 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................ 126,865 101,865 Insufficient justification for CVN–78 in-service requirements .................................................................. ............................................... [–25,000] 23 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS .................................................................................................. ..................................................... 2,966 2,966 24 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................... .................................................... 11,968 11,968 REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 25 REACTOR POWER UNITS ......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 346,325 346,325 26 REACTOR COMPONENTS .......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 497,063 497,063 OCEAN ENGINEERING 27 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 10,706 10,706 SMALL BOATS 28 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ................................................................... 49,771 49,771 PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 29 OPERATING FORCES IPE ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 225,181 225,181 OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 31 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ........................................... 46,732 46,732 32 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... .......................................................... 124,147 152,063 Transfer Cobra trainer from Line 53 ............................................................................................ ......................................................... [8,616] Transfer Knifefish and UISS trainers from Line 52 .............................................................................. ................................................. [19,300] 33 LCS ASW MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ........................................................... 57,294 39,294 Excess procurement ahead of satisfactory testing ............................................................................... ................................................... [–18,000] 34 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ........................................................... 26,006 14,506 Excess procurement ahead of satisfactory testing ............................................................................... ................................................... [–11,500] 35 LCS IN-SERVICE MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ....................................................... 70,526 70,526 LOGISTIC SUPPORT 36 LSD MIDLIFE & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................. ....................................................... 4,784 4,784 SHIP SONARS 37 SPQ–9B RADAR ................................................................................................................ ....................................................................... 20,309 20,309 38 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ................................................... 115,459 115,459 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4182 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
39 SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................ 318,189 318,189 40 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... ............................................ 10,134 10,134 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 41 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM ........................................................................................... .............................................. 23,815 23,815 42 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................ 11,277 6,277 AN/SLQ–32E contract delay ...................................................................................................... ........................................................... [–5,000] 43 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ......................................................... 237,780 237,780 44 SURTASS ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 57,872 57,872 ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 45 AN/SLQ–32 ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 420,344 420,344 RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 46 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 220,883 220,883 47 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ....................................................................................... .............................................. 4,028 4,028 OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 48 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY ........................................................................................... .............................................. 44,173 38,173 Common Array Block antenna program delay ....................................................................................... ................................................ [–6,000] 49 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ............................................................................... ................................... 10,991 10,991 50 ATDLS ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 34,526 34,526 51 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ...................................................................................... .......................................... 3,769 3,769 52 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................. ................................................ 35,709 16,409 Transfer Knifefish and UISS trainers to Line 32 ................................................................................ ................................................... [–19,300] 53 SHALLOW WATER MCM ........................................................................................................... .............................................................. 8,616 0 Transfer Cobra trainer to Line 32 .............................................................................................. ........................................................... [–8,616] 54 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) ............................................................................................... ........................................................ 10,703 10,703 55 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ........................................................................................ .............................................. 2,626 2,626 56 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ................................................ 9,467 9,467 AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 57 ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................. 70,849 70,849 58 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................. 47,890 47,890 59 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 26,163 26,163 60 JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEM ( ............................................................................... ....................................... 38,094 38,094 61 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. .................................................... 11,966 11,966 OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 62 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ......................................................... 42,010 42,010 63 DCGS-N ...................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 12,896 12,896 64 CANES ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 423,027 423,027 65 RADIAC ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 8,175 8,175 66 CANES-INTELL ................................................................................................................ ....................................................................... 54,465 54,465 67 GPETE ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 5,985 5,985 68 MASF ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................... 5,413 5,413 69 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY ........................................................................................... .................................................. 6,251 6,251 70 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................. ..................................................... 4,183 4,183 71 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................ 148,350 142,950 NGSSR installation funding early to need ....................................................................................... ..................................................... [–5,400] SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 72 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................................... .............................................. 45,450 45,450 73 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ................................................. 105,087 105,087 74 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M .............................................................................................. ................................................... 41,123 41,123 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 75 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................. .................................................... 30,897 30,897 76 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ............................................ 78,580 78,580 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 77 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ................................................ 41,205 41,205 78 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) ............................................................................................... .................................................... 113,885 113,885 SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 79 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) .................................................................................
....................................... 4,292 4,292 CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 80 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ........................................................................................ ................................................. 153,526 153,526 81 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................. ....................................................... 951 951 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 82 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................... 14,209 17,009 SOUTHCOM CCO Sensor (2 suites) ................................................................................................. ..................................................... [2,800] OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 86 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ........................................................... 40,713 40,713 SONOBUOYS 88 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 177,891 213,891 Navy UPL ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................... [36,000] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 89 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ................................................ 93,864 93,864 90 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 111,724 111,724 91 ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) ............................................................................................... ..................................................... 11,054 11,054 92 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ...................................................... 21,072 21,072 93 DCRS/DPL .................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 656 656 94 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... .................................................. 11,299 11,299 95 LAMPS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 594 594 96 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ....................................................... 39,374 39,374 97 UMCS-UNMAN CARRIER AVIATION(UCA)MISSION CNTRL ............................................................................... .................................... 35,405 35,405 SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 98 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ........................................................ 5,337 5,337 SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 99 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ..................................................... 213,090 213,090 100 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................................................... 92,890 92,890 FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4183 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
101 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ...................................................... 271,817 271,817 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 102 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ........................................................ 129,501 129,501 103 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................ 19,436 19,436 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ................................................. 14,258 14,258 105 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ............................................................. 5,378 5,378 OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 106 SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS ............................................................................................. .................................................... 65,543 65,543 107 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........................................................ 230,425 230,425 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 108 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 4,867 4,867 109 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 2,674 2,674 110 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... ................................................. 20,994 20,994 111 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................. 17,189 17,189 112 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ................................................................... 19,916 19,916 113 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... .............................................................. 7,400 7,400 114 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 2,713 2,713 115 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... ............................................................... 35,540 35,540 116 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. .......................................................... 1,155 1,155 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 117 SUPPLY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... .................................................................. 18,786 18,786 118 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ................................................... 5,375 5,375 119 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ..................................................... 580,371 580,371 TRAINING DEVICES 120 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........................................................ 3,400 3,400 121 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... .................................................. 24,283 24,283 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 122 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 66,681 66,681 123 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ........................................................ 3,352 3,352 125 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ....................................................... 1,984 1,984 126 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... ............................................... 15,131 15,131 127 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ..................................................................... 3,576 3,576 128 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ................................................ 31,902 31,902 129 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 175,436 195,436 New Navy port waterborne security barriers increase ............................................................................ ................................................ [20,000] 130 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ............................................... 25,393 25,393 OTHER 133 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... ................................................. 96,269 96,269 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 15,681 15,681 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 134 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ............................................................. 326,838 326,838 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ...................9,414,355 9,373,855 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 AAV7A1 PIP ................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 156,249 78,149 Unjustified investment in a vehicle with low/limited combat utility ............................................................ ............................................ [–78,100] 2 AMPHIBIOUS COMBAT VEHICLE 1.1 ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 167,478 167,478 3 LAV PIP ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 43,701 43,701 ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 5 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ............................................................................................. .............................................. 47,158 47,158 6 ARTILLERY WEAPONS SYSTEM ..................................................................................................... ........................................................ 134,246 134,246 7 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ................................................................................. .................................... 40,687 40,687 OTHER SUPPORT 8 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................. 22,904 22,904 GUIDED MISSILES 9 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE .....................................................................................................
......................................................... 18,334 18,334 10 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-JAVELIN .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 3,020 3,020 11 FAMILY ANTI-ARMOR WEAPON SYSTEMS (FOAAWS) ................................................................................... ....................................... 13,760 13,760 12 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-TOW ...................................................................................................... ............................................................ 59,702 59,702 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 13 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ............................................................................... ................................ 35,467 35,467 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 14 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ......................................................... 46,081 46,081 OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 15 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... .................................................................. 971 971 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 16 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................................................................................ ................................................. 69,203 69,203 17 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ........................................................... 14,269 14,269 RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 18 RADAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 6,694 6,694 19 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ..................................................................................... ............................................ 224,969 224,969 INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 21 GCSS-MC ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 1,187 1,187 22 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 60,189 60,189 23 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ................................................... 73,848 73,848 25 UNMANNED AIR SYSTEMS (INTEL) ................................................................................................ ....................................................... 3,848 3,848 26 DCGS-MC ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 16,081 16,081 OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 30 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) ................................................................................... ........................................ 87,120 87,120 31 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................................... .................................................... 68,914 68,914 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4184 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
32 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................ 124,838 99,870 Operational limitations of NOTM ................................................................................................ ........................................................ [–24,968] 33 RADIO SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 279,680 279,680 34 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ................................................ 36,649 36,649 35 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ............................................. 83,971 83,971 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 3,626 3,626 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 36 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ....................................................... 25,441 25,441 TACTICAL VEHICLES 37 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................... .................................................. 11,392 11,392 38 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ......................................................... 607,011 607,011 39 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................. ........................................................ 2,393 2,393 40 TRAILERS .................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 6,540 6,540 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 41 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT .......................................................................................... ............................................. 496 496 42 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... .............................................................. 54 54 43 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 21,062 21,062 44 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .................................................... 5,290 5,290 45 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ....................................................................... 47,854 47,854 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 46 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ....................................................... 28,306 28,306 GENERAL PROPERTY 47 FIELD MEDICAL EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .......................................................... 33,513 33,513 48 TRAINING DEVICES ............................................................................................................ .................................................................... 52,040 41,632 Excess to need ................................................................................................................. .................................................................... [–10,408] 49 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ................................................ 36,156 36,156 50 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) ................................................................................ ...................................... 606 606 OTHER SUPPORT 51 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................ 11,608 11,608 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 53 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 25,804 25,804 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ...............2,860,410 2,746,934 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL FORCES 1 F–35 ......................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 4,261,021 4,193,521 Program Realignment ............................................................................................................ .............................................................. [–67,500] 2 F–35 AP ...................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 406,000 406,000 18 O/A-X LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................. ......................................................... 0 350,000 Procurement of OA-X aircraft and long lead materials ........................................................................... ............................................... [350,000] OTHER COMBAT AIRCRAFT 3 C–135B ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 222,176 222,176 TACTICAL AIRLIFT 4 KC–46A TANKER ................................................................................................................ ..................................................................... 2,559,911 2,312,011 Interim contractor support ..................................................................................................... ............................................................. [–102,700] Restore program accountability ................................................................................................. .......................................................... [–145,200] OTHER AIRLIFT 5 C–130J ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 35,858 35,858 6 HC–130J ...................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 129,437 129,437 8 MC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 770,201 770,201 9 MC–130J AP ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 218,000 218,000 HELICOPTERS 11 COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 680,201 680,201 MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 13 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ........................................................................................................ .................................................................. 2,719 2,719 OTHER AIRCRAFT 14 TARGET DRONES ............................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 139,053 139,053 15 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ................................................................ 108,113 108,113 
17 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................... 221,707 341,707 Increase to accelerate Advanced Battle Management System ....................................................................... .......................................... [120,000] STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 19 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................ 60,301 60,301 20 B–1B ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................ 51,290 51,290 21 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 105,519 100,719 Air Force requested realignment ................................................................................................ .......................................................... [–14,800] LRASM certification ............................................................................................................ ............................................................... [10,000] TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 23 A–10 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 98,720 163,720 Additional replacement wings ................................................................................................... ........................................................... [65,000] 24 C–130J ...................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 10,831 10,831 25 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 548,109 548,109 26 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 324,323 324,323 27 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 250,710 250,710 29 F–35 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... ................................................................... 247,271 297,271 F–35A Modifications increase ................................................................................................... ............................................................ [50,000] 30 F–15 EPAW ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 147,685 147,685 31 INCREMENT 3.2B .............................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 9,007 9,007 33 KC–46A TANKER ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 8,547 8,547 AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 34 C–5 ......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 77,845 77,845 36 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 102,121 102,121 37 C–21 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 17,516 17,516 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4185 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
38 C–32A ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 4,537 4,537 39 C–37A ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 419 419 TRAINER AIRCRAFT 41 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................. ....................................................................... 137 137 42 T–6 ......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 22,550 22,550 43 T–1 ......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 21,952 21,952 44 T–38 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 70,623 70,623 OTHER AIRCRAFT 45 U–2 MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 48,774 48,774 46 KC–10A (ATCA) ............................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 11,104 11,104 47 C–12 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 4,900 4,900 48 VC–25A MOD .................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 36,938 36,938 49 C–40 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 251 251 50 C–130 ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 22,094 96,094 T56 Series 3.5 Engine Enhancement packages ..................................................................................... .................................................. [74,000] 51 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 132,045 132,045 52 C–135 ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 113,076 113,076 53 OC–135B ..................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 5,913 5,913 54 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ................................................................ 49,885 49,885 55 COMBAT FLIGHT INSPECTION (CFIN) ............................................................................................. ...................................................... 499 499 56 RC–135 ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 394,532 394,532 57 E–3 ......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 133,906 133,906 58 E–4 ......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 67,858 67,858 59 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 9,919 34,919 Central Computer upgrade design ................................................................................................ ........................................................ [25,000] 60 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CNTR SYS (AWACS) 40/45 ................................................................................. ............................................ 57,780 57,780 61 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................... .......................................... 14,293 14,293 62 H–1 ......................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 2,940 2,940 63 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 55,466 55,466 64 RQ–4 MODS ................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 23,715 23,715 65 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... .............................................................. 37,754 37,754 66 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 62,010 62,010 67 MQ–9 MODS ................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 171,548 171,548 69 CV–22 MODS .................................................................................................................. .......................................................................... 60,416 60,416 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 70 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ........................................................... 956,408 1,006,408 F–35A spares ................................................................................................................... .................................................................... [50,000] COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 71 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .......................................................................................... .............................................. 81,241 81,241 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 74 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................ 1,763 1,763 75 B–2B ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................ 35,861 35,861 76 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 12,819 12,819 77 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 10,114 10,114 79 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 2,545 2,545 81 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 11,718 11,718 82 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 14,489 14,489 83 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 9,928 9,928 84 RQ–4 POST PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................ ...................................................... 40,641 40,641 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 86 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS ................................................................................................... .......................................................... 17,378 17,378 WAR CONSUMABLES 88 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. ................................................................. 29,342 29,342 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 89 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ....................................................................................................
........................................................ 1,502,386 1,502,386 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 28,278 28,278 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ....16,206,937 16,620,737 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 1 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ............................................................................................. .................................................. 36,786 36,786 TACTICAL 2 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ........................................................................................... ................................................. 430,708 430,708 3 LRASM0 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 44,185 54,385 Restore reduction .............................................................................................................. .................................................................. [10,200] 4 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) .......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 121,253 121,253 5 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 337,886 337,886 6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 113,765 113,765 7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 105,034 105,034 8 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ....................................................................................................... ........................................................... 100,861 92,861 Unit price adjustment .......................................................................................................... ................................................................ [–8,000] INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 9 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION .......................................................................................... ............................................. 787 787 CLASS IV 10 ICBM FUZE MOD ............................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 15,767 15,767 11 ICBM FUZE MOD AP ............................................................................................................ .................................................................. 4,100 4,100 12 MM III MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ................................................................ 129,199 129,199 13 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ .................................................................. 288 288 14 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ............................................................................................ ..................................................... 47,632 47,632 MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 16 REPLEN SPARES/REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................. ......................................................... 97,481 97,481 SPECIAL PROGRAMS 18 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... .......................................................... 188,539 188,539 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4186 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 895,183 895,183 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... .......2,669,454 2,671,654 SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE SPACE PROGRAMS 1 ADVANCED EHF ................................................................................................................. .................................................................... 29,829 29,829 2 AF SATELLITE COMM SYSTEM ..................................................................................................... ......................................................... 35,400 35,400 3 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 1,121 1,121 4 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS ..................................................................................... ......................................... 27,867 27,867 5 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ......................................................................................... ............................................. 61,606 61,606 6 GENERAL INFORMATION TECH—SPACE ............................................................................................... ................................................ 3,425 3,425 7 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ........................................................................................................ ................................................................ 69,386 69,386 8 GLOBAL POSTIONING (SPACE) .................................................................................................... .......................................................... 2,181 2,181 9 INTEG BROADCAST SERV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 16,445 16,445 10 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) ................................................................................................... ......................................................... 31,895 31,895 12 MILSATCOM ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 11,265 11,265 13 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ........................................................................................ ........................................... 709,981 709,981 14 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ........................................................................................ ........................................... 994,555 994,555 15 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 138,397 138,397 17 NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ........................................................... 7,705 7,705 18 ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM ............................................................................................... .................................................. 47,609 47,609 19 SPACE FENCE ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 51,361 51,361 20 SPACE MODS .................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 148,065 148,065 21 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ................................................................................................ ...................................................... 117,637 117,637 SPARES 22 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 21,812 21,812 TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ..........2,527,542 2,527,542 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ROCKETS 1 ROCKETS ...................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 345,911 345,911 CARTRIDGES 2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 163,840 163,840 BOMBS 3 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ................................................................... 20,876 20,876 4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 259,308 259,308 5 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) ............................................................................................ .............................................. 38,111 38,111 6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. ...................................................... 234,198 234,198 7 B61 .......................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 109,292 109,292 8 B61 AP ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 52,731 52,731 OTHER ITEMS 9 CAD/PAD ...................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 51,455 51,455 10 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) ........................................................................................... .................................................. 6,038 6,038 11 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 524 524 12 MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 1,270 1,270 13 ITEMS LESS THAN $5,000,000 .................................................................................................. ................................................................. 4,604 4,604 FLARES 15 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 125,286 125,286 FUZES 16 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 109,358 109,358 SMALL ARMS 17 SMALL ARMS .................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 64,502 64,502 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ........................................................................................................................ 1,587,304 1,587,304 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 6,949 6,949 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 
2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... ......................................................... 36,002 36,002 3 CAP VEHICLES ................................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 1,022 1,022 4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ........................................................ 42,696 49,879 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ..................................................... [7,183] SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 5 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................. ........................................................ 30,145 30,145 6 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... .................................................... 1,230 3,903 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ..................................................... [2,673] 7 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ..................................................................................................... .......................................................... 43,003 53,693 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ..................................................... [10,690] FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 8 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ................................................ 23,328 32,308 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ..................................................... [8,980] MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 9 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ..................................................... 11,537 31,309 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ..................................................... [19,772] BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 10 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU .......................................................................................... ............................................ 37,600 40,353 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ..................................................... [2,753] 11 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ................................................ 104,923 104,923 COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 12 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ................................................................. 114,372 114,372 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 13 INTERNATIONAL INTEL TECH & ARCHITECTURES .................................................................................... .......................................... 8,290 8,290 14 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ................................................... 2,099 2,099 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4187 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ..................................................... 37,415 37,415 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... ................................................... 57,937 57,937 18 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................. .................................................... 3,012 3,012 19 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMEN .......................................................................................... .............................................. 19,989 19,989 20 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ................................................................................................ ................................................... 45,020 45,020 21 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... .................................................. 32,836 32,836 22 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX ................................................................................................... ..................................................... 12,454 12,454 23 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ........................................................... 14,263 14,263 25 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ............................................................................... ..................................... 7,769 7,769 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 26 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ................................................ 40,450 40,450 27 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................. ................................................. 6,619 6,619 28 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ................................................................................................ .................................................. 10,192 10,192 29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ................................................. 159,313 161,315 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ..................................................... [2,002] 30 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ...................................................................................................... ........................................................... 132,675 132,675 31 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N .......................................................................................... ............................................. 140,875 140,875 32 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE (WAS) ................................................................................................ ....................................................... 92,104 92,104 33 C3 COUNTERMEASURES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 45,152 45,152 34 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................. ......................................................................... 483 483 35 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING & MGT SYS ..................................................................................... ........................................... 802 802 36 MAINTENANCE REPAIR & OVERHAUL INITIATIVE .................................................................................... .......................................... 12,207 12,207 37 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ...................................................... 7,644 7,644 38 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ......................................................................................... .................................................. 40,066 40,066 AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 41 BASE INFORMATION TRANSPT INFRAST (BITI) WIRED ............................................................................... ........................................ 22,357 22,357 42 AFNET ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 102,836 102,836 43 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ................................................................................. ....................................... 3,145 3,145 44 USCENTCOM ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 13,194 13,194 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 45 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 161,231 161,231 47 RADIO EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 12,142 12,142 48 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ....................................................... 6,505 6,505 49 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 169,404 169,404 MODIFICATIONS 50 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................. ................................................................. 10,654 10,654 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 51 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................ 51,906 51,906 DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 52 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................. 88,298 88,298 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 53 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ......................................................... 17,031 17,031 54 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .................................................... 82,635 82,635 55 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 9,549 9,549 56 BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ......................................... 24,005 48,048 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ..................................................... [24,043] SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 58 DARP RC135 .................................................................................................................. ........................................................................... 26,262 26,262 59 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 448,290 448,290 61 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ........................................................... 913,813 913,813 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 17,258,069 17,258,069 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 86,365 86,365 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... .........
20,890,164 20,968,260 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 43 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 35,295 35,295 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 42 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ................................................................................. ....................................... 5,403 5,403 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 46 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................. 497 497 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 7 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ................................................................................................. .................................................... 21,590 41,590 Sharkseer ...................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... [20,000] 8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ............................................................... 33,905 33,905 9 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ........................................................... 27,886 27,886 10 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ...................................................................................... ................................................ 1,017 1,017 11 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK .......................................................................................... ............................................ 150,674 150,674 13 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ............................................................................................ .............................................. 94,610 94,610 14 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ................................................................................................ ....................................................... 197,246 197,246 15 JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) ....................................................................................... .................................................. 140,338 140,338 16 JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER ...................................................................................................... .............................................................. 107,182 87,682 General reduction .............................................................................................................. ................................................................. [–19,500] MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 18 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 5,225 5,225 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 21 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 1,196 1,196 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 1 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ........................................................... 2,542 2,542 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4188 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
44 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 4,360 4,360 45 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS—CE2T2 .................................................................................................. ......................................................... 904 904 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 26 THAAD ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 874,068 874,068 27 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE ...................................................................................................... .......................................................... 409,000 409,000 28 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE AP ................................................................................................... ....................................................... 115,000 115,000 29 AEGIS BMD ................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 593,488 593,488 30 AEGIS BMD AP ................................................................................................................ ....................................................................... 115,206 115,206 31 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 13,185 13,185 32 ISRAELI PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................................................................. 80,000 80,000 33 SHORT RANGE BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE (SRBMD) ............................................................................... ....................................... 50,000 50,000 34 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ...................................................................................................... ................................................................ 15,000 15,000 35 IRON DOME ................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 70,000 70,000 36 AEGIS BMD HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ............................................................................................. ................................................ 97,057 97,057 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 3 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... ........................................................ 10,630 10,630 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 23 VEHICLES .................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 207 207 24 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ........................................................... 5,592 5,592 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 20 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS .................................................................................. ...................................... 1,723 1,723 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 2 MAJOR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. ................................................................. 3,873 3,873 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 19 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 13,106 13,106 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 589,691 589,691 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS AVIATION PROGRAMS 50 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ........................................................................................ ........................................... 148,351 148,351 51 UNMANNED ISR ................................................................................................................ ...................................................................... 57,708 57,708 52 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................ 18,731 18,731 53 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 32,301 32,301 54 MH–47 CHINOOK ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 131,033 131,033 55 CV–22 MODIFICATION .......................................................................................................... .................................................................. 32,529 32,529 56 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 24,621 24,621 57 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE .................................................................................................... ........................................................... 226,965 226,965 58 AC/MC–130J .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................ 165,813 165,813 59 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... .................................................................. 80,274 80,274 SHIPBUILDING 60 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 136,723 136,723 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 61 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 357,742 357,742 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 62 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 85,699 85,699 63 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ..................................... 17,863 17,863 64 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................ .................................................................... 112,117 112,117 65 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ......................................................... 7,313 7,313 66 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................................................................. 14,026 14,026 67 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... .................................................................. 88,608 88,608 68 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 438,590 438,590 69 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................. ..................................................... 19,408 19,408 70 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ............................................... 6,281 6,281 71 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... .......................................... 18,509 18,509 73 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 367,433 367,433 CBDP 74 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ................................................................................... ....................................... 166,418 166,418 75 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION ........................................................................................... ................................................. 144,519 144,519 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ...............6,786,271 6,786,771 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 1 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .......................................................................................... ............................................. 100,025 100,025 TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND ......................................................................................................................... 100,025 100,025 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 130,526,043 131,998,763 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 3 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 60,000 60,000 ROTARY 11 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ............................................................................................... .................................................... 21,246 21,246 14 CH–47 HELICOPTER ............................................................................................................ .................................................................... 25,000 25,000 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 17 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) .......................................................................................................... .................................................................. 11,400 11,400 19 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 ............................................................................................................ .................................................................. 32,000 32,000 20 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 51,000 51,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4189 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
32 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 50,868 50,868 33 UAS MODS .................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 3,402 3,402 GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 36 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ .............................................................................. 84,387 84,387 37 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..................................................................................... ....................................... 24,060 24,060 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .............363,363 363,363 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 2 MSE MISSILE .................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 260,000 260,000 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 5 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 255,040 255,040 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 8 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. .................................................. 31,120 31,120 11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .................................................................................................. ........................................................ 624,500 624,500 13 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM (HIMARS ............................................................................... .................................... 171,138 171,138 14 LETHAL MINIATURE AERIAL MISSILE SYSTEM (LMAMS ............................................................................... ..................................... 112,973 112,973 MODIFICATIONS 16 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................. ...................................................................... 225,580 225,580 21 MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 122,000 122,000 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ................1,802,351 1,802,351 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 BRADLEY PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. ................................................................ 205,000 205,000 2 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................................... ........................................... 230,359 230,359 MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 6 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 50,000 50,000 8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ............................................ 67,000 67,000 9 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................... ....................................... 42,354 42,354 14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 34,000 34,000 15 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ........................................................ 455,000 455,000 WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) ............................................................................................ ..................................................... 126 126 22 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ................................................................... 11,842 11,842 25 CARBINE ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 1,800 1,800 27 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION .................................................................................... .................................... 3,378 3,378 MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 32 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 4,920 4,920 34 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 7 7 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 39 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................... ..................................................... 1,397 1,397 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............1,107,183 1,107,183 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ 3,392 3,392 2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ................................................................ 40 40 3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................ 17 17 4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ................................................................. 189 189 5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,605 1,605 7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 25,000 25,000 MORTAR AMMUNITION 9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................ 218 218 10 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 484 484 ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ................................................ 79,400 79,400 15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. ..................................................... 72,985 72,985 16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ...............................................................................
...................................... 63,900 63,900 ROCKETS 18 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ........................................... 22,242 22,242 19 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. .......................................................... 39,974 39,974 OTHER AMMUNITION 21 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. .................................................... 5 5 22 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 8 8 MISCELLANEOUS 27 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ........................................................................................... ..................................................... 66 66 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ..309,525 309,525 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 2 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ....................................................................................................... ............................................................. 8,000 8,000 3 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 ............................................................................................ ........................................................ 20,770 20,770 10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................................................................................... ............................................ 115,400 115,400 12 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................. ..................................... 6,682 6,682 13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................................................................................... ......................................... 50,000 50,000 14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ ......................................................... 186,377 186,377 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 28 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................................... .............................. 7,100 7,100 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 37 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ......................................................... 1,560 1,560 42 TRACTOR RIDE ................................................................................................................ ...................................................................... 13,190 13,190 45 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ............................................................................... .................................. 9,549 9,549 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4190 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
47 COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .................................................. 22,000 22,000 COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 50 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (MIP) ............................................................................................ ................................................... 9,800 9,800 INFORMATION SECURITY 55 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ............................................................................................ ................................................. 3 3 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 59 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ..................................................... 690 690 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 60 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 8,750 8,750 63 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ................................................................................ .................................. 60,337 60,337 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 68 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................... 37,806 37,806 70 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ......................................................................... 6,926 6,926 71 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... .................................................... 2,011 2,011 75 BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES (MIP) ................................................................................. ......................................... 5,370 5,370 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 80 CREW ........................................................................................................................ .............................................................................. 42,651 42,651 81 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAP. (MIP) ................................................................................ ......................................... 20,050 20,050 82 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ................................................................................ ................................. 12,974 12,974 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 85 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ ................................................................. 463 463 86 LONG RANGE ADVANCED SCOUT SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ............................................................................... ................................. 2,861 2,861 87 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................... ....................................... 60 60 88 RADIATION MONITORING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 11 11 90 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ......................................... 251,062 251,062 91 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ............................................................................................... ....................................................... 525 525 94 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................... ........................................... 26,146 26,146 96 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. ............................................................ 4,050 4,050 97 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ................................................... 960 960 98 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 7,660 7,660 99 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 165,200 165,200 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 112 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ .................................................. 28,475 28,475 CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 121 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ................................................................. 27 27 122 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... .............................................. 20,200 20,200 123 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ................................................................................................. ........................................................... 39,200 39,200 124 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 2,317 2,317 ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 129 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. ......................................... 16,000 16,000 130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... ................................................... 1 1 132 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ............................................... 4,850 4,850 136 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ........................................................ 1 1 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 139 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ................................................................... 270 270 141 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ........................................... 4,300 4,300 142 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,725 1,725 144 FORCE PROVIDER ............................................................................................................. ..................................................................... 55,800 55,800 145 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................ 1,035 1,035 146 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .............................................................................. .................................... 1,980 1,980 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 151 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ........................................................... 17,527 17,527 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ......................................................... 268 268 CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 159 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ........................................... 25,700 25,700 GENERATORS 165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ................................................... 569 569 
TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ........................................... 9,495 9,495 OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 176 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ............................................................ 33 33 177 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. ......................................... 18,000 18,000 178 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ...................................................... 6,000 6,000 179 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ..................................................... 2,080 2,080 180 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... .............................................. 19,200 19,200 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ..................1,382,047 1,382,047 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER AIRCRAFT 25 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 35,065 35,065 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 32 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................... 4,858 4,858 34 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................... 5,380 5,380 44 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ........................................................... 2,165 2,165 49 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 9,820 9,820 51 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ................................................ 3,206 3,206 61 QRC ......................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 2,410 2,410 63 RQ–21 SERIES ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................... 17,215 17,215 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... .............80,119 80,119 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY STRATEGIC MISSILES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4191 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 82,800 Buy-back Tomahawk .............................................................................................................. ............................................................ [82,800] TACTICAL MISSILES 4 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 1,183 1,183 5 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 381 381 12 HELLFIRE .................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,530 1,530 15 AERIAL TARGETS .............................................................................................................. ..................................................................... 6,500 6,500 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... .......................................................... 1,540 1,540 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 38 GUN MOUNT MODS .............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 3,000 3,000 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ..............14,134 96,934 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 62,530 62,530 2 JDAM ......................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 93,019 93,019 3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ....................................................... 2,163 2,163 4 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... ......................................................... 5,000 5,000 6 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................................................................................... ............................................... 5,334 5,334 7 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ............................................... 36,580 36,580 8 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ .............................................................................. 747 747 11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ........................................................ 2,538 2,538 13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 1,807 1,807 15 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ..................................................... 2,229 229 Excess balances ................................................................................................................ ................................................................... [–2,000] MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 19 MORTARS ..................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 2,018 2,018 21 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... .......................................................... 632 632 22 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................. .................................................... 779 779 26 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 164 164 29 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 31,001 31,001 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................................................... .....246,541 244,541 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 21 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,200 9,200 SMALL BOATS 28 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ................................................................... 19,060 19,060 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 43 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ......................................................... 56,950 56,950 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 77 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ................................................ 3,200 3,200 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 82 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................... 2,000 2,000 SONOBUOYS 88 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 21,156 21,156 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ................................................. 33,580 33,580 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 108 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 170 170 109 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................ 400 400 111 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................. 770 770 112 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ................................................................... 7,298 7,298 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 118 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ................................................... 500 500 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 123 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ........................................................ 6,500 6,500 128 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ................................................ 2,200 2,200 
129 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 19,389 19,389 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 4,800 4,800 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ...................187,173 187,173 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 22 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 5,583 5,583 TACTICAL VEHICLES 37 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................... .................................................. 44,440 44,440 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 45 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ....................................................................... 8,000 8,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ...............58,023 58,023 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE OTHER AIRLIFT 6 HC–130J ...................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 100,000 100,000 OTHER AIRCRAFT 17 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................... 339,740 339,740 18 RQ–20B PUMA ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 13,500 13,500 STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 20 B–1B ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................ 4,000 4,000 22 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................................... ....................................... 149,778 149,778 TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 23 A–10 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 10,350 10,350 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4192 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 45 U–2 MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 7,900 7,900 54 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ................................................................ 36,400 36,400 59 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 13,000 13,000 63 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 40,560 40,560 65 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... .............................................................. 87,900 87,900 66 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. .................................................................... 53,731 53,731 68 MQ–9 UAS PAYLOADS ........................................................................................................... ................................................................. 16,000 16,000 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 70 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ........................................................... 91,500 91,500 COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 71 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .......................................................................................... .............................................. 32,529 32,529 72 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 22,000 22,000 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ....1,018,888 1,018,888 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL 2 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ........................................................................................... ................................................. 61,600 84,400 Buy-back JASSM-ER .............................................................................................................. ............................................................ [22,800] 5 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 2,600 2,600 6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 255,000 255,000 7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 140,724 140,724 CLASS IV 13 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ .................................................................. 33,602 33,602 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... .......493,526 516,326 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE CARTRIDGES 2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 29,587 29,587 BOMBS 4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 551,862 551,862 6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. ...................................................... 738,451 738,451 FLARES 15 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 12,116 12,116 FUZES 16 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 81,000 81,000 SMALL ARMS 17 SMALL ARMS .................................................................................................................. ........................................................................ 8,500 8,500 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ........................................................................................................................ 1,421,516 1,421,516 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 9,680 9,680 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... ......................................................... 9,680 9,680 4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ........................................................ 19,680 19,680 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 6 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... .................................................... 24,880 24,880 7 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ..................................................................................................... .......................................................... 34,680 34,680 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 8 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ................................................ 9,736 9,736 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 9 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ..................................................... 24,680 24,680 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 10 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU .......................................................................................... ............................................ 9,680 9,680 11 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ................................................ 9,680 9,680 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ..................................................... 6,156 6,156 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... ................................................... 56,884 56,884 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ................................................. 46,236 46,236 
37 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ...................................................... 2,500 2,500 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 45 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................. 27,911 27,911 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 51 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................ 13,600 13,600 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 53 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ......................................................... 28,800 28,800 54 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .................................................... 53,500 53,500 55 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 78,562 78,562 56 BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ......................................... 28,055 28,055 SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 59 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 2,000 2,000 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 3,229,364 3,229,364 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... .........3,725,944 3,725,944 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ............................................................... 3,800 3,800 17 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS NETWORK ......................................................................................... ............................................ 12,000 12,000 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 25 COUNTER IED & IMPROVISED THREAT TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ .................................... 5,534 5,534 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4193 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................ 41,559 41,559 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS AVIATION PROGRAMS 47 MANNED ISR .................................................................................................................. ......................................................................... 5,000 5,000 48 MC–12 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 5,000 5,000 49 MH–60 BLACKHAWK ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 27,600 27,600 51 UNMANNED ISR ................................................................................................................ ...................................................................... 17,000 17,000 52 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................ 13,000 13,000 53 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ ................................................................................. 51,722 51,722 54 MH–47 CHINOOK ............................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 36,500 36,500 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 61 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 100,850 100,850 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 62 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................... 16,500 16,500 64 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................ .................................................................... 7,700 7,700 67 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... .................................................................. 59,891 59,891 68 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .............................................................. 21,135 21,135 69 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................. ..................................................... 10,000 10,000 71 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... .......................................... 10,805 10,805 73 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 126,539 126,539 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ...............572,135 572,135 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 12,782,468 12,886,068 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................................ ....................... 11,585 11,585 2 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ......................................... 276,912 289,412 Basic research increase ........................................................................................................ ....................................... [7,500] Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... .................................. [5,000] 3 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... ..................................... 65,283 65,283 4 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS ............................................................................ ......................... 92,115 97,115 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .................................. [5,000] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ........445,895 463,395 APPLIED RESEARCH 5 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............................................ 28,600 28,600 6 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................ .............................. 32,366 37,366 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ......................................... [5,000] 7 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ......................................................................................................... ........................................................ 8,674 8,674 8 0602126A TRACTOR JACK ........................................................................................................ ...................................................... 400 400 9 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .............................................. 64,847 59,847 Mission systems / engine and drives coordination ............................................................................... ........................... [–5,000] 10 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... .................................. 25,571 25,571 11 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ................................................. 50,183 50,183 12 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ................................... 29,502 29,502 13 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION ................................................................................... ................................. 28,500 38,500 Pilot for cyber modeling and simulation ........................................................................................ ............................... [10,000] 14 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ...................... 70,450 70,450 15 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. .............................................. 75,541 75,541 16 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. ............ 5,032 5,032 17 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................................................... .................................. 12,394 12,394 18 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ................................ 40,444 42,944 Advanced warheads technology ................................................................................................... ................................ [2,500] 19 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ................................................................................. ................................. 58,283 58,283 20 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ............................................ 29,582 29,582 21 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ .............................................. 21,244 21,244 22 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... ........................... 24,131 26,631 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ..................................... [2,500] 23 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... .............................. 13,242 13,242 24 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ .................. 55,003 50,003 General Program Reduction ...................................................................................................... ................................... [–5,000] 25 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... .............................. 14,958 14,958 26 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... .................................. 78,159 78,159 27 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ........................ 21,862 21,862 28 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ........................................... 40,566 40,566 29 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............................................... 90,075 90,075 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ....919,609 929,609 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 30 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ................................ 39,338 39,338 31 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ .................................... 62,496 62,496 32 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... .................................... 124,958 119,958 Platform design and structures systems ......................................................................................... ............................... [–5,000] 33 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ..................... 102,686 122,686 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4194 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Accelerate ERCA gun ............................................................................................................ ...................................... [20,000] 34 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. ........... 119,739 192,239 Modular scalable powertrain .................................................................................................... ................................... [2,500] Prototype Next Generation Combat Vehicle ....................................................................................... ........................... [70,000] 35 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. ........................... 13,000 13,000 36 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... ......... 8,044 8,044 37 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 22,631 22,631 38 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ...................................................................... ..................... 25,682 25,682 40 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ................ 3,762 3,762 41 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ....................................................................................................... ........................................................ 4,896 4,896 42 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 6,041 6,041 43 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... .................................. 31,491 31,491 44 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. .......................... 61,132 61,132 45 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 16,845 16,845 46 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................... ........... 183,322 188,322 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ......................................... [5,000] 47 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... ............ 11,104 11,104 48 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................................................... .................................. 5,885 5,885 49 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ................................. 61,376 61,376 50 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .................................................................... ............. 9,136 9,136 51 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ....................... 25,864 38,864 Minor MILCON ................................................................................................................... ....................................... [8,000] Program increase ............................................................................................................... ......................................... [5,000] 52 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... ...... 34,883 37,383 PNT research ................................................................................................................... ........................................... [2,500] 53 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ........................................... 52,387 47,387 General program decrease ....................................................................................................... ..................................... [–5,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... 1,026,698 1,129,698 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 54 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ............................................................................ ........................... 10,777 10,777 56 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ........................................................................ .......................... 42,802 42,802 57 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ............................................................................... .......................... 45,254 45,254 58 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV .................................................................. ................ 22,700 22,700 59 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ................................................................................. .............................. 41,974 55,974 Army UPL: Test and evaluation of M999 155mm .................................................................................... ....................... [14,000] 60 0603645A ARMORED SYSTEM MODERNIZATION—ADV DEV ............................................................................... ......................... 119,395 119,395 61 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY .................................................................................. .................................. 8,746 8,746 62 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV .................................................................... ................. 35,667 43,667 ISR capabilities to support long range field artillery ......................................................................... ............................ [8,000] 63 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... ........................ 7,350 7,350 64 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ........................................................................... .................... 14,749 14,749 65 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ................................... 3,687 3,687 66 0603801A AVIATION—ADV DEV ................................................................................................... .................................................. 10,793 10,793 67 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ........................................................................... ......................... 14,248 14,248 68 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ............................................................................................ .......................................... 34,284 34,284 69 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... ......................... 18,044 18,044 70 0604017A ROBOTICS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................. 95,660 95,660 71 0604020A CROSS FUNCTIONAL TEAM (CFT) ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPING ..................................................... . 38,000 38,000 72 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES ........................................................................................... ............................................ 9,765 9,765 73 0604113A FUTURE TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (FTUAS) ................................................................... ................. 12,393 12,393 74 0604114A LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMD) SENSOR ......................................................................
......................... 120,374 120,374 75 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES .................................................................................. ................................. 95,347 95,347 76 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) ........................................................................ ..................... 95,085 95,085 77 0604118A TRACTOR BEAM ....................................................................................................... ...................................................... 52,894 52,894 79 0604121A SYNTHETIC TRAINING ENVIRONMENT REFINEMENT & PROTOTYPING ............................................................ ......... 77,939 77,939 80 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) .................................................. ...... 51,030 81,030 Accelerate delivery and capacity for IFPC ...................................................................................... ............................. [30,000] 81 0305251A CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT ..................................................................... .................. 65,817 70,817 Army Cyber Center of Excellence ................................................................................................ ................................. [5,000] 82 1206120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ................................................................... ....................... 146,300 146,300 83 1206308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... .................................... 38,319 38,319 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ..................................................................... 1,329,393 1,386,393 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 84 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS .................................................................................................. ................................................... 32,293 32,293 85 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ................................. 78,699 78,699 88 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 17,050 17,050 89 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS ........................................................................................... ......................................... 83,155 83,155 90 0604604A MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ........................................... 3,704 3,704 91 0604611A JAVELIN ............................................................................................................ .............................................................. 10,623 10,623 92 0604622A FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES .................................................................................. .................................. 11,950 11,950 93 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ................................................................................................ ................................................. 12,347 12,347 95 0604642A LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES .................................................................................... .................................... 8,212 8,212 96 0604645A ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASM)—ENG DEV ........................................................................ .................... 393,613 318,613 Mobile Protected Firepower decrease ............................................................................................ ................................ [–75,000] 97 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ....................................................................................... ....................................... 139,614 139,614 98 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT ............................................................................ ........................... 4,507 4,507 99 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ................................................................................ ............................... 49,436 49,436 100 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ............................................................. ........... 95,172 95,172 101 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ..................... 22,628 22,628 102 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. ........................... 13,297 13,297 103 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................................................................ .................... 9,145 9,145 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4195 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
104 0604768A BRILLIANT ANTI-ARMOR SUBMUNITION (BAT) ............................................................................ ............................... 9,894 9,894 105 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ........................................................................ .......................... 21,964 21,964 106 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ...................................................................... ........................ 49,288 49,288 107 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ..................................................................................... .................................... 183,100 183,100 108 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV .......................................................................... .......................... 79,706 79,706 109 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV .................................................................. .............. 15,970 15,970 110 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ..................................................... . 44,542 44,542 111 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV .................................................................................. ................................ 50,817 50,817 112 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ............................................................... ......... 178,693 178,693 113 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ................................................ 39,338 39,338 114 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ................................................................... ...................... 37,851 37,851 115 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ........................................................... 45,473 45,473 116 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ................................................................................... .................................. 10,395 10,395 117 0604852A SUITE OF SURVIVABILITY ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS—EMD .................................................................... .................. 69,204 78,204 Suite of Vehicle Protection Systems ............................................................................................ .................................. [9,000] 118 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ............................................ 1,781 1,781 119 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................ 113,758 113,758 120 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................................................................. ................... 166,603 166,603 121 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) .............................................................................. .............................. 118,239 118,239 122 0605029A INTEGRATED GROUND SECURITY SURVEILLANCE RESPONSE CAPABILITY (IGSSR-C) ............................................. 3,211 3,211 123 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) .............................................................................. .................................. 15,889 15,889 124 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ........................................... 41,972 41,972 125 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ......................................................... 41,166 41,166 126 0605033A GROUND-BASED OPERATIONAL SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—EXPEDITIONARY (GBOSS-E) ......................................... 5,175  5,175 127 0605034A TACTICAL SECURITY SYSTEM (TSS) .................................................................................... ......................................... 4,496 4,496 128 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ........................................................................... ......................... 51,178 51,178 129 0605036A COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) ...................................................................... ..................... 11,311 11,311 131 0605038A NUCLEAR BIOLOGICAL CHEMICAL RECONNAISSANCE VEHICLE (NBCRV) SENSOR SUITE ....................................... 17,1 54 17,154 132 0605041A DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. ................................. 36,626 36,626 133 0605042A TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) ......................................................................... ........................... 3,829 3,829 134 0605047A CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ............................................ 41,928 0 Duplication concern in contract writing systems ................................................................................ ........................... [–41,928] 135 0605049A MISSILE WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION (MWSM) ....................................................................... ....................... 28,276 28,276 136 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ................................ 21,965 21,965 137 0605052A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2—BLOCK 1 ................................................................. ...................... 157,710 157,710 138 0605053A GROUND ROBOTICS ................................................................................................... .................................................... 86,167 86,167 139 0605054A EMERGING TECHNOLOGY INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ..................................... 42,866 42,866 140 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ............................................................................ .................................. 15,984 15,984 141 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ...................................... 11,773 11,773 142 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ................................................................... ...................... 277,607 277,607 143 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ........................................................................... ................................ 12,340 12,340 144 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PH ..................... 2,686 2,686 145 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................. ................................ 2,706 2,706 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,521 4,521 150 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... .................................. 8,922 8,922 151 1205117A TRACTOR BEARS ..................................................................................................... ....................................................... 23,170 23,170 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .......................................................................................... 3,192,689 3,084,761 RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 152 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... .................................... 12,835 12,835 153 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ....................................... 12,135 12,135 154 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................... 82,996 107,996 Program increase ...............................................................................................................
......................................... [25,000] 155 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ................................................. 19,821 19,821 156 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ............................................... 246,574 246,574 157 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM .................................................................................. ................................ 30,430 30,430 159 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... ....................................... 305,759 320,759 Increase to help manage directed energy workloads .............................................................................. ........................ [15,000] 160 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ................................................................... .................. 62,379 62,379 161 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. ..................................... 40,496 40,496 162 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ ............................................... 3,941 3,941 163 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ........................................................................ ........................ 9,767 9,767 164 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... ........................................... 21,226 21,226 165 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... ........................................ 13,026 13,026 166 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... ...................................... 52,718 52,718 167 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ............................................ 57,049 57,049 168 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ................................................................... ................... 2,801 2,801 169 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ ............................................. 60,942 60,942 170 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. ..................................... 29,050 29,050 171 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ............................................................... ................ 42,332 42,332 172 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT ..................................................................... ................ 3,216 3,216 173 0605898A ARMY DIRECT REPORT HEADQUARTERS—R&D - MHA ......................................................................... ...................... 54,145 54,145 174 0606001A MILITARY GROUND-BASED CREW TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ........................... 4,896 4,896 175 0606002A RONALD REAGAN BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST SITE ................................................................. ...................... 63,011 63,011 176 0606003A COUNTERINTEL AND HUMAN INTEL MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ...................... 2,636 2,636 177 0606942A ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .................. 88,300 88,300 SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... 1,322,481 1,362,481 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................... 5,955 5,955 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 181 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................. .............................. 8,886 8,886 182 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ........................................................ 4,067 4,067 183 0605024A ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... ................................... 4,254 4,254 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4196 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
184 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ................................................................ ........... 16,022 16,022 185 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ...................................................... 4,577 4,577 186 0607134A LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF) ................................................................................. ...................................... 186,475 186,475 187 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................ 31,049 31,049 188 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................. ....................... 35,240 35,240 189 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................... ........................... 157,822 157,822 190 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................ ......................... 4,189 4,189 191 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................... .................................. 192,637 192,637 194 0607142A AVIATION ROCKET SYSTEM PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ ... 60,860 60,860 195 0607143A UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS ....................................................................... ..................... 52,019 52,019 196 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. ................................................ 2,400 2,400 197 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... ...................................... 65,369 65,369 198 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ............................................................................. ............................. 1 1 199 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) ....................................................... ....... 30,954 30,954 200 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................................... ............................ 411,927 411,927 202 0203743A 155MM SELF-PROPELLED HOWITZER IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................................ ...................... 40,676 40,676 203 0203744A AIRCRAFT MODIFICATIONS/PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................... ........... 17,706 17,706 204 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... ................. 146 146 205 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... .......................................................... 6,316 6,316 206 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................... .................. 1,643 1,643 207 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................................................ ..................... 4,947 4,947 208 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... ....................................................... 34,050 34,050 210 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ...................................... 1,464 1,464 211 0205412A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ........................................................... .... 249 249 212 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ................................................................... ....................... 79,283 79,283 213 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ...................................................................... ...................... 154,102 154,102 216 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. .................................. 12,280 12,280 217 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................. 68,533 68,533 218 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ..................................... 68,619 68,619 220 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .......................................................................... ..................... 2,034 2,034 223 0305172A COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... .................................... 1,500 1,500 224 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ .................................... 450 450 225 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. .................................. 6,000 6,000 226 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ................................... 12,416 12,416 227 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ....................... 38,667 38,667 229 0305232A RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 6,180 6,180 230 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 12,863 12,863 231 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... .................................... 4,310 4,310 233 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ....................................................................... .......................... 53,958 53,958 234 1203142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ................................................................................. ................................. 12,119 12,119 235 1208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ........................................ 7,400 7,400 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. 1,922,614 1,922,614 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY .......................................................................................... 10,159,379 10,278,951 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... ..................................... 119,433 124,433 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .................................. [5,000] 2 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................................ ....................... 19,237 19,237 3 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ......................................... 458,708 468,708 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .................................. [5,000] Quantum information sciences ...................................................................................................
.................................. [5,000] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ........597,378 612,378 APPLIED RESEARCH 4 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................... ............................... 14,643 17,143 Directed energy ................................................................................................................ ........................................... [2,500] 5 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................... ................................ 124,049 124,049 6 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... .......................... 59,607 59,607 7 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................................... ................................ 36,348 36,348 8 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................. ........................ 56,197 48,697 ONR global growth .............................................................................................................. ....................................... [–7,500] 9 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................ ....................... 83,800 83,800 10 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................... ................. 42,998 42,998 11 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH .......................................................................... ......................... 6,349 6,349 12 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................................. ............................... 58,049 78,049 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ..................................... [20,000] 13 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................................... ......................... 147,771 147,771 14 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................... ................. 37,545 37,545 15 0602792N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................. ................. 159,697 164,697 Directed energy and electronic warfare/unmanned and autonomous systems ......................................................... ......... [5,000] 16 0602861N SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT—ONR FIELD ACITIVITIES ............................................................ ........ 64,418 64,418 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ....891,471 911,471 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 19 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... .......................... 2,423 2,423 21 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ....................................................................... .................. 150,245 140,245 Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ......................................... [–10,000] 22 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... .............. 13,313 13,313 23 0603671N NAVY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT (ATD) ......................................................................... .................... 131,502 131,502 24 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... .... 232,996 232,996 25 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................ 58,657 58,657 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4197 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
30 0603801N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............................................. 161, 859 166,359 DE & EW/unmanned and autonomous systems ........................................................................................ ..................... [4,500] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... 750,995 745,495 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 31 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... ..................................... 29,747 29,747 32 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................. .............................................. 7,050 7,050 33 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ................................................... 793 793 34 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ .......................................... 7,058 7,058 35 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE ................................................................................... .................................. 3,540 3,540 36 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. ............................ 59,741 62,241 Locust/HCUS/INP Transition ..................................................................................................... .................................. [2,500] 37 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................... ............... 62,727 36,727 Barracuda EDMs ahead of PDR and CDR ............................................................................................ ....................... [–26,000] 38 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ....................................................................................... ....................................... 8,570 8,570 39 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ...................................... 5,440 5,440 40 0603525N PILOT FISH ......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 162,222 162,222 41 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 11,745 11,745 42 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER .................................................................................................... ..................................................... 114,265 114,265 43 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL ............................................................................................... .............................................. 740 740 44 0603553N SURFACE ASW ........................................................................................................ ........................................................ 1,122 1,122 45 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. ......................... 109,086 112,586 Advanced submarine propulsion development ...................................................................................... ......................... [3,500] 46 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................... 9,374 9,374 47 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ....................................................................................... ....................................... 89,419 107,419 CHAMP acceleration ............................................................................................................. ...................................... [18,000] 48 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ...................................................................... .......................... 13,348 13,348 49 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ................................. 256,137 256,137 50 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ................................................................................. .............................. 22,109 22,109 51 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ........................................................ 29,744 29,744 52 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ......................................................................................... ............................................ 27,997 27,997 53 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION .......................................................................................... ........................................ 16,351 16,351 54 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT ................................................................................................... .................................................. 514,846 514,846 55 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ................................................................................................ ................................................. 103,633 133,033 Project 2552: Align with deferred LCS–6 SSMM test .............................................................................. ........................ [–5,000] Transfer from PE 64028N ........................................................................................................ ..................................... [16,700] Transfer from PE 64126N ........................................................................................................ ..................................... [10,100] Transfer from PE 64127N ........................................................................................................ ..................................... [7,600] 56 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND ANALYSIS ........................................................................................ ....................................... 7,931 7,931 57 0603599N FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................ .............................................. 134,772 134,772 58 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................ 9,307 9,307 60 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM .......................................................................... ...................... 1,828 1,828 61 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ..................... 43,148 43,148 62 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... ...................... 5,915 5,915 63 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ........................................................................................... ........................................ 19,811 19,811 64 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ................................................................................................ .............................................. 25,656 25,656 65 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................. 5,301 5,301 66 0603734N CHALK CORAL ........................................................................................................ ........................................................ 267,985 267,985 67 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ......................................................................................... .......................................... 4,059 4,059 68 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ...................................................................................................... ..................................................... 377,878 377,878 69 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ...................................................................................................... ...................................................... 381,770 381,770 70 0603751N RETRACT ELM ........................................................................................................
........................................................ 60,535 60,535 73 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ................................... 9,652 9,652 74 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. .......................................... 15,529 0 Program delay and no GLGP EMD FYDP funding ..................................................................................... .................. [–15,529] 75 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING ................................................................................... ................................... 27,581 27,581 76 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ............................................................... ............. 101,566 101,566 77 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ........................................................................ ...................... 223,344 223,344 78 0604014N F/A–18 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) ............................................................................ ................................. 108,700 132,700 IRST block II risk reduction ................................................................................................... ..................................... [24,000] 79 0604027N DIGITAL WARFARE OFFICE ............................................................................................. ............................................. 26,691 26,691 80 0604028N SMALL AND MEDIUM UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES ........................................................................ ................... 16,717 0 Transfer to PE 63596N .......................................................................................................... ....................................... [–16,717] 81 0604029N UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLE CORE TECHNOLOGIES ........................................................................ .................... 30,187 30,187 82 0604030N RAPID PROTOTYPING, EXPERIMENTATION AND DEMONSTRATION. .............................................................. ........... 48,796 48,796 83 0604031N LARGE UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES ................................................................................... ................................ 92,613 71,413 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ............................................ [–21,200] 84 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) .......................................................... .............. 58,121 58,121 86 0604126N LITTORAL AIRBORNE MCM .............................................................................................. ............................................. 17,622 7,522 Transfer to PE 63596N .......................................................................................................... ....................................... [–10,100] 87 0604127N SURFACE MINE COUNTERMEASURES ....................................................................................... .................................... 18,154 10,554 Transfer to PE 63596N .......................................................................................................... ....................................... [–7,600] 88 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ........................................................ ...... 47,278 47,278 90 0604289M NEXT GENERATION LOGISTICS .......................................................................................... ........................................... 11,081 11,081 92 0604320M RAPID TECHNOLOGY CAPABILITY PROTOTYPE .............................................................................. ........................... 7,107 7,107 93 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................. ................................................................. 5,549 5,549 94 0604536N ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING ...................................................................................... .................................. 87,669 87,669 95 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ....................................................................... ................... 132,818 132,818 96 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT .............................................. 7, 230 7,230 97 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. ............ 143,062 143,062 99 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ........................................................................................ .................................... 8,889 8,889 100 0304240M ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ........................................................................ ...................... 25,291 25,291 101 0304240N ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ........................................................................ ...................... 9,300 9,300 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4198 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
102 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ................................................................................ ............................ 466 466 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ..................................................................... 4,293,713 4,273,967 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 103 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT .......................................................................................... ............................................. 12,798 12,798 104 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ........................................... 32,128 32,128 105 0604214M AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................ .............................................. 46,363 30,163 Lacks operational justification/need ........................................................................................... .................................. [–16,200] 107 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................ 3,771 3,771 108 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... .................... 16,611 16,611 109 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................................................... ..................................... 17,368 17,368 110 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ......................................... 2,134 2,134 111 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ............................................ 9,729 9,729 112 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ........................................... 57,688 57,688 113 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE .................................................................................................. ................................................. 223,565 223,565 114 0604245M H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ......................................................... 58,097 58,097 116 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... ............................................. 42,485 42,485 117 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 143,079 143,079 118 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ...................................... 20,980 30,980 Increase to advance aircrew physiological monitoring ........................................................................... ........................ [10,000] 119 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 147,419 242,719 UPL—EA–18G Advanced Modes / Cognitive EW ....................................................................................... ..................... [95,300] 120 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... .................................. 89,824 121,424 UPL—EA–18G Offensive Airborne Electronic Attack Special Mission Pod ............................................................ .......... [31,600] 121 0604273M EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ....................................... 245,064 245,064 123 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... ......................................... 459,529 459,529 124 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ...................................................................... ......................... 3,272 3,272 125 0604282N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II ......................................................................... ............................. 115,253 115,253 126 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ....................................................................... .................... 397,403 397,403 127 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. ...................................... 939 50,939 Mk 41 VLS integration .......................................................................................................... ...................................... [50,000] 128 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ........................................... 104,448 104,448 129 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... ..................................... 165,881 184,881 Navy UPL: SM–6 Blk 1B 21 ″ rocket motor ................................................................................................................... .. [19,000] 130 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... ....................................................... 10,831 10,831 131 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ..................................................... ... 33,429 33,429 132 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... ..................................... 35,635 35,635 133 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. .................................... 126,932 126,932 134 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... .......................................................... 62,448 62,448 135 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ .......................................... 9,710 9,710 136 0604518N COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION .............................................................................. ............................ 19,303 19,303 137 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM ....................................................................... .......................... 27,059 27,059 138 0604530N ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) ..................................................................................... ....................................... 184,106 184,106 139 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 148,233 148,233 140 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ................................................................................. ................................ 60,824 60,824 141 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... ..................................... 60,062 66,062 Planning to support FY21 award of LHA–9 ........................................................................................ .......................... [6,000] 142 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................. ................................. 4,642 4,642 144 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. .................................................. 25,756 25,756 145 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... ................................ 95,147 95,147 146 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................
...................... 7,107 7,107 147 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ................................................................ .................. 6,539 6,539 148 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ...................................... 441 441 149 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. ................................... 180,391 180,391 150 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................. ................................... 178,538 178,538 151 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) .......................................................................... ................................. 120,507 120,507 152 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ............................................. 29,715 29,715 153 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... .............................................. 8,095 8,095 154 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ................................................. 121,026 121,026 155 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ......................................... 66,566 66,566 156 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ......................................... 65,494 65,494 159 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................ 14,005 14,005 160 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................ 268,567 178,467 Duplication concern in contract writing systems ................................................................................ ........................... [–26,300] Lengthy delivery timelines for Navy Personnel and Pay System ................................................................... ................. [–63,800] 161 0605024N ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... ................................... 5,618 5,618 162 0605212M CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ........................................................... 326,945 326,945 164 0605215N MISSION PLANNING .................................................................................................. ..................................................... 32,714 32,714 165 0605217N COMMON AVIONICS ................................................................................................... .................................................... 51,486 51,486 166 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... .......................................... 1,444 1,444 167 0605327N T-AO 205 CLASS .................................................................................................... ........................................................... 1,298 1,298 168 0605414N UNMANNED CARRIER AVIATION (UCA) ................................................................................... ..................................... 718,942 718,942 169 0605450M JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ...................................... 6,759 6,759 171 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ............................................................................. ............................... 37,296 37,296 172 0605504N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME (MMA) INCREMENT III ........................................................................ ............................ 160,389 160,389 173 0605611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ................................................. 9 8,223 98,223 174 0605813M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ......................................... 2,2 60 2,260 175 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................................................... 161,264 161,264 180 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ....................................... 44,098 44,098 182 0306250M CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... ........................ 6,808 6,808 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .......................................................................................... 6,042,480 6,148,080 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4199 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
183 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... .................................... 94,576 94,576 184 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ....................................... 10,981 10,981 185 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................... 77,014 77,014 186 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ................................................................ ................... 48 48 187 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ................................................................................. .................................. 3,942 3,942 188 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... .......................................... 48,797 48,797 189 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ............................................ 5,000 5,000 191 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... ...................................... 1,029 1,029 192 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ..................................................................... .................... 87,565 78,565 Insufficient budget justification .............................................................................................. ..................................... [–9,000] 193 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ......................................... 4,231 4,231 194 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ........................................................................... ........................ 1,072 1,072 195 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... ..................................... 97,471 97,471 196 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ........................................ 373,834 373,834 197 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ........................................................................ ......................... 21,554 21,554 198 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ................................................................... .................... 16,227 16,227 200 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ................................................................................. ................................ 24,303 24,303 201 0605898N MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .............................................. 43,262 43,262 202 0606355N WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................... .................................. 41,918 41,918 203 0606942M ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .................. 7,000 7,000 204 0606942N ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .................. 48,800 48,800 205 0305327N INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 1,682 1,682 206 0902498N MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (DEPARTMENTAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES) ......................................................... ..... 1,579 1,579 208 1206867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ........................................................................... ........................... 8,684 8,684 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................ 1,020,569 1,011,569 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................... 1,549,503 1,549,503 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 210 0604227N HARPOON MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................. .............................................. 5,426 5,426 211 0604840M F–35 C2D2 ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 259,122 259,122 212 0604840N F–35 C2D2 ......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 252,360 252,360 213 0607658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) ........................................................................... ............................ 130,515 130,515 214 0607700N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL .............................................................................. ............................ 3,127 3,127 215 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ............................. 157,679 157,679 216 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................................. ................................. 43,198 43,198 217 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ ......................... 11,311 11,311 218 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... ..................................... 39,313 39,313 219 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. ...................................................... 193,086 193,086 220 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ............................................................................... ................................ 25,014 25,014 221 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ..................................................... 11,661 11,661 222 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) .............................................................. ........... 282,395 291,095 Restore MST to maintain 2020 IOC ............................................................................................... ................................ [8,700] 223 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... .................................... 36,959 71,959 Additional TRAPS units ......................................................................................................... ..................................... [35,000] 224 0204313N SHIP-TOWED ARRAY SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................. ............................. 15,454 15,454 225 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ............................................................ .............. 6,073 6,073 226 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ........................................................................... .............................. 45,029 45,029 227 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ....................... 104,903 104,903 228 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ......................................... 4,544 4,544 229 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ......................................................................... .......................... 66,889 66,889 230 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. ................................................. 120,762 21,522 Cancel ER program ..............................................................................................................
....................................... [–99,240] 231 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... .................................................. 104,696 116,696 UPL—Tactical Targeting Network Technology acceleration ......................................................................... ................. [12,000] 232 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ............................................................................. ............................. 28,421 28,421 233 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... .......................................................... 94,155 94,155 234 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. .............................................. 121,805 136,805 UPL—F/A–18 E/F Super Hornet Engine Enhancements ................................................................................ ................. [15,000] 235 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ................................ 117,028 117,028 236 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................... .............................. 174,779 174,779 237 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ................................................................ .............. 4,826 4,826 238 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ................................................................ .............. 97,152 97,152 239 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT .............................................................................. ............................... 30,156 30,156 240 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ................................................................ .................. 39,976 39,976 241 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ .......................................... 22,637 0 Lacks operational justification/need ........................................................................................... .................................. [–22,637] 242 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. .................................................. 40,121 40,121 243 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................................. .................. 32,473 32,473 249 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) ........................................................... ............ 23,697 23,697 250 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................. 44,228 44,228 252 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES .................................................................... ........................ 6,081 6,081 253 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. .................................. 8,529 8,529 254 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................. ................................ 41,212 41,212 255 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ....................... 7,687 7,687 256 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ....................... 42,846 42,846 257 0305220N MQ–4C TRITON ...................................................................................................... ......................................................... 14,395 14,395 258 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 9,843 9,843 259 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 524 524 260 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ .................................... 5,360 5,360 261 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ................................................................ 10,914 10,914 262 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. ............................ 81,231 81,231 263 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ...................................................................... ......................... 5,956 5,956 264 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .................................................. 219,894 219,894 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4200 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
265 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................... ................................... 7,097 7,097 266 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........................................... 36,560 36,560 267 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... .................................... 7,284 7,284 268 1203109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. .................................... 39,174 39,174 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. 4,885,060 4,833,883 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ........................................................................................... 18,481,666 18,536,843 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ......................................... 348,322 358,322 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .................................. [5,000] Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... .................................. [5,000] 2 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... ..................................... 154,991 154,991 3 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES .............................................................................. .............................. 14,506 17,006 Directed energy research ....................................................................................................... ...................................... [2,500] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ........517,819 530,319 APPLIED RESEARCH 4 0602102F MATERIALS ........................................................................................................... ......................................................... 125,373 129,373 Advanced materials analysis .................................................................................................... .................................... [4,000] 5 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ...................................................................................... .................................. 130,547 135,547 High speed systems technology (hypersonic vehicle structures) .................................................................. .................... [5,000] 6 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................ ............................ 112,518 112,518 7 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION ................................................................................................ ............................................. 190,919 213,419 Affordable Responsive Modular Rocket ........................................................................................... ............................. [15,000] Multi-mode propulsion .......................................................................................................... ...................................... [3,000] Solid rocket motor produce on-demand ........................................................................................... .............................. [2,000] Turbine engine technology ...................................................................................................... .................................... [2,500] 8 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................... ................................................. 166,534 159,034 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–7,500] 9 0602298F SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT— MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES ............................................... 8,288  8,288 11 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................ 112,841 112,841 12 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................... ...................................... 141,898 145,898 Skywave technologies laboratory ................................................................................................ ................................. [4,000] 13 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS .......................................................................... ....................... 162,420 162,420 14 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ......................................... 43,359 55,859 Directed energy research ....................................................................................................... ...................................... [2,500] High powered microwave ......................................................................................................... .................................... [10,000] 15 1206601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................... .................................................. 117,645 123,645 Wargaming and simulator lab .................................................................................................... .................................. [6,000] SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ....1,312,342 1,358,842 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 16 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .............................................................................. .......................... 34,426 31,926 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–5,000] Materials affordability ........................................................................................................ ........................................ [2,500] 17 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ........................................................................... ........................... 15,150 16,150 Prevention/enhanced maintainability technologies ............................................................................... ......................... [1,000] 18 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ......................................................................................... ....................................... 39,968 39,968 19 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ...................................................................................... .................................. 121,002 131,002 Design/Manufacture aircraft aft body drag reduction devices .................................................................... .................... [10,000] 20 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ..................... 115,462 139,462 General program increase .......................................................................................................
..................................... [9,000] Multi-mode propulsion .......................................................................................................... ...................................... [5,000] Technology for the Sustainment of Strategic Systems ............................................................................ ........................ [10,000] 21 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ................................... 55,319 60,319 RF/EO/IR warning and countermeasures ........................................................................................... ........................... [5,000] 22 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ................................. 54,895 54,895 23 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) .............................................................................. ............................... 10,674 10,674 24 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ ........ 36,463 36,463 25 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... ............................... 194,981 194,981 26 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ................................... 43,368 53,368 Demonstrator laser weapon system ............................................................................................... ................................ [10,000] 27 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................ 42,025 42,025 28 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ................................................................ ....... 51,064 51,064 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... 814,797 862,297 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 30 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. .............................. 5,568 5,568 32 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ................................. 18,194 18,194 33 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ................................... 2,305 2,305 35 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL ......................................................................... ........................ 41,856 41,856 37 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE—BOMBER ........................................................................................... ........................................ 2,314,196 2,314,196 38 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... .................... 14,894 14,894 39 0604257F ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY AND SENSORS .................................................................................... ................................. 34,585 34,585 40 0604288F NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPS CENTER (NAOC) RECAP .......................................................................... ........................... 9,740 9,740 41 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ................................................................................................ .............................................. 12,960 12,960 42 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ....................................................... ... 71,501 71,501 43 0604414F CYBER RESILIENCY OF WEAPON SYSTEMS-ACS ............................................................................. ............................. 62,618 62,618 46 0604776F DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D ........................................................................... ......................... 28,350 38,350 Tanker prototype ............................................................................................................... ......................................... [10,000] 48 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ............................................................................................ ........................................... 1,186,075 1,408,875 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4201 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Acceleration of Hypersonic Conventional Strike Weapon .......................................................................... ..................... [100,000] Low cost attritable aircraft prototype ......................................................................................... .................................. [80,000] Rapid Sustainment Initiative ................................................................................................... .................................... [42,800] 49 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ................................................................................... ................................. 345,041 414,441 UPL program acceleration ....................................................................................................... .................................... [69,400] 50 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ...................................................................................... ..................................... 503,997 503,997 51 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ........................................................................ ....................... 40,326 40,326 52 0208099F UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) .............................................................................................. ............................................... 29,800 29,800 54 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) .......................................................................... .......................... 41,880 41,880 55 0305601F MISSION PARTNER ENVIRONMENTS ....................................................................................... ...................................... 10,074 10,074 56 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ ....................... 253,825 253,825 57 0306415F ENABLED CYBER ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................... ............................................ 16,325 16,325 59 0901410F CONTRACTING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM .......................................................................... ..................... 17,577 0 Duplication concern ............................................................................................................ ........................................ [–17,577] 60 1203164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ......................................................... ........... 286,629 286,629 61 1203710F EO/IR WEATHER SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................... 7,940 7,940 62 1206422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON ........................................................................................... ........................................ 138,052 138,052 63 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS .................................................................................. .................................. 39,338 39,338 64 1206434F MIDTERM POLAR MILSATCOM SYSTEM ..................................................................................... .................................. 383,113 383,113 65 1206438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ......................................... 91,018 91,018 66 1206730F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................................................................. ............................... 45,542 45,542 67 1206760F PROTECTED TACTICAL ENTERPRISE SERVICE (PTES) ....................................................................... ......................... 51,419 51,419 68 1206761F PROTECTED TACTICAL SERVICE (PTS) ................................................................................... ..................................... 29,776 29,776 69 1206855F PROTECTED SATCOM SERVICES (PSCS)—AGGREGATED ........................................................................ ..................... 29,379 29,379 70 1206857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ..................................................................................... .................................... 366,050 316,050 Space RCO Solar Power Project—Early to need .................................................................................... ........................ [–50,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ..................................................................... 6,529,943 6,764,566 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 71 0604200F FUTURE ADVANCED WEAPON ANALYSIS & PROGRAMS ......................................................................... ..................... 39,602 39,602 72 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... .................... 58,531 58,531 73 0604222F NUCLEAR WEAPONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ .......................................... 4,468 4,468 74 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ................................. 1,909 1,909 75 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE .................................................................................. ................................ 207,746 257,746 Increase to accelerate 21st Century Battle Management Command and Control ...................................................... ........ [50,000] 76 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ........................................ 14,421 14,421 77 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ...................................................................................... ................................... 73,158 73,158 81 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ......................................................................................... ........................................ 7,153 7,153 83 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ................................ 58,590 58,590 84 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 2,990 2,990 85 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT ............................................................................................... .............................................. 20,028 20,028 86 0604618F JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ....................................................................................... ........................................ 15,787 15,787 87 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ................................................ 8,919 8,919 88 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................. ............................................ 35,895 35,895 89 0604800F F–35—EMD ........................................................................................................... ........................................................... 69,001 69,001 90 0307581F JSTARS RECAP ....................................................................................................... ......................................................... 0 50,000 Continue JSTARS recap GMTI radar development ................................................................................... ..................... [50,000] 91 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ......................................................................................... ...................................... 614,920 699,920 UPL Program acceleration ....................................................................................................... ................................... [85,000] 92 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................ ........................................... 172,902 172,902 97 0605221F KC–46 .............................................................................................................. ................................................................. 88,170 88,170 98 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ............................................................................................
............................................ 265,465 265,465 99 0605229F COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER ........................................................................................... ......................................... 457,652 457,652 105 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT ................................................................................. ............................... 3,617 3,617 106 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................... .................................... 261,758 261,758 107 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ................................... 91,907 91,907 108 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................ 137,095 137,095 109 0207328F STAND IN ATTACK WEAPON ............................................................................................ .............................................. 43,175 43,175 110 0207423F ADVANCED COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ................................. 14,888 14,888 111 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ...................................................................................... ........................................ 1,015 1,015 116 0401310F C–32 EXECUTIVE TRANSPORT RECAPITALIZATION ......................................................................... ............................ 7,943 7,943 117 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT RECAPITALIZATION (PAR) ...................................................................... .......................... 673,032 673,032 118 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............................................ 13,653 13,653 119 1203176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................................................... ................................... 939 939 120 1203269F GPS IIIC .......................................................................................................... ................................................................ 451,889 451,889 121 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .............................................................................. ............................... 46,668 46,668 122 1206421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................... 20,676 20,676 123 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ................................... 134,463 134,463 124 1206426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... .......................................................... 20,215 20,215 125 1206431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ..................................... 151,506 151,506 126 1206432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... .............................................. 27,337 27,337 127 1206433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ..................................... 3,970 3,970 128 1206441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ...................................................................... .......................... 60,565 60,565 129 1206442F EVOLVED SBIRS ..................................................................................................... ........................................................ 643,126 743,126 Accelerate sensor development .................................................................................................. ................................... [100,000] 130 1206853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD ............................................................. ......... 245,447 245,447 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .......................................................................................... 5,272,191 5,557,191 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 131 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... .................................... 34,256 34,256 132 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................... 91,844 106,844 Test infrastructure improvements ............................................................................................... .................................. [15,000] 133 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ ............................................... 34,614 34,614 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4202 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
135 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ............................................................................. ................................ 18,043 18,043 136 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ........................................ 692,784 692,784 137 0605826F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL POWER ....................................................................................... ...................................... 233,924 233,924 138 0605827F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL VIG & COMBAT SYS ............................................................................ ............................. 263,488 263,488 139 0605828F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL REACH ....................................................................................... ...................................... 153,591 153,591 140 0605829F ACQ WORKFORCE- CYBER, NETWORK, & BUS SYS .......................................................................... ............................ 232,315 232,315 141 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT ................................................................................. ............................... 169,868 169,868 142 0605831F ACQ WORKFORCE- CAPABILITY INTEGRATION ............................................................................. .............................. 226,219 226,219 143 0605832F ACQ WORKFORCE- ADVANCED PRGM TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ....................... 38,400 38,400 144 0605833F ACQ WORKFORCE- NUCLEAR SYSTEMS .................................................................................... ................................... 125,761 125,761 147 0605898F MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .............................................. 10,642 10,642 148 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .......................................... 162, 216 162,216 149 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ................................................................ ................ 28,888 28,888 150 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION .............................................................................. ............................. 35,285 35,285 153 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. .................................... 20,545 20,545 154 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ................................................................................ ............................... 12,367 12,367 155 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............................................... 1,448 1,448 157 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... .............................................. 3,998 3,998 158 1206116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ......................... 23,254 23,254 159 1206392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ................................................................. ..................... 169,912 169,912 160 1206398F SPACE & MISSILE SYSTEMS CENTER—MHA ................................................................................ ................................. 10,508 10,508 161 1206860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ............................................................................. ............................. 19,721 19,721 162 1206864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... .............................................. 25,620 25,620 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................ 2,839,511 2,854,511 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................... 16,534,124 16,534,124 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 165 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ......................................................................... ......................... 11,344 11,344 167 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) .................................................................. ...................... 47,287 13,141 Poor agile development implementation and lenghty delivery timeline ............................................................ ............... [–34,146] 168 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ........................................................................... ......................... 32,770 32,770 169 0605117F FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION ..................................................................... ...................... 68,368 68,368 170 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. ................................................. 32,574 32,574 171 0606018F NC3 INTEGRATION ................................................................................................... ...................................................... 26,112 26,112 172 0606942F ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .................. 99,100 99,100 173 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 280,414 295,214 Air Force requested realignment ................................................................................................ .................................. [14,800] 174 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ ..................................... 5,955 5,955 175 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ...................................................... 76,030 76,030 176 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... ........................................................ 105,561 105,561 177 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... .............................................. 156,047 156,047 179 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS .......................................................................... ......................... 10,442 10,442 180 0101324F INTEGRATED STRATEGIC PLANNING & ANALYSIS NETWORK .................................................................. .................. 22,833 22,833 181 0101328F ICBM REENTRY VEHICLES ............................................................................................. ............................................... 18,412 18,412 183 0102110F UH–1N REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ........................................ 288,022 288,022 184 0102326F REGION/SECTOR OPERATION CONTROL CENTER MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ...................................................... .. 9,252 9,252 186 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 115,345 115,345 188 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 26,738 26,738 189 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 191,564 191,564 190 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ...................................................... 192,883 192,883 191 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... .................................... 15,238 15,238 192 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ...................................................................................................
...................................................... 603,553 603,553 193 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 549,501 549,501 194 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. .................................................. 37,230 37,230 195 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................................. .................. 61,393 61,393 196 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... ........................................ 647 647 198 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT .............................................................................. .............................. 14,891 14,891 199 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ........................................................ 13,901 13,901 200 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... ................. 121,203 121,203 202 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ..................................................................... ........................... 60,062 60,062 203 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... .................................... 106,102 106,102 204 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ................................................................................ .................................. 6,413 6,413 205 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ....................................................................... ....................... 120,664 130,664 Increase to accelerate 21st Century Battle Management Command and Control ...................................................... ........ [10,000] 206 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................. .................................. 2,659 2,659 208 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES ......................................................................... ............................ 10,316 10,316 209 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... ..................................... 6,149 6,149 210 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... ............................................... 1,738 1,738 211 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ............................................................... 13,297 13,297 212 0207573F NATIONAL TECHNICAL NUCLEAR FORENSICS .............................................................................. ............................... 1,788 1,788 213 0207581F JOINT SURVEILLANCE/TARGET ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM (JSTARS) ............................................................ ............... 14,888 14,888 214 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ........................................................... 24,699 24,699 215 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... ....................................... 17,078 17,078 216 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS .................................................................................. ................................. 6,141 6,141 218 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................................................................................ ................................... 4,225 4,225 219 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ............................................. 63,653 63,653 220 0208007F TACTICAL DECEPTION ................................................................................................ .................................................. 6,949 6,949 221 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ ................................. 40,526 40,526 222 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ ................................. 24,166 24,166 223 0208097F JOINT CYBER COMMAND AND CONTROL (JCC2) ............................................................................ .............................. 13,000 13,000 224 0208099F UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) ............................................................................................. ................................................ 28,759 28,759 229 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ........................................................................ .......................... 3,579 3,579 230 0301112F NUCLEAR PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM (NPES) ...................................................................... ........................ 29,620 29,620 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4203 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
237 0301401F AIR FORCE SPACE AND CYBER NON-TRADITIONAL ISR FOR BATTLESPACE AWARENESS ....................................... 6,63 3 6,633 238 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ................................................................... ...................... 57,758 57,758 240 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................................................ ... 99,088 99,088 241 0303133F HIGH FREQUENCY RADIO SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ....................................... 51,612 51,612 242 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................. 34,612 34,612 244 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ........................................................................... ......................... 2,170 2,170 246 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ............................................ 106,873 106,873 247 0304310F COMMERCIAL ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ...................................................................................... ...................................... 3,472 3,472 250 0305015F C2 AIR OPERATIONS SUITE—C2 INFO SERVICES .......................................................................... ................................ 8,608 8,608 251 0305020F CCMD INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ........................ 1,586 1,586 252 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) .............................................................................. .............................. 4,492 4,492 254 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ..................................................... 26,942 26,942 255 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ........................................................ ............ 6,271 6,271 256 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 8,383 8,383 259 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. .................................. 418 418 261 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................... ......................... 3,845 3,845 268 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ........................................................... 48,518 48,518 270 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ................................... 175,334 175,334 271 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... .................................... 14,223 14,223 272 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ....................... 24,554 24,554 273 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 221,690 221,690 274 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ........................................................................... ......................... 14,288 14,288 275 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 51,527 51,527 276 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ .......................................... 26,579 26,579 278 0305600F INTERNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY AND ARCHITECTURES ........................................................... ......... 8,464 8,464 280 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... .............................................. 4,303 4,303 284 0305984F PERSONNEL RECOVERY COMMAND & CTRL (PRC2) .......................................................................... .......................... 2,466 2,466 285 0307577F INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................... ........................................ 4,117 4,117 287 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ ................................................. 105,988 105,988 288 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ ............................................... 25,071 25,071 289 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ ........................................................ 48,299 48,299 290 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 15,409 15,409 291 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) ........................................................................ ......................... 4,334 4,334 292 0401218F KC–135S ........................................................................................................... ................................................................ 3,493 3,493 293 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ ................................................................. 6,569 6,569 294 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ......................................... 3,172 3,172 295 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. .................................................................. 18,502 18,502 296 0401840F AMC COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................... ................................. 1,688 1,688 297 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. ...................................... 2,541 2,541 298 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........................................... 1,897 1,897 299 0708055F MAINTENANCE, REPAIR & OVERHAUL SYSTEM ............................................................................. ............................. 50,933 15,873 Poor agile development implementation .......................................................................................... .............................. [–35,060] 300 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) .......................................................................... ............................ 13,787 13,787 301 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ...................................... 4,497 4,497 302 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ................................................ 2,022 2,022 303 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ........................................... 108 108 304 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... .................................... 2,023 2,023 305 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... ..................................... 3,772 3,772 306 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ........................................... 6,358 6,358 307 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ............................................................................. ................................ 1,418 1,418 308 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ..............................................................
......... 99,734 87,918 Poor agile development implementation .......................................................................................... .............................. [–11,816] 309 1201921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................... ....................... 14,161 14,161 310 1202247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 26,986 26,986 311 1203001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ......................................................................... ............................ 80,168 80,168 312 1203110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................. ................................... 17,808 17,808 314 1203165F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE AND CONTROL SEGMENTS) .................................................... ..... 8,937 8,937 315 1203173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ...................................................................... ......................... 59,935 59,935 316 1203174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................... .. 21,019 21,019 317 1203179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ .................................... 8,568 8,568 318 1203182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ........................................ 10,641 10,641 319 1203265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ................................................... 144,543 144,543 320 1203400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... ....................................... 16,278 16,278 321 1203614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. .................................................. 72,256 62,256 Assumed cost savings ........................................................................................................... ....................................... [–10,000] 322 1203620F NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER ..................................................................................... ....................................... 42,209 42,209 325 1203913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ....................................... 19,778 19,778 326 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .............................................................................. ............................... 19,572 19,572 327 1206423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ......................................................... ........ 513,235 513,235 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. 22,891,740 22,825,518 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ............................................................................................... 40,178,343 40,753,244 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................ ................................................ 37,023 37,023 2 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ......................................... 422,130 429,630 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .................................. [5,000] Critical materials ............................................................................................................. ........................................... [2,500] 3 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ........................................................................................ ............................................. 42,702 52,702 Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... .................................. [5,000] University-lab research partnership ............................................................................................ ................................. [5,000] 4 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE .......................................................................... ....................... 47,825 57,825 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4204 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
TBI Treatment for blast injuries ............................................................................................... ................................... [10,000] 5 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................... 85,919 85,919 6 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ................................................ ... 30,412 30,412 7 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................................ ......................... 42,103 42,103 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ........708,114 735,614 APPLIED RESEARCH 8 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ......................................... 19,170 21,670 Insensitive munitions .......................................................................................................... ........................................ [2,500] 9 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ........................................... 101,300 101,300 11 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................. 51,596 51,596 12 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ........................................................... .............. 60,688 53,188 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–7,500] 13 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ ....................... 395,317 395,317 14 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ....................................... 38,640 38,640 15 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ........................................................................... .......................... 192,674 192,674 16 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH .......................................................................................... .............................................. 14,969 14,969 17 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............................................... 335,466 332,966 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ..................................... [2,500] MAD-FIRES reduction ............................................................................................................ .................................... [–5,000] 18 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ ............................. 226,898 211,898 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–15,000] 19 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ........................................... 333,847 333,847 20 0602718BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................. ............ 161,151 161,151 21 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................ .................. 9,300 9,300 22 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ...................................... 35,921 35,921 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ....1,976,937 1,954,437 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 23 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. ............................... 25,598 25,598 24 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ........................................................................... .......................... 125,271 111,271 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–14,000] 25 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ...................................................................................... ......................................... 24,532 24,532 27 0603160BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................................... 299,858 2 99,858 28 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ....................................................................... .................. 13,017 13,017 29 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .............................................. 0 13,400 MDA UPL: Accelerate hypersonic missile defense ................................................................................. ........................ [13,400] 31 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH .................................................................................................. ................................................ 20,365 42,565 Accelerate hypersonic missile defense .......................................................................................... ................................. [22,200] 32 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... ................... 18,644 18,644 34 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................... ....................................... 277,603 282,603 Hypersonics weapons programs development and transition ........................................................................ .................. [5,000] 35 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ................................... 254,671 364,671 Blackjack increase ............................................................................................................. ......................................... [110,000] 36 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................. ................................................. 19,472 19,472 37 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ........................................................................ .......................... 37,263 37,263 38 0603291D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS—MHA .................................................................... ................... 13,621 13,621 39 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... .................................. 189,753 189,753 40 0603342D8W DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL (DIUX) ...................................................................... .......................... 29,364 29,864 Defense technology innovation .................................................................................................. .................................. [500] 41 0603375D8Z TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ............................................................................................ .............................................. 83,143 103,143 Commercial SAR satellites ......................................................................................................
..................................... [20,000] 42 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 14 2,826 142,826 43 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 161,128 161,128 44 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. .............................. 12,918 12,918 45 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ....................................................................... ........................ 106,049 106,049 46 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ............................................................................ ............................. 12,696 5,196 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–7,500] 47 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ........................................................ ..... 114,637 121,637 Enhancing cybersecurity for small vendors ...................................................................................... ............................. [5,000] Eye protection system .......................................................................................................... ........................................ [2,000] 48 0603680S MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................ 49,667 52,167 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ..................................... [2,500] 49 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... ..................... 48,338 48,338 50 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .................................................................... ................. 11,778 12,778 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ..................................... [1,000] 52 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ......................................................................... ........................ 76,514 86,514 Readiness Increase ............................................................................................................. ......................................... [10,000] 53 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ................................................................ ......... 168,931 173,931 Tunable filter, support for microelectronics development ....................................................................... ........................ [5,000] 54 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ ........................................... 5,992 5,992 55 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................. ............................... 111,099 118,599 Support for the Electronics Resurgence Initiative .............................................................................. ........................... [7,500] 56 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........................................................................ .................. 185,984 185,984 57 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. ............................ 438,569 428,569 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–10,000] 58 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ................................................. 190,128 191,628 Sensors and processing systems technology ...................................................................................... ............................. [1,500] 59 0603769D8Z DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. .......... 13,564 13,564 60 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ................................................................................... ....................................... 15,050 15,050 61 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS .................................................................................. ....................................... 69,626 59,626 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–10,000] 62 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. .................................... 19,415 19,415 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4205 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
63 0603924D8Z HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................... .................. 69,533 69,533 64 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ............................... 96,389 111,389 Hypersonics and directed energy test ........................................................................................... ................................ [10,000] Workforce development .......................................................................................................... ..................................... [5,000] 65 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ........................................................................ ........................ 40,582 50,582 Readiness Increase ............................................................................................................. ......................................... [10,000] 66 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ........................................................ 26,644 26,644 67 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... ........................... 79,380 79,380 300 8888 NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION ACTIVITIES ............................................................................... .......................... 0 150,000 Establish office for capital investment ........................................................................................ .................................. [150,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... 3,699,612 4,038,712 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 68 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P ................................................. 28,140 28,140 69 0603600D8Z WALKOFF .......................................................................................................... ............................................................. 92,222 92,222 70 0603821D8Z ACQUISITION ENTERPRISE DATA & INFORMATION SERVICES ............................................................... .................... 2,506 2,506 71 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ........................................................... ........... 40,016 50,016 Readiness Increase ............................................................................................................. ......................................... [10,000] 72 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................................. ................. 214,173 398,273 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ................................. [184,100] 73 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................................ ................ 926,359 718,359 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ..................................... [–208,000] 74 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ................................................................... ............... 129,886 129,886 75 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS .................................................................................. ..................................... 220,876 244,876 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ................................. [24,000] 76 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ............................................ 540,926 540,926 77 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA ............................................................................................... ............................................ 422,348 422,348 78 0603892C AEGIS BMD .......................................................................................................... ........................................................... 767,539 767,539 81 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND COMMUNICATI ............... 475,168 425,168 Inconsistent capability delivery ............................................................................................... .................................... [–50,000] 82 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ................................................................. .................. 48,767 48,767 83 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ............................................................ ............. 54,925 54,925 84 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH ................................................................................................... .................................................. 16,916 16,916 85 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ....................................................................................... ......................................... 149,715 116,715 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ..................................... [–33,000] 86 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ....................................................................................... ...................................... 300,000 300,000 87 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST ..................................................................................... ........................................ 365,681 437,581 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ................................. [71,900] 88 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS .................................................................................. .................................... 517,852 486,352 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ................................. [4,500] Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ..................................... [–36,000] 89 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ............................................................................................ .............................................. 11,347 11,347 90 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ................................................................................................ ................................................... 8,528 8,528 91 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM .......................................................................... ......................... 3,477 8,477 Corrosion prevention ........................................................................................................... ........................................ [5,000] 92 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES .................................................................................. ................................. 148,822 228,822 Laser scaling for boost phase intercept ........................................................................................ ................................. [80,000] 93 0604132D8Z MISSILE DEFEAT PROJECT ........................................................................................... ................................................ 58,607 58,607 94 0604134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING ......................... 12,993 12,993 95 0604181C HYPERSONIC DEFENSE ................................................................................................. ................................................. 120,444 130,944 Accelerate hypersonic missile defense .......................................................................................... ................................. [10,500] 96 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................. ................................... 1,431,702 1,481,702 Quartermaster Pathfinder ....................................................................................................... .................................... [50,000] 
97 0604294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS ............................................................................... ................................. 233,142 238,642 New trust approach development ................................................................................................. ................................ [5,500] 98 0604331D8Z RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ .......................................... 99,333 99,333 99 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED SYSTEM COMMON DEVELOPMENT ................................................. 3, 781 3,781 100 0604673C PACIFIC DISCRIMINATING RADAR ...................................................................................... ......................................... 95,765 95,765 101 0604682D8Z WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) .............................................................. .................... 3,768 3,768 103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESSMENTS ............................ 22,435 22 ,435 104 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ............................................................................ .............................. 164,562 164,562 105 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ............................................................................ .......................... 561,220 421,820 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ..................................... [–139,400] 106 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ........................................................... .............. 61,017 61,017 107 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... ........................................................ 95,756 95,756 108 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ............................................................................. .................................. 81,001 81,001 109 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ................................................ 27,692 27,692 111 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST .................................................................. ..................... 81,934 72,634 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ..................................... [–9,300] 112 0604894C MULTI-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ......................................................................................... ............................................ 8,256 8,256 113 0300206R ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ........................ 2,600 2,600 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM .................................................................. ...................... 3,104 3,104 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... .............................................. 985 985 116 1206893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ................................ 36,955 36,955 117 1206895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ................................................................... ..................... 16,484 89,484 MDA UPL: Initiate missile defense tracking system .............................................................................. ........................ [73,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ................................................................. 8,709,725 8,752,525 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 118 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD .................................................. .... 8,333 8,333 119 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... ....................... 263,414 263,414 120 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ...................................................................... .................... 388,701 388,701 121 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) .......................................................... .................... 19,503 19,503 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4206 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
122 0605000BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... ........ 6,163 6,163 123 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... ............................. 11,988 0 Lengthy delivery timelines ..................................................................................................... ...................................... [–11,988] 124 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ........................................................................... .............................. 296 296 125 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ...................................... 1,489 1,489 126 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. ....................................... 9,590 9,590 127 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .............................................................. .......... 3,173 3,173 128 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... .......................................... 2,105 3,105 Data and advanced analytics .................................................................................................... .................................. [1,000] 129 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INITIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM ................................................................. ..................... 21,156 21,156 130 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ................................................................... ..................... 10,731 10,731 132 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ................................................................ .................... 6,374 0 Duplication concern ............................................................................................................ ........................................ [–6,374] 133 0605294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS .............................................................................. .................................. 56,178 58,678 New trust approach development ................................................................................................. ................................ [2,500] 134 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ..................................... 2,512 2,512 135 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ............................................................. ............... 2,435 2,435 136 0305310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .............................................................. .............. 17,048 17,048 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ..................................................................................... 831,189 816,327 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................... 45,604 45,604 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 137 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ....................................................................... .............................. 6,661 6,661 138 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... ............................. 4,088 4,088 139 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ...................................................... .......... 258,796 268,796 Advanced hypersonic wind tunnel experimentation ................................................................................ ...................... [10,000] 140 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... .......................................... 31,356 31,356 141 0605001E MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ...................................................... 65,646 65,646 142 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ............................................................... ........................ 84,184 89,184 Cyber range capacity and development ........................................................................................... ............................. [5,000] 143 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ......................................................................... ................................ 22,576 17,576 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–5,000] 144 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) .................................................... ......... 52,565 52,565 146 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ................................................... 38,872 38,872 147 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ ..................................... 3,534 3,534 148 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... .................................... 5,050 5,050 149 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................................................................. ................... 11,450 11,450 150 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ........................................................................... .................................. 1,693 1,693 151 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .......................................................................... ........................... 102,883 102,883 159 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ............................ 2,545 2 ,545 160 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... .......................................... 24,487 24,487 161 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ...................................................................... .......................... 56,853 56,853 162 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ......................................................... ............. 24,914 24,914 163 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. .................................... 20,179 25,179 Improve software testing capabilities .......................................................................................... .................................. [5,000] 164 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .............................................. 13,643 13,643 165 0605998KA MANAGEMENT HQ—DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ........................................................ ....... 4,124 4,124 166 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. ..................................... 5,768 5,768 167 0606225D8Z ODNA TECHNOLOGY AND RESOURCE ANALYSIS ........................................................................... .............................. 1,030 1,030 168 0606589D8W DEFENSE DIGITAL SERVICE (DDS) DEVELOPMENT SUPPORT ............................................................... ..................... 1,000 1,000 169 0606942C ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. .................. 3,400 3,400 170 0606942S ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES .................................................................
.................. 4,000 4,000 171 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ................................................................... ............................. 3,008 3,008 172 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... ....................................... 6,658 6,658 175 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ............................................................... ................... 652 652 176 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ............................................................... ................... 1,005 1,005 177 0305172K COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... .................................... 21,363 21,363 180 0305245D8Z INTELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES AND INNOVATION INVESTMENTS ............................................................ .................. 109,529 109,529 181 0306310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .......................................................................... ........................... 1,244 1,244 184 0804768J COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—NON-MHA ...................................... 42,940 42,940 185 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. .............................................. 28,626 28,626 187 0903235K JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER (JSP) ...................................................................................... ............................................. 5,104 5,104 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................ 1,117,030 1,132,030 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................... 3,877,898 3,887,898 Classified increase ............................................................................................................ ........................................... [10,000] OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 189 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. ....................................... 9,750 9,750 190 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMATION MANA .................. 1,855 1,855 191 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) .............................................. 3 04 304 192 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ................................................................ ..................... 10,376 10,376 193 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... .................... 5,915 5,915 194 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G-TSCMIS) ....................... 5,869 5,869 195 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ................................................ 48,741 48,741 196 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ........................................................................... ................................ 3,037 3,037 197 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. .................................................. 62,814 62,814 203 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ........................................................... ........... 16,561 16,561 204 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ...................................................................................... .................................... 14,769 14,769 205 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................................................ ... 17,579 17,579 207 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) ............................................................................... .............................. 31,737 31,737 208 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ............................................................................ ............................... 7,940 7,940 209 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................. 229,252 229,252 210 0303140K INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................. 19,611 19,611 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4207 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
211 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................. .............................. 46,900 46,900 212 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... ..................................... 7,570 7,570 213 0303228K JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (JIE) ............................................................................... ................................... 7,947 7,947 215 0303430K FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................. ............ 39,400 39,400 224 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. .................................................. 6,262 3,262 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... .................................... [–3,000] 225 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. .......................................................... 16,780 16,780 227 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................ ........................ 6,286 6,286 230 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ....................... 2,970 2,970 233 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ....................................................... 5,954 10,954 Personnel security and continuous evaluation ................................................................................... ........................... [5,000] 234 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM .................................................................... ................... 2,198 2,198 240 0307577D8Z INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................. .......................................... 6,889 6,889 242 0708012K LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... ........................................... 1,317 1,317 243 0708012S PACIFIC DISASTER CENTERS .......................................................................................... .............................................. 1,770 1,770 244 0708047S DEFENSE PROPERTY ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM ............................................................................ ........................... 1,805 1,805 246 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 18,403 18,403 248 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ...................................................... 184,993 184,993 249 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. ................................... 10,625 10,625 250 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... .......................................... 102,307 102,307 251 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ..................................................... 46,942 46,942 252 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ..................................................... 2,479 2,479 253 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ......................................................... 27,270 27,270 254 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ .................................................. 1,121 1,121 255 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ..................................................... 42,471 42,471 256 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. .................................. 4,780 4,780 257 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ............................................................................ ............................. 12,176 12,176 258 1203610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. .................................................. 2,323 2,323 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................... 4,973,946 4,985,946 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW .............................................................................................. 22,016,553 22,415,591 OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 1 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... .................................... 85,685 85,685 2 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ..................................................................................... ......................................... 64,332 64,332 3 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES .......................................................................... ............................. 70,992 81,892 Increase for test and evaluation technologies .................................................................................. ............................. [10,900] SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................ 221,009 231,909 TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE .......................................................................................................... 221,009 231,909 TOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... .................................91,056,950 92,216,538 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 56 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ........................................................................ ........................ 1,000 1,000 58 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV .................................................................. ............... 1,500 1,500 61 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY .................................................................................. ................................. 3,000 3,000 76 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) ........................................................................ ................... 23,000 23,000 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................................................... 28,500 28,500 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 88 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ..................................................... 12,000 12,000 100 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ............................................................. .......... 119,300 119,300 125 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ....................................................... 66,760 66,760 128 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ........................................................................... ....................... 2,670 2,670 136 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ .............................. 34,933 34,933 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ....................................................... 1,200 1,200 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ........................................................................................ 236,863 236,863 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 184 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ................................................................ ......... 2,548 2,548 185 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... .................................................... 7,780 7,780 206 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................... ................ 2,000 2,000 209 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV .................................................................... ................ 8,000 8,000 216 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. ................................. 23,199 23,199 226 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... .................................. 14,000 14,000 231 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... ................................... 2,214 2,214 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................ 59,741 59,741 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ......................................................................................... 325,104 325,104 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4208 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
41 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... .................................................... 18,000 18,000 61 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ................... 13,900 13,900 74 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ......................................... 1,400 1,400 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................................................... 33,300 33,300 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 149 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. ................................. 1,100 1,100 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ........................................................................................ 1,100 1,100 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................. 117,282 117,282 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 236 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................... ............................. 16,130 16,130 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................ 133,412 133,412 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ......................................................................................... 167,812 167,812 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 65 1206438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ....................................... 1,100 1,100 70 1206857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ..................................................................................... .................................. 12,395 12,395 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................................................... 13,495 13,495 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................. 188,127 188,127 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 186 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................ 4,500 4,500 187 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................ ........................... 4,000 4,000 188 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ...................................................... 1,000 1,000 217 0207610F BATTLEFIELD ABN COMM NODE (BACN) .................................................................................. .................................. 42,349 42,349 228 0208288F INTEL DATA APPLICATIONS ........................................................................................... ............................................. 1,200 1,200 254 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................................................... 3,000 3,000 268 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ .......................................................... 22,100 22,100 272 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ..................... 29,500 29,500 310 1202247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... .......................................................... 5,000 5,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................ 300,776 300,776 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF .............................................................................................. 314,271 314,271 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 24 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ........................................................................... ......................... 25,000 25,000 26 0603134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT SIMULATION .............................................................................. ............................ 13,648 13,648 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. 38,648 38,648 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 94 0604134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING ........................ 242,668 242,668  SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ............................................................... 242,668 242,668 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................. 192,131 192,131 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 250 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ........................................ 3,632 3,632 251 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. .................................................... 11,040 11,040 253 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ....................................................... 11,700 11,700 254 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ................................................ 725 725 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. 219,228 219,228 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ............................................................................................. 500,544 500,544 TOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ...............................1,307,731 1,307,731 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. .......................... 2,076,360 2,076,360 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............... 107,946 107,946 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................. 732,485 732,485 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 1,169,508 1,169,508 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .......... 1,180,460 1,180,460 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................ 1,467,500 1,467,500 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 4,285,211 4,285,211 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............ 482,201 482,201 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. .......... 1,536,851 1,536,851 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 8,274,299 8,274,299 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .............................................................. 3,516,859 3,516,859 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................... 438,7 33 438,733 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4209 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... ....................... 231,518 231,518 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ ................... 150,268 150,268 200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ ................... 195,964 210,264 SOUTHCOM ABN GFE Sensor (GEOINT/SIGINT) ...................................................................................... [4 ,200 ] SOUTHCOM Cyber HUMINT (CME/OPS) ................................................................................................ .. [1,000 ] SOUTHCOM OSINT/PAI (CME/LIC/TOOLS) ............................................................................................. [1,600 ] SOUTHCOM Overland Airborne ISR Flight Hours .................................................................................... .. [7,200 ] SOUTHCOM SIGINT Suite COMSAT RF ................................................................................................ ... [300 ] 210 US FORCES KOREA ............................................................................................................ ........................... 59,625 59,625 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 25,905,788 25,920,088 MOBILIZATION 220 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... ........................ 370,941 370,941 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ............... 573,560 573,560 240 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... .................. 7,678 7,678 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION.......................................................................................................................... 952,179 952,179 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 250 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................ 135,832 135,832 260 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... .......................... 54,819 54,819 270 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. .................. 69,599 69,599 280 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... ..... 518,998 518,998 290 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .................. 1,020,073 1,020,073 300 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ............................ 1,082,190 1,082,190 310 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ... 220,399 220,399 320 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .......................... 611,482 611,482 330 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................ 698,962 498,962 Marketing Cuts ................................................................................................................. ........................ [–200,000 ] 340 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ................................ 162,049 162,049 350 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ...... 215,622 215,622 360 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............ 176,914 176,914 370 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... ..... 174,430 174,430 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 5,141,369 4,941,369 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 1,259,622 1,259,622 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............. 588,047 588,047 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. .................. 931,462 931,462 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ................. 696,114 696,114 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 461,637 461,637 430 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 447,564 447,564 440 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 2,069,127 2,069,127 450 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ................. 261,021 261,021 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................ 379,541 379,541 470 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................... 1,699,767 1,699,767 480 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... ..................... 192,686 192,686 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ................. 240,917 240,917 500 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS .................................................................................. 2 91,569 291,569 510 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ ... 442,656 442,656 520 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. ............. 48,251 48,251 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES
............................................................................................... 10,009,981 10,009,981 UNDISTRIBUTED 1 UNDISTRIBUTED ................................................................................................................ .......................... 0 –200,000 Army misrepresentation of civilian pay budget request .......................................................................... ...... [–200,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED...................................................................................................................... 0 –200,000 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ............................................................................................ 42,009,317 41,623,617 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............... 13,867 13,867 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................. 536,438 536,438 030 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 113,225 113,225 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .......... 551,141 551,141 050 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................ 89,073 89,073 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 409,531 409,531 070 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............ 101,411 101,411 080 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. .......... 60,114 60,114 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 595,728 595,728 100 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .............................................................. 304,658 30 4,658 110 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................... 22,17 5 22,175 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 2,797,361 2,797,361 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 120 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............. 11,832 11,832 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 18,218 18,218 140 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 25,069 25,069 150 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ................. 6,248 6,248 160 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................ 58,181 58,181 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 119,548 119,548 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4210 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ..................................................................................... 2,916,909 2,916,909 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. .......................... 810,269 810,269 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............... 193,402 193,402 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................. 753,815 753,815 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 84,124 84,124 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .......... 31,881 31,881 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................ 973,874 973,874 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 784,086 784,086 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............ 51,353 51,353 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. .......... 221,633 221,633 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 1,129,942 1,129,942 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .............................................................. 919,947 91 9,947 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................... 1,010 ,524 1,010,524 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 6,964,850 6,964,850 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............. 10,017 10,017 140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 72,746 72,746 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 83,105 83,105 160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ................. 10,678 10,678 170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................ 254,753 254,753 180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ................. 3,146 3,146 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 434,445 434,445 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ............................................................................................ 7,399,295 7,399,295 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ...... 5,372,399 5,372,399 020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ......................... 2,023,351 2,023,351 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ......................................................................... 56,2 25 56,225 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........ 156,081 156,081 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ....................... 682,379 682,379 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............. 1,253,756 1,253,756 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....... 66,649 66,649 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ......................... 939,368 939,368 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ......... 4,439,566 4,439,566 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ........ 997,663 997,663 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ................... 8,751,526 8,751,526 120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ............ 2,168,876 2,168,876 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ...................................................................... 1,349,593  1,351,293 SOUTHCOM CCO Sensor Integration ................................................................................................ ........ [1,700 ] 150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. ........... 215,255 215,255 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 632,446 632,446 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ............................................................................. 373,04 6 373,046 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................. 1,452,075 1,452,075 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ........................................................... 153,719 153,71 9 210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ...................................................................................... 6 3,039 63,039 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ......................................................................... 89,339 89,339 230 MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT OPERATIONS .................................................................................... 8,475 8,475 240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 424,088 424,088 260 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE ....................................................................................................
..................... 1,361,947 1,361,947 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ .................... 823,952 823,952 290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ........... 494,101 494,101 300 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... .................. 921,936 876,936 General reduction .............................................................................................................. ....................... [–45,000 ] 310 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................. 2,04 0,389 2,446,389 FSRM to 100% max executable .................................................................................................... ............... [406,000 ] 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................... 4,414,753 4,414,753 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 41,725,992 42,088,692 MOBILIZATION 330 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. .............. 549,142 549,142 340 READY RESERVE FORCE ........................................................................................................ ..................... 310,805 310,805 360 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. .............. 161,150 161,150 370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ... 120,338 120,338 390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ..................... 24,097 24,097 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION.......................................................................................................................... 1,165,532 1,165,532 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 400 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................ 145,481 145,481 410 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... .......................... 9,637 9,637 420 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ ........... 149,687 149,687 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .................. 879,557 879,557 450 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ... 184,436 184,436 460 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .......................... 223,159 223,159 470 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................ 181,086 181,086 480 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ...... 96,006 96,006 490 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............ 72,083 72,083 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4211 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
500 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................... 54,156 54,156 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 1,995,288 1,995,288 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 574,994 574,994 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 1,089,964 1,089,964 530 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ........................................................................... 164,07 4 164,074 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ......................................................................... 418,350 418,350 580 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............. 167,106 167,106 600 PLANNING, ENGINEERING, AND PROGRAM SUPPORT ............................................................................... 33 3,556 333,556 610 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... ........ 663,690 663,690 650 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................ ........ 705,087 705,087 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 4,116,821 4,116,821 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ............................................................................................. 49,003,633 49,366,333 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 873,320 873,320 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................. 1,094,187 1,094,187 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ....................... 314,182 314,182 040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... .................. 98,136 98,136 050 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 183,546 183,546 060 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................................. 8 32,636 832,636 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................... 2,151,390 2,151,390 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 5,547,397 5,547,397 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 080 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... .......................... 16,453 16,453 090 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................ 1,144 1,144 100 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .................. 106,360 106,360 110 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ... 46,096 46,096 120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .......................... 389,751 389,751 130 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................ 201,662 201,662 140 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ...... 32,461 32,461 150 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................... 24,217 24,217 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 818,144 818,144 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 50,859 50,859 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............. 29,735 29,735 170 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 386,375 386,375 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 466,969 466,969 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................ 6,832,510 6,832,510 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ...... 569,584 569,584 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ............... 6,902 6,902 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............. 109,776 109,776 040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....... 538 538 050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ......................... 18,888 18,888 060 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ........ 574 574 070 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ................. 17,561 17,561 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................. 121,070 121,070 090 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 337 337 100 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION .....................................................................................................
.................. 23,964 23,964 110 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................. 36,3 56 36,356 120 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................... 103,562 103,562 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 1,009,112 1,009,112 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 1,868 1,868 140 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ......................................................................... 12,849 1 2,849 160 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ... 3,177 3,177 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 17,894 17,894 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ..................................................................................... 1,027,006 1,027,006 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ......................... 99,173 99,173 020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ....................... 19,430 19,430 030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................. 39,9 62 39,962 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................... 101,829 101,829 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 260,394 260,394 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 050 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 11,176 11,176 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 11,176 11,176 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4212 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ................................................................................ 271,570 271,570 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 1,164,810 1,164,810 OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................. 758,178 783,178 Increase for F–35 sustainment to accelerate depot component repair capability ............................................. [25,0 00 ] 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ............ 1,509,027 1,509,027 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. . 1,323,330 1,323,330 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... . 3,511,830 3,511,830 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .............................................................. 2,892,705 2,917,705 Additional demo ................................................................................................................ ........................ [25,000 ] 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT .................................................................... 7,613,08 4 8,258,984 Increase for JSTARS buy-back ................................................................................................... ................ [95,900 ] WSS to 100% executable ......................................................................................................... ................... [550,000 ] 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ .................... 4,345,208 4,395,208 Increase for JSTARS buy-back ................................................................................................... ................ [50,000 ] 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .............................. 5,989,215 5,989,215 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ............. 928,023 928,023 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. .......... 1,080,956 1,080,956 110 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 879,032 879,032 130 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... .......................... 183,777 183,777 140 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... .................... 404,072 404,072 170 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... ...................... 187,375 187,375 180 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ .............................. 529,902 529,902 190 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ .............................. 329,474 329,474 200 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. ............................... 166,024 166,024 210 US SOCOM ................................................................................................................... .................................. 723 723 220 US TRANSCOM ................................................................................................................ .............................. 535 535 918 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ............................ 0 156,800 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ........... [156,800 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 33,797,280 34,699,980 MOBILIZATION 230 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 1,307,695 1,307,695 240 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ............... 144,417 144,417 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION.......................................................................................................................... 1,452,112 1,452,112 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 280 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................ 133,187 133,187 290 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... .......................... 25,041 25,041 300 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... ..... 117,338 117,338 330 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .................. 401,996 401,996 340 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ............................ 477,064 477,064 350 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ... 276,423 276,423 360 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .......................... 95,948 95,948 380 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................ 154,530 154,530 390 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ................................ 4,132 4,132 400 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ...... 223,150 223,150 410 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............ 209,497 209,497 420 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................... 59,908 59,908 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 2,178,214 2,178,214 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 1,222,456 1,222,456 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 430 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 681,788 681,788 440 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............. 117,812 117,812 480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 953,102 953,102 490 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 358,389 358,389 500 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............. 1,194,862 1,194,862 510 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... ............................ 29,594 29,594 540 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................... 74,959 74,959 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 4,632,962 4,632,962 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE .................................................................................... 42,060,568 42,963,268 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................. 1,853,437 1,853,437 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 205,369 205,369 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... . 345,576 345,576 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .............................................................. 120,736 12 3,536 Additional demo ................................................................................................................ ........................ [2,800 ] 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT .................................................................... 241,239 293,239 WSS to 91% ..................................................................................................................... ......................... [52,000 ] 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .............................. 385,922 385,922 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 3,152,279 3,207,079 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 71,188 71,188 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................ 19,429 19,429 090 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................... . 9,386 9,386 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4213 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
100 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... ....... 7,512 7,512 110 AUDIOVISUAL ................................................................................................................ .............................. 440 440 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................ 107,955 107,955 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ................................................................................. 3,260,234 3,315,034 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ...................... 2,619,940 2,621,540 Restoring O&M associated with buyback of 3 PMAI JSTARS aircraft .......................................................... [1,600  ] 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 623,265 623,265 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... . 748,287 748,287 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .............................................................. 303,792 30 3,792 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT .................................................................... 1,061,75 9 1,061,759 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .............................. 988,333 999,333 PFAS Transfer .................................................................................................................. ........................ [11,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 6,345,376 6,357,976 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 45,711 45,711 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................ 36,535 36,535 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................... 82,246 82,246 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ............................................................................................... 6,427,622 6,440,222 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ....................... 430,215 432,715 Operational logistics exercise elements ........................................................................................ ................ [2,500 ] 020 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF—CE2T2 ................................................................................................ ................. 602,186 602,186 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................... 5,389 ,250 5,389,250 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 6,421,651 6,424,151 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 050 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. ............ 181,601 181,601 060 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ....................... 96,565 96,565 070 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING .............................................................. 370,583 370 ,583 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 648,749 648,749 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 15,645,192 15,645,192 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 080 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ................... 166,131 166,131 100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ........... 625,633 625,633 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... .. 1,465,354 1,465,354 120 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ........ 859,923 859,923 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ..... 2,106,930 2,106,930 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............ 27,403 27,403 160 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... .................. 379,275 379,275 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... .................... 207,537 207,537 180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ ... 130,696 130,696 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ .... 754,711 754,711 200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... .................. 789,175 852,775 Additional civilian FTE ........................................................................................................ ..................... [18,600 ] New mission needs .............................................................................................................. ....................... [45,000 ] 220 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................. 34,9 51 34,951 
230 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ........ 553,329 553,329 250 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY .................................................................................. 2 ,892,284 2,942,284 Impact aid for children with severe disabilities ............................................................................... ............ [10,000 ] Impact aid for schools with military dependent students ........................................................................ ..... [40,000 ] 260 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... .................... 499,817 499,817 280 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. ........... 70,035 70,035 290 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ........ 1,519,655 1,565,655 CDC Health Study (sec. 312) .................................................................................................... .................. [10,000 ] Clearinghouse .................................................................................................................. ......................... [1,000 ] Defense Environmental International Cooperations (DEIC) ........................................................................ . [1,000 ] Defense Fellows Program ........................................................................................................ ................... [10,000 ] DOD emerging contaminants ...................................................................................................... ............... [1,000 ] DOD environmental resilience ................................................................................................... ................. [1,000 ] DOD Rewards Program Cut ........................................................................................................ ............... [–3,000 ] Readiness and Environmental Protection Initiative Increase ..................................................................... .. [25,000 ] 300 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ........................................................ 97,787 97,787  310 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ...... 456,407 456,407 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 29,282,225 29,441,825 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................ 36,352,625 36,514,725 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF 010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE .................................................................. 14,662 1 4,662 SUBTOTAL US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF ............................................................... 14,662 14,662 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4214 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
010 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID ............................................................................ 10 7,663 107,663 SUBTOTAL OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID ........................................................ 107,663 107,663 COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT 010 FORMER SOVIET UNION (FSU) THREAT REDUCTION ................................................................................ 3 35,240 335,240 SUBTOTAL COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT ..................................................................... 335,240 335,240 DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND 010 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ....................................................................................................... ................... 400,000 400,000 SUBTOTAL DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND ........................................................ 400,000 400,000 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ....... 203,449 203,449 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ................................................................................ 203,449 203,449 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY 080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................ ........ 329,253 329,253 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ................................................................................. 329,253 329,253 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE 100 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... .... 296,808 285,808 PFAS Transfer .................................................................................................................. ........................ [–11,000 ] SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................... 296,808 285,808 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 120 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ..... 8,926 8,926 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE .......................................................................... 8,926 8,926 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES 140 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ....................................................................... 212,346  212,346 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ................................................... 212,346 212,346 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................. 1,908,347 1,897,347 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED 999 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ............................ 0 –216,520 Foreign Currency Fluctuation ................................................................................................... ................ [–267,000 ] JROTC .......................................................................................................................... ........................... [5,480 ] Operation and Maintenance, Air Force DSMOA ..................................................................................... .... [10,000 ] Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard DSMOA .......................................................................... [1 5,000 ] Operation and Maintenance, Army DSMOA .......................................................................................... ..... [10,000 ] Operation and Maintenance, Navy DSMOA .......................................................................................... ..... [10,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED...................................................................................................................... 0 –216,520 TOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................. 0 –216,520 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ 199,469,636 200,351,316 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. .......................... 1,179,339 1,179,339 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................. 25,983 25,983 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 2,189,916 2,189,916 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .......... 188,609 188,609 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................ 120,787 120,787 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 3,867,286 3,867,286 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............ 550,068 550,068 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. .......... 195,873 195,873 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 109,560 109,560 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .............................................................. 60,807 60, 807 140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 5,992,222 5,992,222 150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ................................................................................... 10, 000 10,000 160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,036,454 1,036,454 180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... ....................... 248,796 248,796 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ ................... 98,127 98,127 200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ ................... 2,550 2,550 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 15,876,377 15,876,377 MOBILIZATION 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ............... 158,753 158,753 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION.......................................................................................................................... 158,753 158,753 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 1,074,270 1,074,270 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4215 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............. 712,230 712,230 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. .................. 44,168 44,168 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ................. 5,300 5,300 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 38,597 38,597 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................ 109,019 109,019 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ................. 191,786 191,786 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 2,175,370 2,175,370 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ............................................................................................ 18,210,500 18,210,500 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................. 20,700 20,700 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 700 700 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 20,487 20,487 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 41,887 41,887 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ..................................................................................... 41,887 41,887 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. .......................... 42,519 42,519 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............... 778 778 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................. 12,093 12,093 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 708 708 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................ 28,135 28,135 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 5,908 5,908 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 18,877 18,877 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................... 956 9 56 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 109,974 109,974 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 755 755 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 755 755 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ............................................................................................ 110,729 110,729 AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY 090 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .............................. 1,522,777 1,522,777 100 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .......................... 137,732 137,732 110 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......... 71,922 71,922 120 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 175,846 175,846 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY ........................................................................................................ 1,908,277 1,908,277 AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE 130 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .............................. 527,554 527,554 140 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .......................... 42,984 42,984 150 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......... 14,554 14,554 160 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 181,922 181,922 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE .................................................................................................... 767,014 767,014 AFGHAN AIR FORCE 170 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .............................. 942,279 942,279 180 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .......................... 30,350 30,350 190 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......... 572,310 572,310 200 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 277,191 277,191 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN AIR FORCE ................................................................................................................. 1,822,130 1,822,130 AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES 
210 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .............................. 353,734 353,734 220 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .......................... 43,132 43,132 230 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......... 151,790 151,790 240 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 153,373 153,373 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES ..................................................................................... 702,029 702,029 TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ...................................................................................... 5,199,450 5,199,450 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ...... 435,507 435,507 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ......................................................................... 800 800 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........ 9,394 9,394 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ....................... 193,384 193,384 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............. 173,053 173,053 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....... 3,524 3,524 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ......................... 60,219 60,219 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ......... 942,960 942,960 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ........ 20,236 20,236 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ................... 1,022,647 1,022,647 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ...................................................................... 59,553 59 ,553 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4216 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 16,651 16,651 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ............................................................................. 31,118  31,118 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................. 635,560 635,560 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ........................................................... 4,334 4,334 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ......................................................................... 24,800 24,800 240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 355 355 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ .................... 493,033 493,033 290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ........... 12,780 12,780 310 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................. 67,3 21 67,321 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................... 211,394 211,394 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 4,418,623 4,418,623 MOBILIZATION 370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ... 12,902 12,902 390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ..................... 165,000 165,000 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION.......................................................................................................................... 177,902 177,902 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .................. 51,138 51,138 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 51,138 51,138 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 16,076 16,076 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 4,145 4,145 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ......................................................................... 7,503 7, 503 580 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............. 69,297 69,297 610 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... ........ 10,912 10,912 650 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................ ........ 1,559 1,559 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 109,492 109,492 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ............................................................................................. 4,757,155 4,757,155 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 734,505 734,505 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................. 212,691 212,691 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ....................... 53,040 53,040 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................... 23,047 23,047 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 1,023,283 1,023,283 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .......................... 30,459 30,459 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 30,459 30,459 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 4,650 4,650 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............. 61,400 61,400 170 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 2,108 2,108 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 68,158 68,158 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................ 1,121,900 1,121,900 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ............... 500 500 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............. 11,400 11,400 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................. 13,737 13,737 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 25,637 25,637 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ..................................................................................... 25,637 25,637 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ......................... 2,550 2,550 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................... 795 795 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 3,345 3,345 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ................................................................................ 3,345 3,345 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................. 166,274 166,274 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ............ 1,492,580 1,492,580 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. . 110,237 110,237 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... . 209,996 209,996 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .............................................................. 92,412 92, 412 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT .................................................................... 1,289,69 3 1,289,693 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ .................... 2,355,264 2,355,264 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .............................. 1,141,718 1,141,718 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ............. 13,537 13,537 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. .......... 224,713 224,713 110 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 17,353 17,353 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4217 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
120 TACTICAL INTEL AND OTHER SPECIAL ACTIVITIES ................................................................................ . 36,098 36,098 130 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... .......................... 385 385 140 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... .................... 38,966 38,966 170 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... ...................... 725 725 180 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ .............................. 2,056 2,056 190 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ .............................. 35,189 35,189 200 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. ............................... 162,691 162,691 210 US SOCOM ................................................................................................................... .................................. 19,000 19,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 7,408,887 7,408,887 MOBILIZATION 230 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 1,287,659 1,287,659 240 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ............... 107,064 107,064 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION.......................................................................................................................... 1,394,723 1,394,723 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 280 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................ 300 300 290 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... .......................... 340 340 330 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .................. 25,327 25,327 340 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ............................ 844 844 350 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ... 1,199 1,199 360 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .......................... 1,320 1,320 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................... 29,330 29,330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 51,108 51,108 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 430 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 154,485 154,485 440 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............. 13,608 13,608 480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................... 4,814 4,814 490 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 131,123 131,123 500 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............. 97,471 97,471 540 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................... 240 240 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................... 452,849 452,849 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE .................................................................................... 9,285,789 9,285,789 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... . 51,000 51,000 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .............................. 9,500 9,500 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 60,500 60,500 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ................................................................................. 60,500 60,500 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 3,560 3,560 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .............................. 12,310 12,310 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 15,870 15,870 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ............................................................................................... 15,870 15,870 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ....................... 28,671 28,671 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................... 3,733 ,161 3,733,161 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................ 3,761,832 3,761,832 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .................. 1,944,813 1,944,813 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY ..............................................................................................
........... 1,781 1,781 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... .. 21,723 21,723 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ..... 111,702 111,702 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............ 127,023 127,023 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... .................... 14,377 14,377 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ .... 2,208,442 1,658,442 Coalition Support Funds ........................................................................................................ ................... [–550,000 ] 230 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ........ 302,250 302,250 250 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY .................................................................................. 3 1,620 31,620 290 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ........ 16,579 16,579 310 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ...... 7,766 7,766 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 4,788,076 4,238,076 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................ 8,549,908 7,999,908 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ 47,382,670 46,832,670 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4218 June 19, 2018 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. .............. 140,689,301 137,627,221 End strength cut ............................................................................................................... ............................ [–993,200 ] Foreign Currency Fluctuation ................................................................................................... .................... [–133,000 ] JROTC .......................................................................................................................... ............................... 1,220 Military Personnel Underexecution .............................................................................................. .................. [–1,937,100 ] SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ........................................................................................ 140,689,301 137,627,221 MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ....................................................................... 7,533 ,090 7,533,090 SUBTOTAL MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS .................................................... 7,533,090 7,533,090 TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL.............................................................................................................................. 148,222,391 145,160,311 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. .............. 4,660,661 4,660,661 SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ........................................................................................ 4,660,661 4,660,661 TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL.............................................................................................................................. 4,660,661 4,660,661 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 010 Industrial Operations ...................................................................................................... ..................................... 59,002 59,002 020 Supply Management—Army ..................................................................................................... ............................. 99,763 99,763 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY .................................................................................................. 59,002 59,002 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY .................................................................................................. 99,763 99,763 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 020 Supplies and Materials ..................................................................................................... .................................... 69,054 69,054 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ......................................................................................... 69,054 69,054 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 020 Supply Chain Management—Def ................................................................................................ .......................... 48,096 48,096 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE .................................................................................. 48,096 48,096 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 010 Working Capital Fund, DECA ................................................................................................. ............................. 1,266,200 1,266,200 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA .................................................................................................. 1,266,200 1,266,200 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND .................................................................................................................... 1,542,115 1,542,115 CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 1 Chem Demilitarization—O&M .................................................................................................... ........................... 105,997 105,997 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................. 105,997 105,997 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 2 Chem Demilitarization—RDT&E .................................................................................................. ......................... 886,728 886,728 SUBTOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION ............................................................... 886,728 886,728 PROCUREMENT 3 Chem Demilitarization—Proc ................................................................................................... ............................. 1,091 1,091 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT.............................................................................................................................. 1,091 1,091 TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION .................................................................................... 993,816 993,816 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 010 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ................... 547,171 547,171 SUBTOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES ........................................................... 547,171 547,171 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4219 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 020 Drug Demand Reduction Program .............................................................................................. ........................... 117,900 117,900 SUBTOTAL DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM ....................................................................................... 117,900 117,900 READINESS COUNTERDRUG ACTIVITIES 040 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ................... 5,276 5,276 SUBTOTAL READINESS COUNTERDRUG ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................... 5,276 5,276 NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM 030 National Guard Counter-Drug Program ........................................................................................ ......................... 117,178 117,178 SUBTOTAL NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM ........................................................................... 117,178 117,178 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ....................................................................... 787,525 787,525 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 010 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ................................. 327,611 327,611 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................. 327,611 327,611 RDT&E 020 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ................................. 1,602 1,602 SUBTOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... .............1,602 1,602 PROCUREMENT 030 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ................................. 60 60 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT.............................................................................................................................. 60 60 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................... 329,273 329,273 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 010 In-House Care .............................................................................................................. ........................................ 9,738,569 9,738,569 020 Private Sector Care ........................................................................................................ ...................................... 15,103,735 15,103,735 030 Consolidated Health Support ................................................................................................ ................................ 2,107,961 2,107,961 040 Information Management ..................................................................................................... ................................ 2,039,878 2,039,878 050 Management Activities ...................................................................................................... ................................... 307,629 307,629 060 Education and Training ..................................................................................................... .................................. 756,778 759,278 Specialized medical pilot program .............................................................................................. ...................... [2,500] 070 Base Operations/Communications ............................................................................................. ............................. 2,090,845 2,090,845 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... 32,145,395 32,147,895 RDT&E 080 R&D Research ............................................................................................................... ...................................... 11,386 11,386 090 R&D Exploratry Development ................................................................................................. .............................. 75,010 75,010 100 R&D Advanced Development ................................................................................................... ............................. 275,258 275,258 110 R&D Demonstration/Validation ............................................................................................... ............................. 117,529 117,529 120 R&D Engineering Development ................................................................................................ ............................. 151,985 151,985 130 R&D Management and Support ................................................................................................. ........................... 63,755 63,755 140 R&D Capabilities Enhancement ............................................................................................... ............................. 15,714 15,714 SUBTOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... .............710,637 710,637 PROCUREMENT 150 PROC Initial Outfitting .................................................................................................... .................................... 33,056 33,056 160 PROC Replacement & Modernization ........................................................................................... ......................... 343,424 343,424 180 PROC DoD Healthcare Management System Modernization ........................................................................ ........... 496,680 496,680 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT.............................................................................................................................. 873,160 873,160 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. 33,729,192 33,731,692 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ................................................................................................................... 37,381,921 37,384,421 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 020 Supply Management—Army ..................................................................................................... ............................. 6,600 6,600 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY .................................................................................................. 6,600 6,600 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 020 Supplies and Materials ..................................................................................................... .................................... 8,590 8,590 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ......................................................................................... 8,590 8,590 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND .................................................................................................................... 15,190 15,190 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4220 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
010 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ................... 153,100 153,100 SUBTOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES ........................................................... 153,100 153,100 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ....................................................................... 153,100 153,100 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 010 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ................................. 24,692 24,692 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................. 24,692 24,692 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................... 24,692 24,692 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 010 In-House Care .............................................................................................................. ........................................ 72,627 72,627 020 Private Sector Care ........................................................................................................ ...................................... 277,066 277,066 030 Consolidated Health Support ................................................................................................ ................................ 2,375 2,375 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... 352,068 352,068 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. 352,068 352,068 COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) 010 IRAQ ....................................................................................................................... ............................................ 850,000 850,000 020 SYRIA ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... 300,000 300,000 030 Other ...................................................................................................................... ............................................. 250,000 250,000 SUBTOTAL COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) ......................................................................... 1,400,000 1,400,000 TOTAL COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ............................................................................................ 1,400,000 1,400,000 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ................................................................................................................... 1,945,050 1,945,050 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ARMY Alabama ARMY Anniston Army Depot Weapon Maintenance Shop ....................................................... 5,200 5,200 California ARMY Fort Irwin Multipurpose Range Complex ..................................................... 29,000 29,000 Colorado ARMY Fort Carson Vehicle Maintenance Shop ......................................................... 77,000 77,000 Georgia ARMY Fort Gordon Cyber Instructional Fac and Network Ctr ................................... 99,000 99,000 Germany ARMY East Camp Grafenwoehr Mission Training Complex ......................................................... 31,000 31,000 Hawaii ARMY Fort Shafter Command and Control Facility, Incr 4 ........................................ 105,000 105,000 ARMY Wheeler Army Airfield Rotary wing parking apron ....................................................... 0 50,000 Honduras ARMY Soto Cano AB Barracks ................................................................................... 21,000 21,000 Indiana ARMY Crane Army Ammunition Activity Railcar Holding Area ................................................................. 16,000  16,000 Kentucky ARMY Fort Campbell Microgrid and power plant ........................................................ 0 18,000 ARMY Fort Campbell Vehicle Maintenance Shop ......................................................... 32,000 32,000 ARMY Fort Knox Digital Air/Ground Integration Range ........................................ 26,000 26,000 Korea ARMY Camp Tango Command and Control Facility .................................................. 17,500 17,500 Kuwait ARMY Camp Arifjan Vehicle Maintenance Shop ......................................................... 44,000 44,000 New Jersey ARMY Picatinny Arsenal Munitions Disassembly Complex ................................................. 41,000 41,000 New Mexico ARMY White Sands Missile Range Information Systems Facility ..................................................... 40,000 40,000 New York ARMY West Point Military Reservation Engineering Center .................................................................... 95,0 00 95,000 ARMY West Point Military Reservation Parking Structure ..................................................................... 65,0 00 65,000 North Carolina ARMY Fort Bragg Dining Facility ......................................................................... 10,000 10,000 South Carolina ARMY Fort Jackson Trainee Barracks Complex 3, PH2 .............................................. 52,000 52,000 Texas ARMY Fort Bliss Supply Support Activity ............................................................ 24,000 24,000 ARMY Fort Hood Supply Support Activity ............................................................ 0 9,600 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4221 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Virginia ARMY Arlington National Cemetery Arlington National Cemetery Southern Expansion ...................... 0 30,000 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Host Nation Support .................................................................. 34,00 0 34,000 ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 71,068  71,068 ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 72,000 72,0 00 ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 5,000 5,000 SUBTOTAL ARMY............................................................................................................................... .................1,011,768 1,119,368 NAVY Arizona NAVY Camp Navajo Missile Motor Magazines and U&SI ........................................... 0 14,800 Bahamas NAVY Andros Island AUTEC Austere Quarters .......................................................... 31,050 31,050 Bahrain Island NAVY SW Asia Fleet Maintenance Facility & TOC ............................................ 26,340 26,340 California NAVY Camp Pendleton 62 Area Mess Hall & Consolidated Warehouse ............................. 0 71,700 NAVY Camp Pendleton Supply Warehouse SOI-West ...................................................... 0 16,600 NAVY Camp Pendleton Potable Water Distribution Improvements ................................... 47,230 47,230 NAVY Camp Pendleton AAV-ACV Maintenance & Warehouse Facility ........................... 49,410 49,410 NAVY Camp Pendleton Full Motion Trainer Facility ...................................................... 10,670 10,670 NAVY Camp Pendleton Electrical Upgrades ................................................................... 4,020 4,020 NAVY Coronado CMV–22B Airfield Improvements ................................................ 77,780 77,780 NAVY Lemoore F–35 Maintenance Hangar ......................................................... 112,690 112,690 NAVY Miramar F–35 Vertical Landing Pads and Taxiway .................................. 20,480 20,480 NAVY Miramar Airfield Security Improvements .................................................. 11,500 11,500 NAVY Point Mugu Directed Energy Systems Intergration Lab .................................. 22,150 22,150 NAVY San Diego Harbor Drive Switching Station ................................................. 48,440 48,440 NAVY San Diego Pier 8 Replacement .................................................................... 108,100 108,100 NAVY San Nicolas Island Missile Assembly Build & High Explosive Mag ............................ 31,010 31,010 NAVY Seal Beach Missile Magazines ..................................................................... 0 21,800 NAVY Seal Beach Causeway, Boat Channel & Turning Basin ................................ 117,830 117,830 District of Columbia NAVY Naval Observatory Master Time Clocks & Operations Facility .................................. 115,600 115,600 Florida NAVY Mayport LCS Support Facility ................................................................. 82,350 82,350 NAVY Mayport LCS Operational Training Facility Addition ............................... 29,110 29,110 NAVY NAS Whiting Field Air Traffic Control Tower (North Field) ..................................... 0 10,000 Georgia NAVY MCLB Albany Welding and Body Repair Shop Facility ..................................... 0 31,900 Germany NAVY Panzer Kaserne Marforeur HQ Modernization and Expansion ............................. 43,950 43,950 Guam NAVY Joint Region Marianas Ace Gym & Dining .................................................................... 27,910 27,910 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Earth Covered Magazines .......................................................... 52,270 52,270 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Ordnance Ops ........................................................................... 22,020 22,020  NAVY Joint Region Marianas Machine Gun Range .................................................................. 141,287 15,000 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Unaccompanied Enlisted Housing .............................................. 36,170 36,170 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba NAVY Guantanamo Bay Solid Waste Management Facility .............................................. 85,000 85,000 Hawaii NAVY Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Drydock Waterfront Facility ...................................................... 45,000 45, 000 NAVY Kaneohe Bay Corrosion Control Hangar .......................................................... 66,100 66,100 NAVY Pearl City Water Transmission Line ........................................................... 78,320 78,320 Japan NAVY Kadena AB Tactical Operations Center ........................................................ 9,049 9,049 Maine NAVY Kittery Extend Portal Crane Rail .......................................................... 39,725 39,725 NAVY Kittery Dry Dock #1 Superflood Basin ................................................... 109,960 109,960 Mississippi NAVY Naval Construction Battalion Cen-ter Expeditionary Combat Skills Student Berthing ........................... 0 22,300 North Carolina NAVY Camp Lejeune 2nd Radio BN Complex, Phase 2 ................................................. 0 51,300 NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station Aircraft Maintenance Hangar .................................................... 133,970 27,000 NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station Flightline Utility Modernization ................................................ 106,860 106,860 Pennsylvania NAVY Philadelphia Submarine Propulsor Manufacturing Support Fac ...................... 71,050 71,050 South Carolina NAVY MCAS Beaufort Cryogenics Facility ................................................................... 0 6,300 NAVY MCAS Beaufort Recycling/Hazardous Waste Facility ........................................... 9,517 9,517 NAVY Parris Island Range Improvements & Modernization, Phase 2 .......................... 35,190 35,190 Utah NAVY Hill AFB D5 Missile Motor Receipt/Storage Facility ................................... 105,520 105,520 Virginia NAVY Portsmouth Ships Maintenance Facility ....................................................... 26,120 26,120 NAVY Quantico Ammunition Supply Point Upgrade, Phase 2 ............................... 0 13,100 NAVY Quantico TBS Fire Station ....................................................................... 21,980 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4222 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Washington NAVY Bangor Pier and Maintenance Facility .................................................. 88,960 88,960 NAVY Whidbey Island Fleet Support Facility ............................................................... 19,450 19,450 NAVY Whidbey Island Next Generation Jammer Facility ............................................... 7,930 7,930 Worldwide Unspecified NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 0 25,000 NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 28,579 28,5 79 NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 185,54 2 185,542 SUBTOTAL NAVY............................................................................................................................... ..................2,543,189 2,572,752 AIR FORCE Alaska AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A School AGE Facility ........................................................ 22,500 22,500 AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A CATM Range .................................................................. 19,000 19,000 AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35 Aircraft Maintenance Unit Admin Facility ......................... 6,800 6,800 AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35 Conventional Munitions Maintenance Fac ......................... 15,500 15,500 Arizona AIR FORCE Davis-Monthan AFB AGE Facility ............................................................................. 0 15,000 AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A Squad Ops #6 .................................................................. 17,000 17,000 AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A ADAL AMU B914 Sq 6 ..................................................... 23,000 23,000 Florida AIR FORCE Eglin AFB F–35A Student Dormitory II ....................................................... 28,000 28,000 AIR FORCE Eglin AFB F–35A Integrated Trng Center Academics Bldg ........................... 34,863 34,863 AIR FORCE MacDill AFB KC135 Beddown Add Flight Simulator Training .......................... 3,100 3,100 Guam AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas Hayman Munitions Storage Igloos MSA 2 ................................... 9,800 9,800 Mariana Islands AIR FORCE Tinian APR—Cargo Pad With Taxiway Extension ................................. 46,000 46,000 AIR FORCE Tinian APR—Maintenance Support Facility .......................................... 4,700 4,700 Maryland AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews Child Development Center ......................................................... 0 13,000 AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews PAR Relocate Haz Cargo Pad and EOD Range ........................... 37,000 37,000 AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews Presidential Aircraft Recap Complex, Inc. 2 ................................ 154,000 121,250 Massachusetts AIR FORCE Hanscom AFB MIT-Lincoln Laboratory (West Lab CSL/MIF) ............................ 225,000 175,000 Nebraska AIR FORCE Offutt AFB Parking Lot, USSTRATCOM ..................................................... 9,500 9,500 Nevada AIR FORCE Creech AFB MQ–9 CPIP Operations & Command Center Fac. ........................ 28,000 28,000 AIR FORCE Creech AFB MQ–9 CPIP GCS Operations Facility .......................................... 31,000 31,000 AIR FORCE Nellis AFB CRH Simulator .......................................................................... 5,900 5,900 New Mexico AIR FORCE Holloman AFB MQ–9 FTU Ops Facility ............................................................ 85,000 85,000 AIR FORCE Kirtland AFB Wyoming Gate Upgrade for Anti-Terrorism Compliance ............... 0 7,000 New York AIR FORCE Rome Lab Anti-Terrorism Perimeter Security / Entry Control Point ............. 0 14,200 North Dakota AIR FORCE Minot AFB Consolidated Helo/TRF Ops/AMU and Alert Fac ......................... 66,000 66,000 Ohio AIR FORCE Wright-Patterson AFB ADAL Intelligence Production Complex (NASIC) ........................ 116,100 116,100 Oklahoma AIR FORCE Altus AFB KC–46A FTU/FTC Simulator Facility PH 3 ................................. 12,000 12,000 AIR FORCE Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Maintenance Hangar .......................................... 81,000 81,000 AIR FORCE Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Fuel Maintenance Hangar ................................... 85,000 85,000 Qatar AIR FORCE Al Udeid Personnel Deployment Processing Facility .................................. 40,000 40,000 AIR FORCE Al Udeid Flightline Support Facilities ...................................................... 30,400 30,400 South Carolina AIR FORCE Shaw AFB CPIP MQ–9 MCE Group ............................................................ 53,000 53,000 Texas AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland BMT Recruit Dormitory 6 .......................................................... 25,0 00 25,000 United Kingdom AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Fuel System Maintenance Dock 2 Bay .............................. 16,880 16,880 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Parking Apron ................................................................ 27,431 27,431 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A AGE Facility ................................................................... 12,44 9 12,449 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A ADAL Parts Store ........................................................... 13,926 13 ,926 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A 6 Bay Hangar ................................................................. 39,036 39,036 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Dorm .............................................................................. 29 ,541 29,541 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A ADAL Conventional Munitions MX ................................. 9,204 9,204 Utah AIR FORCE Hill AFB Composite Aircraft Antenna Calibration Fac .............................. 0 26,000 Washington AIR FORCE White Bluff ADAL JPRA C2 Mission Support Facility ................................... 0 14,000 Worldwide Classified AIR FORCE Classified Location TACMOR—Utilities and Infrastructure Support ......................... 18,000 18,000 Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 0 20, 000 AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 195,5 77 195,577 AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 11,00 0 11,000 AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction ................................... 38,500 38,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4223 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE............................................................................................................................... ........1,725,707 1,752,157 DEFENSE-WIDE Alabama DEFENSE- WIDE Anniston Army Depot Install microgrid ........................................................................ 0 20,000 Alaska DEFENSE- WIDE Clear AFS Long Range Discrim Radar Sys Complex Ph2 .............................. 174,000 130,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Greely Missile Field #1 Expansion ........................................................ 8,000 8,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson Operations Facility Replacement ................................................ 14,000 14,000 Arkansas DEFENSE- WIDE Little Rock AFB Hydrant Fuel System Alterations ............................................... 14,000 14,000 Belgium DEFENSE- WIDE U.S. Army Garrison Benelux (Chievres) Europe West District Superintendent’s Office ............................. 14,305 14,305 California DEFENSE- WIDE Camp Pendleton SOF EOD Facility—West ........................................................... 3,547 3,547 DEFENSE- WIDE Camp Pendleton SOF Human Performance Training Center-West ......................... 9,049 9,049 DEFENSE- WIDE Coronado SOF NSWG–1 Operations Support Facility ................................. 25,172 25,172 DEFENSE- WIDE Coronado SOF Close Quarters Combat Facility .......................................... 12,768 12,768 DEFENSE- WIDE Coronado SOF ATC Applied Instruction Facility ....................................... 14,819 14,819 DEFENSE- WIDE Coronado SOF ATC Training Facility ....................................................... 18,329 18,329 DEFENSE- WIDE Defense Distribution Depot-Tracy Main Access Control Point Upgrades .......................................... 18,800 18,800 DEFENSE- WIDE NB Ventura County SNI Energy Storage System ........................................................ 0 6,530 Colorado DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Carson SOF Human Performance Training Center ................................. 15,297 15,297 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Carson SOF Mountaineering Facility .................................................... 9,000 9,000 Conus Classified DEFENSE- WIDE Classified Location Battalion Complex, PH2 ............................................................ 49,222 49,222 Djibouti DEFENSE- WIDE Camp Lemonnier ECIP-Install PV Ground Array .................................................. 0 3,750 Germany DEFENSE- WIDE Baumholder SOF Joint Parachute Rigging Facility ........................................ 11,504 11,504 DEFENSE- WIDE Kaiserslautern AB Kaiserslautern Middle School .................................................... 99,955 99,955 DEFENSE- WIDE Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Inc. 8 ............................................. 319,589 319,589 DEFENSE- WIDE Weisbaden Clay Kaserne Elementary School ................................................ 56,048 56,048 Greece DEFENSE- WIDE NSA Souda Bay Energy Management Control Systems (EMCS) ............................ 0 2,230 Guam DEFENSE- WIDE Naval Base Guam P–691 NBG 74 Facilities Automated Controls ............................... 0 4,634 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba DEFENSE- WIDE Guantanamo Bay Working Dog Treatment Facility Replacement ............................ 9,080 9,080 Hawaii DEFENSE- WIDE Bellows AFB Expand PV and provide energy resilience to fire crash rescue ...... 0 2,944 Japan DEFENSE- WIDE 
Camp McTureous Bechtel Elementary School ........................................................ 94,851 94,851 DEFENSE- WIDE Iwakuni Fuel Pier .................................................................................. 33,200 33,200 DEFENSE- WIDE Kadena AB Truck Unload Facilities ............................................................. 21,400 21,400 DEFENSE- WIDE Yokosuka Kinnick High School ................................................................. 170,386 40,000 Kansas DEFENSE- WIDE Salina Training Center PV/Water Conservation & Energy Resilience ............................... 0 3,500 Kentucky 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4224 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Campbell Ft Campbell Middle School ........................................................ 62,634 62,634 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Campbell SOF Logistics Support Operations Facility ................................. 5,435 5,435 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Campbell SOF Air/Ground Integ. Urban Live Fire Range ........................... 9,091 9,091 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Campbell SOF Multi-Use Helicopter Training Facility ............................... 5,138 5,138 Louisiana DEFENSE- WIDE JRB NAS New Orleans Distribution Switchgear ............................................................. 0 5,340 Maine DEFENSE- WIDE Kittery Consolidated Warehouse Replacement ........................................ 11,600 11,600 Maryland DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Inc 4 ......................................... 218,000 191,600 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #3 Inc 1 ......................................... 99,000 99,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Meade Mission Support Operations Warehouse Facility ......................... 30,000 30,000 Missouri DEFENSE- WIDE St Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 1 Inc. 2 ............................ 213,600 50,000 DEFENSE- WIDE St Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 2 Inc. 1 ............................ 110,000 110,000 New Jersey DEFENSE- WIDE Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst Hot Cargo Hydrant System Replacement .................................... 10,200 10,200 North Carolina DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Replace Training Maze and Tower ..................................... 12,109 12,109 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Bragg SOF SERE Resistance Training Lab. Complex ............................ 20,257 20,257 DEFENSE- WIDE New River Amb Care Center/Dental Clinic Replacement ............................... 32,580 32,580 Oklahoma DEFENSE- WIDE McAlester Bulk Diesel System Replacement ................................................ 7,000 7,000 South Carolina DEFENSE- WIDE MCAS Beaufort Electrical Hardening and Black Start CHP System ...................... 0 22,402 Texas DEFENSE- WIDE Camp Mabry Install microgrid ........................................................................ 0 5,500 DEFENSE- WIDE Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland Energy Aerospace Operations Facility ........................................ 10,200 10,200 DEFENSE- WIDE Red River Army Depot General Purpose Warehouse ...................................................... 71,500 71,500 United Kingdom DEFENSE- WIDE Croughton RAF Ambulatory Care Center Addition/Alteration .............................. 10,000 0 Virginia DEFENSE- WIDE Dam Neck SOF Magazines ......................................................................... 8,959 8,959 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort A.P. Hill Training Campus ...................................................................... 11,734 11,734 DEFENSE- WIDE Fort Belvoir Human Performance Training Center ......................................... 6,127 6,127 DEFENSE- WIDE Humphreys Engineer Center Maintenance and Supply Facility .............................................. 20,257 20,257 DEFENSE- WIDE Joint Base Langley-Eustis Fuel Facilities Replacement ....................................................... 6,900 6,900 DEFENSE- WIDE Joint Base Langley-Eustis Ground Vehicle Fueling Facility Replacement ............................ 5,800 5,800 DEFENSE- WIDE NAS Oceana Super Flight Line Electrical Distribtion System (FLEDS) ............ 0 2,520 DEFENSE- WIDE Pentagon North Village VACP & Fencing .................................................. 12,200 12,200 DEFENSE- WIDE Pentagon Exterior Infrastruc. & Security Improvements ............................. 23,650 23,650 
Washington DEFENSE- WIDE Joint Base Lewis-McChord Refueling Facility ..................................................................... 26,200 26,200 Worldwide Unspecified DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design—ERCIP ................................................... 0 5,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 55,925 55,9 25 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 496 496 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4225 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 10,000 10,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 14,184 14,1 84 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 13,642 13,642 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 5,000 5,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Energy Resilience and Conserv. Invest. Prog. ............................. 150,000 150,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Contingency Construction ......................................................... 10,000 10,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 3,000 3,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 14,300 14,3 00 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERCIP Design ........................................................................... 10,000 1 0,000 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Exercise Related Minor Construction .......................................... 12,479 12,479 DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 2,036 2,036  DEFENSE- WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design .................................................................... 42,705 42,705 DEFENSE- WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 17,366 17,366 DEFENSE- WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 55,699 55,699 SUBTOTAL DEFENSE-WIDE............................................................................................................................... .2,693,324 2,403,288 ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Alaska ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson United States Property & Fiscal Office ....................................... 27,000 27,000 Illinois ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Marseilles Automated Record Fire Range ................................................... 5,000 5,000 Montana ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Malta National Guard Readiness Center .............................................. 15,000 15,000 Nevada ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD North Las Vegas National Guard Readiness Center .............................................. 32,000 32,000 New Hampshire ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Pembroke National Guard Readiness Center .............................................. 12,000 12,000 North Dakota ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Fargo National Guard Readiness Center .............................................. 32,000 32,000 Ohio ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Camp Ravenna Automated Multipurpose Machine Gun Range ............................ 7,400 7,400 Oklahoma ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Lexington Aircraft vehicle storage building ................................................ 0 11,000 Oregon ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Boardman Tactical unmanned aerial vehicle hangar ................................... 0 11,000 South Dakota ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Rapid City National Guard Readiness Center .............................................. 15,000 15,000 Texas ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Houston Unheated vehicle storage (aircraft) ............................................ 0 15,000 Virginia ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Sandston Army aviation support facility ................................................... 0 89,000 Worldwide Unspecified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4226 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 18,100 18,100 ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 16,622 16,6 22 SUBTOTAL ARMY NATIONAL GUARD ................................................................................................................. 180,122 306,122 AIR NATIONAL GUARD California AIR NATIONAL GUARD Channel Islands Angs Construct C–130J Flight Simulator Facility ................................. 8,000 8,000 Hawaii AIR NATIONAL GUARD Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Construct Addition to F–22 LO/CRF B3408 .................................. 17,000 17,000 Illinois AIR NATIONAL GUARD Gen. Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport Construct New Fire Crash/Rescue Station ................................... 9,000 9,000 Louisiana AIR NATIONAL GUARD JRB NAS New Orleans NORTHCOM—Construct Alert Apron ........................................ 15,000 15,000 New York AIR NATIONAL GUARD Francis S. Gabreski Airport Security Forces/Comm.training Facility ...................................... 20,000 20,000 Pennsylvania AIR NATIONAL GUARD Fort Indiantown Gap Replace Operations Training/Dining Hall ................................... 8,000 8,000 Puerto Rico AIR NATIONAL GUARD Luis Munoz Marin International Hurricane Maria—Communications Facility ............................... 0 15,000 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Luis Munoz Marin International Airport Hurricane Maria—Maintenance Hangar .................................... 0 35,000 Virginia AIR NATIONAL GUARD Joint Base Langley-Eustis Construct Cyber Ops Facility ..................................................... 10,000 10,000 Worldwide Unspecified AIR NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 0 4,000 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 23,626 23,626 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 18,500 18,500 SUBTOTAL AIR NATIONAL GUARD .................................................................................................................... 129,126 183,126 ARMY RESERVE California ARMY RE-SERVE Barstow ECS Modified TEMF / Warehouse .............................................. 34,000 34,000 Wisconsin ARMY RE-SERVE Fort McCoy Transient Training Barracks ..................................................... 23,000 23,000 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY RE-SERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 2,064 2,064 ARMY RE-SERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 5,855 5,855  SUBTOTAL ARMY RESERVE............................................................................................................................... .64,919 64,919 NAVY RESERVE California NAVY RE-SERVE Seal Beach Reserve Training Center ............................................................ 21,740 21,740 Georgia NAVY RE-SERVE Benning Reserve Training Center ............................................................ 13,630 13,630 Worldwide Unspecified NAVY RE-SERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 3,000 3,000 NAVY RE-SERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design .................................................................... 4,695 4,69 5 
SUBTOTAL NAVY RESERVE............................................................................................................................... .43,065 43,065 AIR FORCE RESERVE Indiana AIR FORCE RESERVE Grissom ARB Aerial Port Facility ................................................................... 0 9,400 AIR FORCE RESERVE Grissom ARB Add/Alter Aircraft Maintenance Hangar .................................... 12,100 12,100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4227 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Minnesota AIR FORCE RESERVE Minneapolis-St Paul IAP Small Arms Range ..................................................................... 9,000 9,000 Mississippi AIR FORCE RESERVE Keesler AFB Aeromedical Staging Squadron Facility ...................................... 4,550 4,550 New York AIR FORCE RESERVE Niagara Falls IAP Physical Fitness Center ............................................................. 14,000 14,000 Texas AIR FORCE RESERVE Fort Worth Munitions Training/Admin Facility ............................................ 3,100 3,100 Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................. 0 5,000 AIR FORCE RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design .................................................................... 4,055 4,05 5 AIR FORCE RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................. 3,358 3,358 SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE RESERVE ....................................................................................................................... 50,163 64,563 NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM Worldwide Unspecified NATO SECU-RITY IN-VESTMENT PROGRAM NATO Security Investment Pro-gram NATO Security Investment Program ........................................... 171,064 171,064 
SUBTOTAL NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................................... 171,064 171,064 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION .................................................................................................................... 8,612,447 8,680,424 FAMILY HOUSING *2 CONSTRUC-TION, ARMY Germany CONSTRUC-TION, ARMY Baumholder Family Housing Improvements ................................................... 32,000 32,000 Italy CONSTRUC-TION, ARMY Vicenza Family Housing New Construction ............................................. 95,134 95,134 Korea CONSTRUC-TION, ARMY Camp Humphreys Family Housing New Construction Incr 3 ................................... 85,000 85,000 CONSTRUC-TION, ARMY Camp Walker Family Housing Replacement Construction ................................. 68,000 68,000 Puerto Rico CONSTRUC-TION, ARMY Fort Buchanan Family Housing Replacement Construction ................................. 26,000 26,000 Wisconsin CONSTRUC-TION, ARMY Fort McCoy Family Housing New Construction ............................................. 6,200 6,200 Worldwide Unspecified CONSTRUC-TION, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Family Housing P & D .............................................................. 18,326 18,326  SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, ARMY ................................................................................................................... 330,660 330,660 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ............................................................................. 36,302 3 6,302 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services .................................................................................... 10, 502 10,502 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .............................................................................. 15,842  15,842 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous ........................................................................... 408 408  OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................. 75,530 75,530 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4228 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities .................................................................................... 57 ,872 57,872 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ..................................................................................... 161 ,252 161,252 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privitization Support .................................................... 18,801 18,801 
SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY ........................................................................................ 376,509 376,509 CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Mariana Islands CONSTRUC-TION, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Guam Replace Andersen Housing PH III .............................................. 83,441 83,441 Worldwide Unspecified CONSTRUC-TION, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Improvements, Washington DC .................................................. 16,638 16,638 CONSTRUC-TION, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations P&D Washington DC ................................................................ 4,502 4,502 
SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ................................................................................ 104,581 104,581 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities .................................................................................... 60 ,252 60,252 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .............................................................................. 16,395  16,395 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ............................................................................. 50,870 5 0,870 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous ........................................................................... 148 148  
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services .................................................................................... 16, 261 16,261 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ..................................................................................... 62, 515 62,515 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................. 86,328 86,328 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4229 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization Support ................................................... 21,767 21,767 
SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ..................................................... 314,536 314,536 CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified CONSTRUC-TION, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Construction Improvements ........................................................ 75,247 75,247 CONSTRUC-TION, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design .................................................................... 3,199 3,19 9 SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE .......................................................................................................... 78,446 78,446 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization ............................................................... 22,205 22,2 05 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities .................................................................................... 48 ,566 48,566 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ............................................................................. 54,423 5 4,423 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services .................................................................................... 13, 669 13,669 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .............................................................................. 30,645  30,645 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous ........................................................................... 2,171 2 ,171 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ..................................................................................... 15, 832 15,832 OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................. 129,763  129,763 
SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................... 317,274 317,274 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities .................................................................................... 4, 100 4,100 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .............................................................................. 416 41 6 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities .................................................................................... 10 6 106 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ..................................................................................... 13, 046 13,046 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4230 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................. 121 121  
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .............................................................................. 643 64 3 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ..................................................................................... 38, 232 38,232 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .............................................................................. 01 01 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services .................................................................................... 02 02 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities .................................................................................... 09  09 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................. 1,542 1 ,542 
OPERATION AND MAIN-TENANCE, DEFENSE- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ............................................................................. 155 155 
SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................ 58,373 58,373 IMPROVEMENT FUND Worldwide Unspecified IMPROVE-MENT FUND Unspecified Worldwide Locations Administrative Expenses—FHIF ................................................. 1,653 1,653 SUBTOTAL IMPROVEMENT FUND ...................................................................................................................... 1,653 1,653 UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND Worldwide Unspecified UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND Unaccompanied Housing Improve-ment Fund Administrative Expenses—UHIF ................................................ 600 600 SUBTOTAL UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND .......................................................................................................... 600 600 TOTAL FAMILY HOUSING............................................................................................................................... ....1,582,632 1,582,632 DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE *2 ARMY Worldwide Unspecified ARMY Base Realignment & Closure, Army Base Realignment and Closure ................................................... 62,796 62,796 NAVY Worldwide Unspecified NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Base Realignment & Closure ...................................................... 151,839 15 1,839 AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations DoD BRAC Activities—Air Force ................................................ 52,903 5 2,903 TOTAL DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE .................................................................................... 267,538 267,538 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC ................................................................. 10,462,617 10,530,594 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4231 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State or Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION *2 ARMY Bulgaria ARMY Nevo Selo FOS EDI: Ammunition Holding Area ......................................................................... 5,200 5 ,200 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba ARMY Guantanamo Bay OCO: High Value Detention Facility ................................................................. 69,000 0  Poland ARMY Drawsko Pomorski Training Area EDI: Staging Areas ......................................................................... .................. 17,000 17,000 ARMY Powidz AB EDI: Rail Extension & Railhead ........................................................................ 14,000 14, 000 ARMY Powidz AB EDI: Ammunition Storage Facility ..................................................................... 52,000 52,0 00 ARMY Powidz AB EDI: Bulk Fuel Storage ..................................................................................... 21,00 0 21,000 ARMY Zagan Training Area EDI: Rail Extension and Railhead ..................................................................... 6 ,400 6,400 ARMY Zagan Training Area EDI: Staging Areas .................................................................................... ....... 34,000 34,000 Romania ARMY Mihail Kogalniceanu FOS EDI: Explosives & Ammo Load/Unload Apron .................................................... 21,651  21,651 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .................................................................. .............. 20,999 20,999 SUBTOTAL ARMY............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 261,250 192,250 NAVY Greece NAVY Souda Bay EDI: Marathi Logistics Support Center .............................................................. 6,200 6,200 NAVY Souda Bay EDI: Joint Mobility Processing Center ............................................................... 41,650 41,65 0 Italy NAVY Sigonella EDI: P–8A Taxiway .......................................................................................... 66,05 0 66,050 Spain NAVY Rota EDI: Port Operations Facilities ......................................................................... 21,590 21,590  United Kingdom NAVY Lossiemouth EDI: P–8 Base Improvements ............................................................................. 79,130 79,130 Worldwide Unspecified NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .................................................................. .............. 12,700 12,700 SUBTOTAL NAVY............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 227,320 227,320 AIR FORCE Germany AIR FORCE Ramstein AB EDI—KMC DABS-FEV/RH Storage Warehouses ................................................. 119,000 119,000 Norway AIR FORCE Rygge AS EDI—Construct Taxiway .................................................................................. 13,80 0 13,800 Slovakia AIR FORCE Malacky AB EDI—Regional Munitions Storage Area ............................................................. 59,000 59, 000 United Kingdom AIR FORCE RAF Fairford EDI—Construct DABS-FEV Storage .................................................................. 87,000 8 7,000 AIR FORCE RAF Fairford EDI—Munitions Holding Area ........................................................................... 19, 000 19,000 Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI—Planning & Design Funds .......................................................... .............. 48,000 48,000 SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 345,800 345,800 DEFENSE-WIDE Estonia DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Estonia EDI: SOF Training Facility .................................................................... .......... 9,600 9,600 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Estonia EDI: SOF Operations Facility .................................................................. ......... 6,100 6,100 Qatar DEFENSE-WIDE Al Udeid OCO: Trans-Regional Logistics Complex ............................................................ 60,000 6 0,000 Worldwide Unspecified DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .......................................................... ...................... 7,100 7,100 DEFENSE-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .............................................................. .................. 4,250 4,250 SUBTOTAL DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 87,050 87,050 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ............................................................................................................................... .............................921,420 852,420 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC ......................................................................................................... 921,420 852,420 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS. SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: Energy Programs Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ............................. 136,090 136,090 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4232 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities National nuclear security administration: Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. ....................... 11,017,078 11,017,078 Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... ............... 1,862,825 1,862,825 Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. ......................... 1,788,618 1,788,618 Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. ................. 422,529 422,529 Total, National nuclear security administration ....................................................................................................... 15,091,050 15,091,050 Environmental and other defense activities: Defense environmental cleanup .................................................................................................. ............... 5,630,217 5,630,217 Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... ...................... 853,300 853,300 Defense nuclear waste disposal ................................................................................................. ................ 30,000 0 Total, Environmental & other defense activities ........................................................................................................ 6,513,517 6,483,517 Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities .................................................................................................................... 21,604,567 21,574,567 Total, Discretionary Funding............................................................................................................................... .....21,740,657 21,710,657 Nuclear Energy Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... .............................. 136,090 136,090 Total, Nuclear Energy............................................................................................................................... ................136,090 136,090 Weapons Activities Directed stockpile work Life extension programs and major alterations B61 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ........................ 794,049 794,049 W76 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ....................... 113,888 0 Split into W76–1 and W76–2 lines ............................................................................................... ............... [–113,888 ] W76–1 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ...................... 0 48,888 Complete W76–1 life extension .................................................................................................. ................ [48,888 ] W76–2 Warhead modification program ............................................................................................. ................ 0 65,000 NPR Implementation ............................................................................................................. .................. [65,000 ] W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... ................................ 304,285 304,285 W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ...................... 654,766 654,766 IW–1 ........................................................................................................................... ................................... 53,000 53,000 Total, Life extension programs and major alterations .............................................................................................. 1,919,988 1,919,988 Stockpile systems B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 64,547 64,547 W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 94,300 94,300 W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 81,329 81,329 W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 80,204 80,204 B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 35,082 35,082 W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 83,107 83,107 W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 180,913 180,913 Total, Stockpile systems............................................................................................................................... .............619,482 619,482 Weapons dismantlement and disposition Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ...................... 56,000 56,000 Stockpile services Production support ............................................................................................................. ............................ 512,916 512,916 Research and development support ............................................................................................... ................... 38,129 38,129 R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... ....................... 216,582 216,582 Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... .............. 300,736 300,736 Total, Stockpile services............................................................................................................................... .............1,068,363 1,068,363 
Strategic materials Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ......................... 87,182 87,182 Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... ......................... 361,282 361,282 Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ........................... 205,275 205,275 Lithium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ........................... 29,135 29,135 Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... ..................... 100,704 100,704 Strategic materials sustainment ................................................................................................ ....................... 218,794 218,794 Total, Strategic materials............................................................................................................................... ..........1,002,372 1,002,372 Total, Directed stockpile work............................................................................................................................... ....4,666,205 4,666,205 Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) Science Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ........................... 57,710 57,710 Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ ..................... 95,057 95,057 Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... ....................... 131,000 131,000 Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... ........................ 32,544 32,544 Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. .................... 77,553 77,553 Academic alliances and partnerships ............................................................................................ ................... 53,364 53,364 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4233 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Enhanced Capabilities for Subcritical Experiments .............................................................................. ............. 117,632 117,632 Total, Science............................................................................................................................... .............................564,860 564,860 Engineering Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ ............................ 43,226 43,226 Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... .......... 27,536 27,536 Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... ............................ 48,230 48,230 Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... .......................... 58,375 58,375 Stockpile Responsiveness ....................................................................................................... ......................... 34,000 34,000 Total, Engineering............................................................................................................................... .....................211,367 211,367 Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield Ignition ....................................................................................................................... .................................. 22,434 22,434 Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ .................... 17,397 17,397 Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... ............. 51,453 51,453 Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... ................. 8,310 8,310 Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... .................. 319,333 319,333 Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield ..................................................................................................... 418,927 418,927 Advanced simulation and computing Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................. ................. 656,401 656,401 Construction: 18–D–670, Exascale Class Computer Cooling Equipment, LANL ................................................................... 24, 000 24,000 18–D–620, Exascale Computing Facility Modernization Project, LLNL ......................................................... 23,00 0 23,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ....................47,000 47,000 Total, Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................................. 703,401 703,401 Advanced manufacturing Additive manufacturing ......................................................................................................... ......................... 17,447 17,447 Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ .............. 48,477 48,477 Process technology development ................................................................................................. ..................... 30,914 30,914 Total, Advanced manufacturing............................................................................................................................... 96,838 96,838 Total, RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................1,995,393 1,995,393 Infrastructure and operations Operations of facilities ....................................................................................................... ................................... 891,000 891,000 Safety and environmental operations ............................................................................................ ......................... 115,000 115,000 Maintenance and repair of facilities ........................................................................................... ........................... 365,000 365,000 Recapitalization: Infrastructure and safety ...................................................................................................... .......................... 431,631 431,631 Capability based investments ................................................................................................... ....................... 109,057 109,057 Total, Recapitalization............................................................................................................................... ..............540,688 540,688 Program increase to address high-priority deferred maintenance Construction: 19–D–670, 138kV Power Transmission System Replacement, NNSS .................................................................... . 6,000 6,000 19–D–660, Lithium Production Capability, Y–12 .................................................................................. .............. 19,000 19,000 18–D–650, Tritium Production Capability, SRS ................................................................................... .............. 27,000 27,000 17–D–640, U1a Complex Enhancements Project, NNSS ............................................................................... ........ 53,000 53,000 16–D–515, Albuquerque complex project .......................................................................................... .................. 47,953 47,953 06–D–141 Uranium processing facility Y–12, Oak Ridge, TN ....................................................................... ....... 703,000 703,000 04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy research facility replacement project, LANL ............................................... 235 ,095 235,095 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ....................1,091,048 1,091,048 Total, Infrastructure and operations
........................................................................................................................ 3,002,736 3,002,736 Secure transportation asset Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... ............................. 176,617 176,617 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 102,022 102,022 Total, Secure transportation asset ............................................................................................................................ 278,639 278,639 Defense nuclear security Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ............................ 690,638 690,638 Total, Defense nuclear security............................................................................................................................... ..690,638 690,638 Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... ............................ 221,175 221,175 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... .................................... 162,292 162,292 Total, Weapons Activities............................................................................................................................... ...........11,017,078 11,017,078 Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs Global material security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4234 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
International nuclear security ................................................................................................. ....................... 46,339 46,339 Domestic radiological security ................................................................................................. ........................ 90,764 90,764 International radiological security ............................................................................................ ...................... 59,576 59,576 Nuclear smuggling detection and deterrence ..................................................................................... ................ 140,429 140,429 Total, Global material security............................................................................................................................... ..337,108 337,108 Material management and minimization HEU reactor conversion ......................................................................................................... ......................... 98,300 98,300 Nuclear material removal ....................................................................................................... ......................... 32,925 32,925 Material disposition ........................................................................................................... ............................. 200,869 200,869 Total, Material management & minimization ........................................................................................................... 332,094 332,094 Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ........................... 129,703 129,703 Defense nuclear nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... ................. 456,095 456,095 Nonproliferation Construction: 18–D–150 Surplus Plutonium Disposition Project ................................................................................. ............. 59,000 59,000 99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ...................................................................... ..... 220,000 220,000 Total, Nonproliferation construction ........................................................................................................................ 279,000 279,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs .................................................................................................. 1,534,000 1,534,000 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... .................................... 28,640 28,640 Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... ..................... 319,185 319,185 Use of prior year balances ..................................................................................................... ...................................... –19,000 –19,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ................................................................................................................... 1,862,825 1,862,825 Naval Reactors Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... .................................... 514,951 514,951 Columbia-Class reactor systems development ..................................................................................... ........................... 138,000 138,000 S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ...................................... 250,000 250,000 Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ............................ 525,764 525,764 Construction: .................................................................................................................. ........................................... 0 19–D–930, KS Overhead Piping ................................................................................................... ........................... 10,994 10,994 17–D–911, BL Fire System Upgrade ............................................................................................... ......................... 13,200 13,200 14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ............... 287,000 287,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ....................311,194 311,194 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ......................................... 48,709 48,709 Total, Naval Reactors............................................................................................................................... ................1,788,618 1,788,618 Federal Salaries And Expenses Program direction .............................................................................................................. ......................................... 422,529 422,529 Total, Office Of The Administrator ........................................................................................................................... 422,529 422,529 Defense Environmental Cleanup Closure sites: Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ............................... 4,889 4,889 Richland: River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... ...................... 89,577 89,577 Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... .............................. 562,473 562,473 Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... ................... 5,121 5,121 Construction: 18–D–404 WESF Modifications and Capsule Storage ................................................................................ ......... 1,000 1,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ....................1,000 1,000 Total, Hanford site............................................................................................................................... .....................658,171 658,171 
Office of River Protection: Waste Treatment Immobilization Plant Commissioning ............................................................................. .............. 15,000 15,000 Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ .................... 677,460 677,460 Construction: 15–D–409 Low activity waste pretreatment system, ORP ........................................................................... ......... 56,053 56,053 01–D–416 A-D WTP Subprojects A-D ............................................................................................... .......... 675,000 675,000 01–D–416 E—Pretreatment Facility ............................................................................................... ............ 15,000 15,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ....................746,053 746,053 Total, Office of River protection............................................................................................................................... .1,438,513 1,438,513 Idaho National Laboratory: SNF stabilization and disposition—2012 ......................................................................................... ........................ 17,000 17,000 Solid waste stabilization and disposition ...................................................................................... .......................... 148,387 148,387 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ................ 137,739 137,739 Soil and water remediation—2035 ................................................................................................ .......................... 42,900 42,900 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4235 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... ..................... 3,200 3,200 Total, Idaho National Laboratory ............................................................................................................................. 349,226 349,226 NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ..................... 1,704 1,704 Nuclear facility D & D Separations Process Research Unit ....................................................................... .............. 15,000 15,000 Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ....................................... 60,136 60,136 Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... ............................ 2,600 2,600 Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. .......................... 191,629 191,629 Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites ..................................................................................................................... 271,069 271,069 Oak Ridge Reservation: OR Nuclear facility D & D OR-0041—D&D—Y–12 ............................................................................................................... ...................... 30,214 30,214 OR-0042—D&D—ORNL ............................................................................................................... ................... 60,007 60,007 Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D .............................................................................................................................. 90,221 90,221 U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... .............................. 45,000 45,000 OR cleanup and waste disposition OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... ....................... 67,000 67,000 Construction: 17–D–401 On-site waste disposal facility ....................................................................................... .............. 5,000 5,000 14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ ....... 11,274 11,274 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ....................16,274 16,274 Total, OR cleanup and waste disposition .................................................................................................................. 83,274 83,274 OR community & regulatory support .............................................................................................. ....................... 4,711 4,711 OR technology development and deployment ....................................................................................... ................... 3,000 3,000 Total, Oak Ridge Reservation............................................................................................................................... ....226,206 226,206 Savannah River Sites: Nuclear Material Management .................................................................................................... .......................... 351,331 351,331 Environmental Cleanup Environmental Cleanup .......................................................................................................... ........................ 166,105 166,105 Construction: 18–D–402, Emergency Operations Center .......................................................................................... .......... 1,259 1,259 Total, Environmental Cleanup............................................................................................................................... ...167,364 167,364 SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ ....................... 4,749 4,749 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... .......... 805,686 805,686 Construction: 18–D–401, SDU #8/9 ............................................................................................................. ...................... 37,450 37,450 17–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #7 ............................................................................................ ............ 41,243 41,243 05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River Site ................................................................... ... 65,000 65,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ....................143,693 143,693 Total, Savannah River site............................................................................................................................... .........1,472,823 1,472,823 Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ............................ 220,000 220,000 Central characterization project ............................................................................................... ............................. 19,500 19,500 Critical Infrastructure Repair/Replacement ..................................................................................... ....................... 46,695 46,695 Transportation ................................................................................................................. .................................... 25,500 25,500 Construction: 15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ............................................................... .... 84,212 84,212 15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... ..................... 1,000 1,000 Total, Construction...............................................................................................................................
....................85,212 85,212 Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ............................................................................................................................. 396,907 396,907 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ......................................... 300,000 300,000 Program support ................................................................................................................ ......................................... 6,979 6,979 Minority Serving Institution Partnership ....................................................................................... .............................. 6,000 6,000 Safeguards and Security Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ............................... 14,023 14,023 Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 15,577 15,577 Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 15,078 15,078 Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... ................................ 86,686 86,686 Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ................................. 183,357 183,357 Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. ............................... 6,580 6,580 West Valley .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 3,133 3,133 Total, Safeguards and Security............................................................................................................................... ..324,434 324,434 Technology development ......................................................................................................... .................................... 25,000 25,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4236 June 19, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
HQEF-0040—Excess Facilities .................................................................................................... .................................. 150,000 150,000 Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup ..................................................................................................................... 5,630,217 5,630,217 Other Defense Activities Environment, health, safety and security Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... ....................... 135,194 135,194 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 70,653 70,653 Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ........................................................................................................ 205,847 205,847 Independent enterprise assessments Independent enterprise assessments ............................................................................................. .......................... 24,068 24,068 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 52,702 52,702 Total, Independent enterprise assessments ................................................................................................................ 76,770 76,770 Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ...................................... 254,378 254,378 Office of Legacy Management Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ............................... 140,575 140,575 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 18,302 18,302 Total, Office of Legacy Management .......................................................................................................................... 158,877 158,877 Defense related administrative support Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ ................................... 48,484 48,484 Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... ................................. 96,793 96,793 Project management oversight and Assessments ................................................................................... .................. 8,412 8,412 Total, Defense related administrative support .......................................................................................................... 153,689 153,689 Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. ................................... 5,739 5,739 Subtotal, Other defense activities .............................................................................................................................. 855,300 855,300 Rescission of prior year balances (OHA) ........................................................................................ .............................. –2,000 –2,000 Total, Other Defense Activities............................................................................................................................... ...853,300 853,300 Defense Nuclear Waste Disposal Yucca mountain and interim storage ............................................................................................. .............................. 30,000 0 Program cut .................................................................................................................... ..................................... [–30,000 ] Total, Defense Nuclear Waste Disposal ..................................................................................................................... 30,000 0 
DIVISION E—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS TITLE LI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 5101. BRIEFING ON PROCUREMENT PLAN FOR ACQUIRED POSITION NAVIGA-TION AND TIMING (APNT) SOLUTION. 
Not later than September 1, 2018, the Sec-retary of the Army, in coordination with the Di-rector of the Army’s Acquired Position Naviga-tion and Timing (APNT) Cross Functional Team (CFT) pilot, shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing that outlines po-tential courses of action to begin immediate pro-curement of APNT systems, subject to successful test and evaluation. 
SEC. 5102. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON KC–46A AER-IAL REFUELING TANKER EMERGENT REQUIREMENTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the KC–46A aircraft will serve as the back-bone of the Air Force’s critical aerial refueling mission for the next several decades, replacing the aging 1950’s-era KC–135 Stratotanker fleet; (2) the Air Force has provided funding for nu-merous military construction projects at instal-lations across the country to prepare for the de-livery and bed down of the KC–46A aircraft; (3) as the KC–46A program matures and re-quirements become better defined, additional military construction and facilities, sustainment, restoration and modernization (FSRM) funding is likely to be necessary to properly support the fielding of the aircraft, house additional personnel, and meet unfore-seen requirements of the tanker mission; and (4) the Secretary of the Air Force should con-tinue to review and validate new emergent re-quirements and prepare to provide additional military construction and FSRM funding in its budget request for fiscal year 2020 and future years as needed. SEC. 5103. ADDITIONAL ELEMENT IN THE QUAR-TERLY UPDATES ON THE F–35 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER PROGRAM. 
The element on the assessment of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program under section 152(b)(3) in the quarterly updates on that pro-gram under section 152 shall include an assess-ment of efforts to ensure that excessive sustainment costs do not threaten the Depart-ment of Defense’s ability to purchase the re-quired number of aircraft. TITLE LII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 5201. JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RE-SEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND TRAN-SITION ACTIVITIES. 
The near-term actionable recommendations of the Secretary of Defense under section 226(e)(3)(B) shall include recommendations on research into systems that integrate the strengths and reliability of artificial intelligence and machine learning with the inductive rea-soning power of a human. 
SEC. 5202. SCOPE OF COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR THE BRADLEY FIGHTING VEHICLE TRANSMISSION REPLACEMENT. 
The plan to use full and open competition in the acquisition strategy for the Bradley Fight-ing Vehicle transmission replacement required by section 241(b)(2) shall be based on the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation rather than to the maximum extent practicable. 
SEC. 5203. PILOT PROGRAM TO TEST MACHINE-VI-SION TECHNOLOGIES TO DETER-MINE THE AUTHENTICITY AND SECU-RITY OF MICROELECTRONIC PARTS IN WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing, in coordination with the Defense Microelec-tronics Activity, shall establish a pilot program to test the feasibility and reliability of using ma-chine-vision technologies to determine the au-thenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weapon systems. (b) OBJECTIVES OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The ob- jective of the pilot program required by sub-section (a) shall include determining the fol-lowing: (1) The effectiveness and technology readiness level of machine-vision technologies to deter-mine the authenticity of microelectronic parts at the time of the creation of such part through final insertion of such part into weapon sys-tems. (2) The best method of incorporating machine- vision technologies into the process of devel-oping, transporting, and inserting microelec-tronics into weapon systems. (3) The rules, regulations, or processes that hinder the development and incorporation of machine-vision technologies, and the applica-tion of such rules, regulations, or processes to mitigate counterfeit microelectronics prolifera-tion throughout the Department of Defense. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the pilot program required by subsection (a), the Under Secretary may consult with the following: (1) Manufacturers of semiconductors or elec-tronics. (2) Industry associations relating to semi-conductors or electronics. (3) Original equipment manufacturers of prod-ucts for the Department of Defense. (4) Nontraditional defense contractors (as de-fined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code) that are machine-vision companies. (5) Federal laboratories (as defined in section 2500 of title 10, United States Code). (6) Other elements of the Department of De-fense that fall under the authority of the Under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4237 June 19, 2018 
Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing. (d) C
OMMENCEMENT AND DURATION .—The pilot program established under this section shall be established not later than April 1, 2019, and all activities under such pilot program shall terminate not later than December 31, 2020. TITLE LIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 5301. PRIORITIZATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS FOR FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, AND MODERNIZATION DEMOLITION. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish prioritization metrics for facilities deemed eligi-ble for demolition within the Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization (FSRM) process. Those metrics shall include full spectrum readiness and environmental impacts, including the removal of contamination. 
SEC. 5302. CORE SAMPLING AT JOINT BASE SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS. 
(a) S ITEINVESTIGATION REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of the Air Force shall conduct a core sampling study along the proposed route of the W–6 wastewater treatment line on Air Force real property, in compliance with best engineering practices, to determine if any regulated or haz-ardous substances are present in the soil along the proposed route. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the results of the core samples taken pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 5303. TRANSPORTATION TO CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES OF RETIRED MILI-TARY WORKING DOGS OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES THAT ARE SUITABLE FOR ADOPTION IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 2583(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) In the case of a military working dog located outside the continental United States (OCONUS) at the time of retirement that is suit-able for adoption at that time, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall under-take transportation of the dog to the conti-nental United States (including transportation by contract at United States expense) for adop-tion under this section unless— ‘‘(i) the dog is adopted as described in para-graph (2)(A); or ‘‘(ii) transportation of the dog to the conti-nental United States would not be in the best interests of the dog for medical reasons. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be con-strued to alter the preference in adoption of re-tired military working dogs for former handlers as set forth in subsection (g).’’. 
SEC. 5304. ADDITIONAL ELEMENT IN REPORT ON COLD WEATHER CAPABILITIES AND READINESS OF THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES. 
The report on cold weather capabilities and readiness of the United States Armed Forces re-quired by section 322 shall also include an anal-ysis of potential partnerships with State, local, tribal, and private entities to maximize training potential and to utilize local expertise. 
SEC. 5305. REPORT ON AIR FORCE TRAINING RANGE REQUIREMENTS TO ADDRESS FIFTH GENERATION THREATS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Department of Defense needs to en-sure that air training ranges are properly equipped to prepare pilots for operating in any battlespace where they may have to operate. (2) The ongoing development of anti-aircraft technology among near-peer competitors of the United States, and the proliferation of that technology to a widening array of potential bat-tlefields, necessitates maximum preparedness among United States fighter and bomber pilots. (3) Years of focusing on low intensity stability operations and multiple budget cycles under spending caps have resulted in an under cap-italization of fifth generation training resources. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the needs of the Air Force to ensure pilots can train against the full range of fifth generation threats at training ranges, including— (1) the appropriate mix of live and virtual threats that should be available on the training ranges; (2) the need to have threat representative sim-ulators at those training ranges; (3) the plan to meet those needs; (4) the resources required to meet those needs; and (5) the timeline for meeting those needs. 
SEC. 5306. ANNUAL REPORT ON DIFFERENCES IN SHIP REPAIR CONTRACT AND FINAL DELIVERY COSTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the differences between the final contract and final delivery cost for each ship repair, including a description of any growth work that was added after the contract award and a detailed explanation on why the growth work was not included in original con-tract proposal. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that it is important to create and maintain a stable work load for the defense in-dustrial base at ship repair yards. 
SEC. 5307. REPORT ON AIR FORCE AIRFIELD OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall con-duct an assessment and submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report detailing the operational requirements for Air Force airfields. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An assessment of the state of airfields where runway degradation currently poses a threat to operations and airfields where such degradation threatens operations in the next five and ten years. (2) A description of the operational require-ments for airfields, including an assessment of the impact to operations, cost to repair, cost to replace, remaining useful life, and the required daily maintenance to ensure runways are ac-ceptable for full operations. (3) A description of any challenges with infra-structure acquisition methods and processes. (4) An assessment of the operational impact in the event a runway were to become inoperable due to a major degradation incident, such as a crack or fracture resulting from lack of mainte-nance and repair. (5) A plan to address any shortfalls associated with the Air Force’s runway infrastructure. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex as necessary. TITLE LV—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
SEC. 5501. REPORT ON PARTICIPATION IN THE TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 28, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on participation in the Transition Assist-ance Program under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, by members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Information on the participation of mem-bers of the Armed Forces in the Transition As-sistance Program during 2018, including the fol-lowing: (A) The number of members who were eligible for participation in the Program during 2018, in aggregate and by component of the Armed Forces. (B) The number of members who participated in the Program during 2018, in aggregate and by component of the Armed Forces, for each service as follows: (i) Preseparation counseling provided by the Department of Defense. (ii) Briefings provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. (iii) Employment workshops provided by the Department of Labor. (C) The number of members who did not par-ticipate in the Program during 2018 due to a waiver of the participation requirement under section 114(c)(2) of title 10, United Stats Code, for each service set forth in subparagraph (B). (2) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, considers appropriate to increase participation of members of the Armed Forces in each service set forth in paragraph (1)(B). (3) Assessments of the Transition Assistance Program by members of the Armed Forces who participated in the Program during 2018, includ-ing the following: (A) A summary of the data obtained by the Department of Defense through assessments of the Program by participants in the Program during 2018, including data obtained through the assessments as follows: (i) The Transition Goals Plans Success (GPS) Participant Assessment. (ii) Status of Forces Surveys (SOFS). (B) A summary of the conclusions derived by the Secretary of Defense from the data described in subparagraph (A). (4) Such recommendations for improvements to the Transition Assistance Program as the Sec-retary of Defense considers appropriate in light of the data described by paragraph (3)(A) and the conclusions described by paragraph (3)(B), including recommendations for such legislative or administrative action as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to carry out such improve-ments. SEC. 5502. BRIEFING ON THE STATUS OF THE PLAN OF THE ARMY TO TRANSITION TO NEW INSECTICIDE PRETREATMENTS ON COMBAT UNI-FORMS. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall provide to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a briefing the status of approval of, and any plan to transition to, the use of new insecti-cide pretreatments on combat uniforms. TITLE LVIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-QUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RE-LATED MATTERS 
SEC. 5801. INSTRUCTION ON PILOT PROGRAM RE-GARDING EMPLOYMENT OF PER-SONS WITH DISABILITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulatory Supplement to include an instruc-tion on the pilot program regarding employment of persons with disabilities authorized under section 853 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108– 136; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). 
SEC. 5802. DEVELOPING INNOVATION AND GROW-ING THE INTERNET OF THINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS ; SENSE OF CONGRESS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) the Internet of Things refers to the grow-ing number of connected and interconnected de-vices; (B) estimates indicate that more than 50,000,000,000 devices will be connected to the internet by 2020; (C) the Internet of Things has the potential to generate trillions of dollars in new economic ac-tivity around the world; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4238 June 19, 2018 
(D) businesses across the United States can develop new services and products, improve op-erations, simplify logistics, cut costs, and pass savings on to consumers by utilizing the Inter-net of Things and related innovations; (E) the United States leads the world in the development of technologies that support the internet and the United States technology sector is well-positioned to lead in the development of technologies for the Internet of Things; (F) the United States Government can imple-ment this technology to better deliver services to the public; and (G) the Senate unanimously passed Senate Resolution 110, 114th Congress, agreed to March 24, 2015, calling for a national strategy for the development of the Internet of Things. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that policies governing the Internet of Things should maximize the potential and devel-opment of the Internet of Things to benefit all stakeholders, including businesses, governments, and consumers. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (3) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘steering committee’’ means the steering committee estab-lished under subsection (c)(5). (4) W
ORKING GROUP .—The term ‘‘working group’’ means the working group convened under subsection (c)(1). (c) F
EDERAL WORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall convene a working group of Federal stakeholders for the purpose of providing recommendations and a re-port to Congress relating to the aspects of the Internet of Things described in paragraph (2). (2) D
UTIES .—The working group shall— (A) identify any Federal regulations, statutes, grant practices, budgetary or jurisdictional challenges, and other sector-specific policies that are inhibiting, or could inhibit, the devel-opment of the Internet of Things; (B) consider policies or programs that encour-age and improve coordination among Federal agencies with jurisdiction over the Internet of Things; (C) consider any findings or recommendations made by the steering committee and, where ap-propriate, act to implement those recommenda-tions; and (D) examine— (i) how Federal agencies can benefit from uti-lizing the Internet of Things; (ii) the use of Internet of Things technology by Federal agencies as of the date on which the working group performs the examination; (iii) the preparedness and ability of Federal agencies to adopt Internet of Things technology in the future; and (iv) any additional security measures that Federal agencies may need to take to— (I) safely and securely use the Internet of Things, including measures that ensure the se-curity of critical infrastructure; and (II) enhance the resiliency of Federal systems against cyber threats to the Internet of Things. (3) A
GENCY REPRESENTATIVES .—In convening the working group under paragraph (1), the Secretary may appoint representatives, and shall specifically consider seeking representa-tion, from— (A) the Department of Commerce, including— (i) the National Telecommunications and In-formation Administration; (ii) the National Institute of Standards and Technology; and (iii) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (B) the Department of Transportation; (C) the Department of Homeland Security; (D) the Office of Management and Budget; (E) the National Science Foundation; (F) the Commission; (G) the Federal Trade Commission; (H) the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy; (I) the Department of Energy; and (J) the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion. (4) NONGOVERNMENTAL STAKEHOLDERS .—The working group shall consult with nongovern-mental stakeholders, including— (A) the steering committee; (B) information and communications tech-nology manufacturers, suppliers, service pro-viders, and vendors; (C) subject matter experts representing indus-trial sectors other than the technology sector that can benefit from the Internet of Things, in-cluding the energy, agriculture, and health care sectors; (D) small, medium, and large businesses; (E) think tanks and academia; (F) nonprofit organizations and consumer groups; (G) rural stakeholders; and (H) other stakeholders with relevant expertise, as determined by the Secretary. (5) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department of Commerce a steering committee to advise the working group. (B) D
UTIES .—The steering committee shall ad-vise the working group with respect to— (i) the identification of any Federal regula-tions, statutes, grant practices, programs, budg-etary or jurisdictional challenges, and other sec-tor-specific policies that are inhibiting, or could inhibit, the development of the Internet of Things; (ii) whether adequate spectrum is available to support the growing Internet of Things and what legal or regulatory barriers may exist to providing any spectrum needed in the future; (iii) policies or programs that— (I) promote or are related to the privacy of in-dividuals who use or are affected by the Inter-net of Things; (II) may enhance the security of the Internet of Things, including the security of critical in-frastructure; (III) may protect users of the Internet of Things; and (IV) may encourage coordination among Fed-eral agencies with jurisdiction over the Internet of Things; (iv) the opportunities and challenges associ-ated with the use of Internet of Things tech-nology by small businesses; and (v) any international proceeding, inter-national negotiation, or other international matter affecting the Internet of Things to which the United States is or should be a party. (C) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall ap-point to the steering committee members rep-resenting a wide range of stakeholders outside of the Federal Government with expertise relat-ing to the Internet of Things, including— (i) information and communications tech-nology manufacturers, suppliers, service pro-viders, and vendors; (ii) subject matter experts representing indus-trial sectors other than the technology sector that can benefit from the Internet of Things, in-cluding the energy, agriculture, and health care sectors; (iii) small, medium, and large businesses; (iv) think tanks and academia; (v) nonprofit organizations and consumer groups; (vi) rural stakeholders; and (vii) other stakeholders with relevant exper-tise, as determined by the Secretary. (D) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the steering com-mittee shall submit to the working group a re-port that includes any findings made by, or rec-ommendations of, the steering committee. (E) I
NDEPENDENT ADVICE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The steering committee shall set the agenda of the steering committee in car-rying out the duties of the steering committee under subparagraph (B). (ii) SUGGESTIONS .—The working group may suggest topics or items for the steering committee to study and the steering committee shall take those suggestions into consideration in carrying out the duties of the steering committee. (iii) R
EPORT .—The steering committee shall ensure that the report submitted under subpara-graph (D) is the result of the independent judg-ment of the steering committee. (F) T
ERMINATION .—The steering committee shall terminate on the date on which the work-ing group submits the report under paragraph (6) unless, on or before that date, the Secretary files a new charter for the steering committee under section 9(c) of the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (i) the findings and recommendations of the working group with respect to the duties of the working group under paragraph (2); (ii) the report submitted by the steering com-mittee under paragraph (5)(D), as the report was received by the working group; (iii) recommendations for action or reasons for inaction, as applicable, with respect to each rec-ommendation made by the steering committee in the report submitted under paragraph (5)(D); and (iv) an accounting of any progress made by Federal agencies to implement recommendations made by the working group or the steering com-mittee. (B) C
OPY OF REPORT .—The working group shall submit a copy of the report described in subparagraph (A) to— (i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; and (iii) any other committee of Congress, upon re-quest to the working group. (d) A
SSESSING SPECTRUM NEEDS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission, in con-sultation with the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, shall issue a notice of inquiry seeking public comment on the current, as of the date of enactment of this Act, and future spectrum needs of the Internet of Things. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In issuing the notice of inquiry under paragraph (1), the Commission shall seek comments that consider and evalu-ate— (A) whether adequate spectrum is available to support the growing Internet of Things; (B) what regulatory barriers may exist to pro-viding any needed spectrum for the Internet of Things; and (C) what the role of licensed and unlicensed spectrum is and will be in the growth of the Internet of Things. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report summarizing the comments submitted in response to the no-tice of inquiry issued under paragraph (1). TITLE LIX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 5901. CLARIFICATION OF CERTAIN RISK AS-SESSMENT REQUIREMENTS OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF IN CONNECTION WITH THE NATIONAL MILITARY STRATEGY. 
Section 153(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D)(iii), by striking ‘‘mili-tary strategic and operational risks’’ and insert-ing ‘‘military risk’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘mili-tary strategic and operational risks to United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4239 June 19, 2018 
States interests and the military strategic and operational risks in executing the National Mili-tary Strategy (or update)’’ and inserting ‘‘mili-tary strategic risks to United States interests and military risks in executing the National Military Strategy (or update)’’. TITLE LX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 6001. BUSINESS CASE ANALYSIS OF READY RESERVE FORCE RECAPITALIZATION OPTIONS. 
(a) B USINESS CASEANALYSIS REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall, in consultation with the Administrator of the Maritime Administration and the Com-mander of United States Transportation Com-mand, submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report setting forth a business case analysis of recapitalization options for the Ready Reserve Force (RRF). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The business case analysis re-quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) Each sealift capability area, and the asso-ciated capacity, for which Ready Reserve Force vessels are required to be recapitalized through fiscal year 2048. (2) The categories of vessels being considered in each area specified pursuant to paragraph (1), including the following: (A) United States purpose-built vessels (such as Common Hull Auxiliary Multi-mission Plat-form). (B) United States non-purpose built vessels (such as vessels formerly engaged in Jones Act trade). (C) Foreign-built vessels that participated in the Maritime Security Program. (D) Foreign-built vessels that did not partici-pate in the Maritime Security Program. (3) For each category of vessel specified pur-suant to paragraph (2), the following: (A) Anticipated availability of vessels within such category in the timeframe needed to meet United States Transportation Command sealift requirements. (B) Anticipated purchase price, if applicable. (C) Anticipated cost and scope of moderniza-tion. (D) Anticipated duration of modernization pe-riod. (E) Anticipated service life as a Ready Reserve Force vessel. (F) Anticipated military utility. (G) Ability of one such vessel to replace more than one existing Ready Reserve Force vessel. (4) A cost-benefit determination on the mix of capabilities and vessels identified pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (3) that could ensure United States Transportation Command sealift requirements are met through fiscal year 2048, which determination shall include a comparison of the useful service life of each category of ves-sels specified pursuant to paragraph (2) with the costs of such category of vessels. 
SEC. 6002. TRANSFER OF EXCESS NAVAL VESSEL TO BAHRAIN. 
(a) T RANSFER BY GRANT.—The President is authorized to transfer to the Government of Bahrain the OLIVER HAZARD PERRY class guided missile frigate ex-USS ROBERT G. BRADLEY (FFG–49) on a grant basis under sec-tion 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j). (b) G
RANT NOTCOUNTED IN ANNUAL TOTAL OF  T
RANSFERRED EXCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—The value of the vessel transferred to the Govern-ment of Bahrain on a grant basis pursuant to authority provided by subsection (a) shall not be counted against the aggregate value of excess defense articles transferred in any fiscal year under section 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j). (c) C
OSTS OF TRANSFER .—Any expense in-curred by the United States in connection with the transfer authorized by this section shall be charged to the Government of Bahrain notwith-standing section 516(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j(e)). (d) REPAIR AND REFURBISHMENT IN UNITED  S
TATES SHIPYARDS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the President shall require, as a condition of the transfer of a vessel under this section, that the Government of Bahrain have such repair or refurbishment of the vessel as is needed, before the vessel joins the naval forces of that country, performed at a shipyard located in the United States, including a United States Navy shipyard. (e) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—The author-ity to transfer a vessel under this section shall expire at the end of the three-year period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6003. MEMBERS OF PANEL CONDUCTING RE-VIEW OF MILITARY AVIATION READI-NESS IN SUPPORT OF THE NA-TIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY. 
Notwithstanding subparagraph (C) of section 1044(b)(2), the official who shall be referred to in that subparagraph is the Commander, Naval Air Forces. 
SEC. 6004. STUDY ON PHASING OUT OPEN BURN PITS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) details of any ongoing use of open burn pits; and (2) the feasibility of phasing out the use of open burn pits by using technology incinerators. (b) O
PENBURNPITDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘open burn pit’’ means an area of land— (1) that is designated by the Secretary of De-fense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and (2) does not contain a commercially manufac-tured incinerator or other equipment specifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. 
SEC. 6005. AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPEN BURN PIT REGISTRY. 
Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out an annual education campaign to inform individuals who may be eli-gible to enroll in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry of such eligibility. Each such campaign shall include at least one elec-tronic method and one physical mailing method to provide such information. 
SEC. 6006. IMPROVING SMALL BUSINESS LOAN PROGRAMS FOR EMPLOYEE-OWNED BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘Administration’’ and ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ mean the Small Business Administration and the Administrator thereof, respectively; (2) the term ‘‘cooperative’’ has the meaning given the term in section 7(a)(35) of the Small Business Act, as added by subsection (b); (3) the term ‘‘employee-owned business con-cern’’ means— (A) a cooperative; and (B) a qualified employee trust; (4) the terms ‘‘qualified employee trust’’ and ‘‘small business concern’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and (5) the term ‘‘small business development cen-ter’’ means a small business development center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648). (b) E
XPANSION OF 7(A) LOANS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (15)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘this subsection to qualified employee trusts’’ and inserting ‘‘this sub-section— ‘‘(i) to qualified employee trusts’’; (II) in clause (i), as so designated— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, and for any transaction costs associated with purchasing,’’ after ‘‘pur-chasing’’; (bb) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) to a small business concern under a plan approved by the Administrator, if the proceeds from the loan are only used to make a loan to a qualified employee trust, and for any trans-action costs associated with making that loan, that results in the qualified employee trust own-ing at least 51 percent of the small business con-cern.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘or by the small business concern’’ after ‘‘the trustee of such trust’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) with respect to a loan made to a trust, or to a cooperative in accordance with para-graph (35)— ‘‘(I) a seller of the small business concern may remain involved as an officer, director, or key employee of the small business concern when a qualified employee trust or cooperative has ac-quired 100 percent of ownership of the small business concern; and ‘‘(II) any seller of the small business concern who remains as an owner of the small business concern, regardless of the percentage of owner-ship interest, shall be required to provide a per-sonal guarantee by the Administration.’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A small business concern that makes a loan to a qualified employee trust under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) is not required to contain the same terms and conditions as the loan made to the small business concern that is guaranteed by the Administration under such subparagraph. ‘‘(G) With respect to a loan made to a quali-fied employee trust under this paragraph, or to a cooperative in accordance with paragraph (35), the Administrator may, as determined ap-propriate by the Administrator, elect to not re-quire any mandatory equity to be provided by the qualified employee trust or cooperative to make the loan.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(35) LOANS TO COOPERATIVES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘cooperative’ means an entity that is deter-mined to be a cooperative by the Administrator, in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws and regulations. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—The Administration shall guarantee loans made to a cooperative for the purpose described in paragraph (15).’’. (2) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO PREFERRED  
LENDERS .—Section 5(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634(b)(7)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including loans guaranteed under paragraph (15) or (35) of section 7(a)’’ after ‘‘deferred par-ticipation loans’’. (c) S
MALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY  P
ROGRAM OUTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational materials to companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 681(c)) to increase the use of funds to make in-vestments in company transitions to employee- owned business concerns. (d) S
MALL BUSINESS MICROLOAN PROGRAM  O
UTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational materials to inter-mediaries under section 7(m) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) to increase the use of funds to make loans to employee-owned business concerns, including transitions to employee- owned business concerns. (e) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER  O
UTREACH AND ASSISTANCE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a Small Business Employee Ownership and Cooperatives Promotion Program to offer technical assistance and training on the transi-tion to employee ownership through coopera-tives and qualified employee trusts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4240 June 19, 2018 
(2) S MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the program established under paragraph (1), the Adminis-trator shall enter into agreements with small business development centers under which the centers shall— (i) provide access to information and resources on employee ownership through cooperatives or qualified employee trusts as a business succes-sion strategy; (ii) conduct training and educational activi-ties; and (iii) carry out the activities described in sub-paragraph (U) of section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)), as added by subparagraph (B). (B) A
DDITIONAL SERVICES .—Section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (S), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (T), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(U) encouraging and assisting the provision of succession planning to small business con-cerns with a focus on transitioning to coopera-tives, as defined in section 7(a)(35), and quali-fied employee trusts (collectively referred to in this subparagraph as ‘employee-owned business concerns’), including by— ‘‘(i) providing training to individuals to pro-mote the successful management, governance, or operation of a business purchased by those indi-viduals in the formation of an employee-owned business concern; ‘‘(ii) assisting employee-owned business con-cerns that meet applicable size standards estab-lished under section 3(a) with education and technical assistance with respect to financing and contracting programs administered by the Administration; ‘‘(iii) coordinating with lenders on conducting outreach on financing through programs admin-istered by the Administration that may be used to support the transition of ownership to em-ployees; ‘‘(iv) supporting small business concerns in exploring or assessing the possibility of transitioning to an employee-owned business concern; and ‘‘(v) coordinating with the cooperative devel-opment centers of the Department of Agri-culture, the land grant extension network, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, commu-nity development financial institutions, em-ployee ownership associations and service pro-viders, and local, regional and national cooper-ative associations.’’. (f) I
NTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator or a designee of the Administrator shall coordinate and chair an interagency working group, which shall— (A) develop recommendations on how Federal programs can promote, support, and increase the number of employee-owned business con-cerns; (B) ensure coordination with Federal agencies and national and local employee ownership, co-operative, and small business organizations; and (C) publish a report on the activities of the interagency working group that is indexed and maintained for public review. (2) M
EETINGS .—The interagency working group described in paragraph (1) shall meet in person or via electronic resources at such times as determined necessary by the Administrator, but not less frequently than biannually. (g) A
MENDMENT TO REPORT TO CONGRESS ON  S
TATUS OF EMPLOYEE -OWNED FIRMS.—Section 7(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(15)), as amended by this section, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘Admin-istration.’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the total number of loans made to co-operatives and qualified employee trusts (collec-tively referred to in this subparagraph as ‘em-ployee-owned business concerns’) that were guaranteed by the Administrator under this sec-tion or section 502 of the Small Business Invest-ment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696), including the number of loans made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; ‘‘(ii) the total number of financings made to employee-owned business concerns by companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(c)), including the number of financings made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; and ‘‘(iii) any outreach and educational activities conducted by the Administration with respect to employee-owned business concerns.’’; and (A) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘cooperative’ has the meaning given the term in paragraph (35); and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals’ has the meaning given the term in section 8(d)(3)(C).’’. (h) REPORT ON COOPERATIVE LENDING .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that cooperatives have a unique busi-ness structure and are unable to access the lend-ing programs of the Administration effectively due to loan guarantee requirements that are in-compatible with the business structure of co-operatives. (2) S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Administrator, in coordina-tion with lenders, stakeholders, and Federal agencies, shall study and recommend practical alternatives for cooperatives that will satisfy the loan guarantee requirements of the Administra-tion. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress the recommenda-tions developed under paragraph (1) and a plan to implement those recommendations. 
SEC. 6007. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW OF EFFECT OF OTHER-THAN-HONORABLE DIS-CHARGES ON VETERAN EMPLOY-MENT OUTCOMES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall, in consultation with the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Labor, complete a review of the ef-fect of discharges and releases from service in the active military, naval, or air service under conditions other than honorable on employment outcomes for veterans who were so discharged or released. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the effect of a discharge or release described in subsection (a) on a vet-eran’s employment outcomes. (2) Development of recommendations for legis-lative or administrative action to reduce the negative effect of such a discharge or release on employment outcomes, including potential edu-cational campaigns. (3) An assessment of agency outreach or other relevant efforts to inform veterans of their abil-ity to seek a change to their character of dis-charge through a discharge review board. (4) An assessment of the progress of the Sec-retary of Defense in implementing the rec-ommendations of the Comptroller General pub-lished in the Government Accountability Office report GAO–17–260 in May of 2017 on actions needed to ensure post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury are considered in misconduct separations. (5) A review and development of recommended areas for improvement in the implementation by the Department of Defense of its August 25, 2017, clarifying guidance to Military Discharge Review Boards and Board for Correction of Military/Naval Records related to mental health conditions, sexual assault, or sexual harass-ment. Such review shall include identifying sta-tistics on the number of upgrades and discharge reliefs requested and granted and the average timeframe for review of such requests. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Comptroller General com-pletes the review required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the review. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘active military, naval, or air service’’, ‘‘dis-charge or release’’, and ‘‘veteran’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 6008. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON AVAILABILITY OF LONG-TERM CARE OPTIONS FOR VETERANS FROM DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the availability of long-term care options from the Department of Veterans Affairs for veterans with combat-related disabilities, including vet-erans who served in the Armed Forces after Sep-tember 11, 2001. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required by sub-section (a) shall— (1) determine the potential demand for long- term care by veterans eligible for health care from the Department; (2) determine the capacity of the Department for providing all four levels of long-term care, which are independent living, assisted living, nursing home care, and memory care; (3) identify the number of veterans with com-bat-related disabilities who require a personal care assistant and which facilities of the De-partment provide this service; and (4) examine the value of long-term care bene-fits provided by the Department, including per-sonal care assistant services, to identify the po-tential elements of a pilot program that affords aging veterans the choice of receiving long-term care benefits at nonprofit continuing care retire-ment communities. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the study conducted under this section. 
SEC. 6009. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO SOO LOCKS, SAULT SAINTE MARIE, MICHIGAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Soo Locks in Sault Ste. Marie, Michi-gan, are of critical importance to the national security of the United States; (2) the Soo Locks are the only waterway con-nection from Lake Superior to the Lower Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence Seaway; (3) only the Poe Lock is of sufficient size to allow for the passage of the largest cargo vessels that transport well over 90 percent of all iron ore mined in the United States, and this lock is nearing the end of its 50-year useful lifespan; (4) a report issued by the Office of Cyber and Infrastructure Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security concluded that an unsched-uled 6-month outage of the Poe Lock would cause— (A) a dramatic increase in national and re-gional unemployment; and (B) 75 percent of Great Lakes steel production, and nearly all North American appliance, auto-mobile, railcar, and construction, farm, and mining equipment production to cease; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4241 June 19, 2018 
(5) the Corps of Engineers is reevaluating a past economic evaluation report to update the benefit-to-cost ratio for building a new lock at the Soo Locks; and (6) the Secretary of the Army and all relevant Federal agencies should— (A) expedite the completion of the report de-scribed in paragraph (5) and ensure the analysis adequately reflects the critical importance of the Soo Locks infrastructure to the national secu-rity and economy of the United States; and (B) expedite all other necessary reviews, anal-ysis, and approvals needed to speed the required upgrades at the Soo Locks. TITLE LXI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
SEC. 6101. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM SCHOLAR-SHIPS AND GRANTS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—Section 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by inserting before ‘‘In the selection’’ the following: ‘‘(a) C
ENTERS OF ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE IN  C
YBER EDUCATION .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU-
CATION .—In the selection of a recipient for the award of a scholarship or grant under this chapter, consideration shall be given to wheth-er— ‘‘(1) in the case of a scholarship, the institu-tion of higher education at which the recipient pursues a degree is an institution described in section 371(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)); and ‘‘(2) in the case of a grant, the recipient is an institution described in such section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 112 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2200c and inserting the following new item: ‘‘2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants.’’. Subtitle LXII—Matters Relating to Foreign Nations 
SEC. 6201. COORDINATION OF EFFORTS TO NEGO-TIATE FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN SUB-SAHARAN AFRI-CAN COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation shall consult and coordinate with the United States Trade Representative and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment with respect to countries described in subsection (b) for the purpose of developing and carrying out the plan required by section 116(b) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723(b)). (b) C
OUNTRIES DESCRIBED .—A country is de-scribed in this paragraph if the country— (1) is identified under section 110(b)(1) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 19 U.S.C. 3705 note); and (2)(A) has entered into a Millennium Chal-lenge Compact pursuant to section 609 of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708); or (B) is selected by the Board of Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation under sub-section (c) of section 607 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 7706) from among the countries determined to be eligible countries under subsection (a) of that section. SEC. 6202. TREATMENT OF RWANDAN PATRIOTIC FRONT AND RWANDAN PATRIOTIC ARMY UNDER IMMIGRATION AND NA-TIONALITY ACT. 
(a) R EMOVAL OF TREATMENT AS TERRORIST  O
RGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the Rwandan Patriotic Front and the Rwandan Patriotic Army shall be excluded from the definition of terrorist organization (as de-fined in section 212(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III))) for purposes of such sec-tion 212(a)(3)(B) for any period before August 1, 1994. (2) E
XCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity and the Attorney General, or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, as applicable, may suspend the appli-cation of paragraph (1) for the Rwandan Patri-otic Front or the Rwandan Patriotic Army in the sole and unreviewable discretion of such ap-plicable Secretary. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than, or contempora-neously with, a suspension of paragraph (1) under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as appli-cable, shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report on the justification for such suspension. (b) R
ELIEF FROMINADMISSIBILITY .— (1) A
CTIVITIES BEFORE AUGUST 1 , 1994.—Section 212(a)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)) shall not apply to an alien with respect to any activity undertaken by the alien in association with the Rwandan Patriotic Front or the Rwandan Patriotic Army before August 1, 1994. (2) E
XCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply if the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as applicable, determines in the sole unreviewable discretion of such ap-plicable Secretary that, in the totality of the cir-cumstances, such alien— (i) poses a threat to the safety and security of the United States; or (ii) does not merit a visa, admission to the United States, or a grant of an immigration ben-efit or protection. (B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall be implemented by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Attorney General. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 6203. SYRIAN WAR CRIMES ACCOUNT-ABILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) March 2017 marks the sixth year of the on-going conflict in Syria. (2) As of February 2017— (A) more than 13,000,000 people are in need of humanitarian assistance in Syria; (B) approximately 6,600,000 people are dis-placed from their homes inside Syria; and (C) approximately 5,600,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring countries as refugees. (3) Since the conflict in Syria began, the United States has provided more than $8,000,000,000 to meet humanitarian needs in Syria, making the United States the world’s sin-gle largest donor by far to the Syrian humani-tarian response. (4) In response to growing concerns over sys-temic human rights violations in Syria, the Independent International Commission of In-quiry on the Syrian Arab Republic (referred to in this subsection as ‘‘COI’’) was established on August 22, 2011. The purpose of COI is to ‘‘in-vestigate all alleged violations of international human rights law since March 2011 in the Syr-ian Arab Republic, to establish the facts and circumstances that may amount to such viola-tions and of the crimes perpetrated and, where possible, to identify those responsible with a view to ensuring that perpetrators of violations, including those that may constitute crimes against humanity, are held accountable’’. (5) On December 21, 2016, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution to estab-lish the International, Impartial and Inde-pendent Mechanism to Assist in the Investiga-tion and Prosecution of Those Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011. (6) In 2017, then Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated ‘‘ISIS is clearly responsible for genocide against Yezidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims in areas it controls or has controlled. ISIS is also responsible for crimes against hu-manity and ethnic cleansing directed at these same groups, and in some cases against Sunni Muslims, Kurds, and other minorities . . . . The protection of these groups, and others subject to violent extremism, is a human rights priority for the Trump administration.’’. (7) On February 7, 2017, Amnesty Inter-national reported that between 5,000 and 13,000 people were extrajudicially executed in the Saydnaya Military Prison between September 2011 and December 2015. (8) In February 2017, COI released a report— (A) stating that a joint United Nations-Syrian Arab Red Crescent convoy in Orum al-Kubra, Syria, was attacked by air on September 19, 2016; (B) explaining that the attack killed at least 14 civilian aid workers, injured at least 15 oth-ers, and destroyed trucks, food, medicine, clothes, and other supplies; and (C) concluding that ‘‘the attack was meticu-lously planned and ruthlessly carried out by the Syrian air force to purposefully hinder the de-livery of humanitarian aid and target aid work-ers, constituting the war crimes of deliberately attacking humanitarian relief personnel, denial of humanitarian aid and targeting civilians.’’. (9) On October 26, 2017, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons-United Nations Joint Investigative Mechanism trans-mitted its sixth report, which concluded that the Syrian Arab Armed Forces and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) have both used chem-ical weapons against villages in Syria, including the use of sarin by the forces of the Government of Syria in Khan Sheikhoun in April 2017. (10) On August 8, 2017, COI released a report stating that certain offenses, including delib-erately attacking hospitals, holding back hu-manitarian aid as a tactic to control civilian populations, and the continued use of chemical weapons against civilians, constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity. (11) Physicians for Human Rights reported that, between March 2011 and the end of Decem-ber 2017, Syrian government and allied forces— (A) had committed 446 attacks on 330 separate medical facilities (including through the use of indiscriminate barrel bombs on at least 80 occa-sions); and (B) had killed 847 medical personnel. (12) The Department of State’s 2017 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices— (A) states that President Bashar al-Assad ‘‘engaged in frequent violations and abuses, in-cluding massacres, indiscriminate killings, kid-napping of civilians, arbitrary detentions, and rape as a war tactic.’’; (B) explains that ‘‘these attacks included bombardment with improvised explosive devices, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4242 June 19, 2018 
commonly referred to as ‘barrel bombs’ . . .’’; and (C) reports that ‘‘[t]he government [of Syria] continued the use of torture and rape, including of children’’. (13) In February 2016, COI reported that— (A) ‘‘crimes against humanity continue to be committed by [Syrian] Government forces and by ISIS’’; (B) the Syrian government has ‘‘committed the crimes against humanity of extermination, murder, rape or other forms of sexual violence, torture, imprisonment, enforce disappearance and other inhuman acts’’; and (C) ‘‘[a]ccountability for these and other crimes must form part of any political solution’’. (14) Credible civil society organizations col-lecting evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria report that at least 12 countries in western Europe and North America have requested assistance on inves-tigating such crimes. (15) In April 2018, the COI— (A) reported at least 34 chemical attacks dur-ing the period beginning in 2013 and ending in January 2018, many of which— (i) used chlorine or sarin, a nerve agent; and (ii) were conducted by the Government of Syria. (16) According to the World Health Organiza-tion, following the April 7, 2018, chemical weap-ons attack in Douma, Eastern Ghouta, an esti-mated 500 people were treated for ‘‘signs and symptoms consistent with exposure to toxic chemicals’’. (17) On April 13, 2018, United States Ambas-sador to the United States Nikki Haley stated: ‘‘The United States estimates that Assad has used chemical weapons in the Syrian war at least 50 times. Public estimates are as high as 200.’’ (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) strongly condemns— (A) the ongoing violence, use of chemical weapons, targeting of civilian populations with barrel, incendiary, and cluster bombs and SCUD missiles, and systematic gross human rights vio-lations carried out by the Government of Syria and pro-government forces under the direction of President Bashar al-Assad; and (B) all abuses committed by violent extremist groups and other combatants involved in the civil war in Syria; (2) expresses its support for the people of Syria seeking democratic change; (3) urges all parties to the conflict— (A) to immediately halt indiscriminate attacks on civilians; (B) to allow for the delivery of humanitarian and medical assistance; and (C) to end sieges of civilian populations; (4) calls on the President to support efforts in Syria, and on the part of the international com-munity, to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide com-mitted during the conflict; and (5) supports the request in United Nations Se-curity Council Resolutions 2139 (2014), 2165 (2014), and 2191 (2014) for the Secretary-General to regularly report to the Security Council on implementation on the resolutions, including of paragraph 2 of Resolution 2139, which ‘‘de-mands that all parties immediately put an end to all forms of violence [and] cease and desist from all violations of international humani-tarian law and violations and abuses of human rights’’. (c) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR C
RIMES , CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY , ANDGENO-
CIDE IN SYRIA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria to the appro-priate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and another such report not later than 180 days after the Secretary of State determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. (2) ELEMENTS .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated during the civil war in Syria, including— (i) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; (ii) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other combatants in the con-flict; (iii) any incidents that may violate the prin-ciple of medical neutrality and, if possible, the identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (iv) if possible, a description of the conven-tional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; and (B) a description and assessment by the De-partment of State Office of Global Criminal Jus-tice, the United States Agency for International Development, the Department of Justice, and other appropriate agencies of programs that the United States Government has undertaken to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, violent extremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (i) to train investigators within and outside of Syria on how to document, investigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged per-petrators of war crimes, crimes against human-ity, or genocide, including— (I) the number of United States Government or contract personnel currently designated to work full-time on these issues; and (II) the identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support such train-ing efforts; (ii) to promote and prepare for a transitional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011; (iii) to document, collect, preserve, and protect evidence of war crimes, crimes against human-ity, and genocide in Syria, including support for Syrian, foreign, and international nongovern-mental organizations, and other entities, includ-ing the International, Impartial and Inde-pendent Mechanism to Assist in the Investiga-tion and Prosecution of Persons Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011 and the Independent Inter-national Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic; and (iv) to assess the influence of accountability measures on efforts to reach a negotiated settle-ment to the Syrian conflict during the reporting period. (3) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) may be submitted in unclassified or classified form, but shall include a publicly available annex. (4) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI -
DENCE .—The Secretary shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly disclosed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the destruction of evidence by the Government of Syria, violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, or any other combatants or participants in the conflict. (d) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and offices, which may in-clude the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Jus-tice, the United States Agency for International Development, and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall— (1) complete a study of the feasibility and de-sirability of potential transitional justice mecha-nisms for Syria, including a hybrid tribunal, to address war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Syria beginning in March 2011; and (2) submit a detailed report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), in-cluding recommendations on which transitional justice mechanisms the United States Govern-ment should support, why such mechanisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered, to— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (e) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State (act-ing through appropriate officials and offices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice and other appropriate Federal agen-cies, is authorized to provide appropriate assist-ance to support entities that, with respect to war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide perpetrated by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, all forces fighting on its be-half, and all non-state armed groups fighting in the country, including violent extremist groups in Syria beginning in March 2011— (A) identify suspected perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide; (B) collect, document, and protect evidence of crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence; (C) conduct criminal investigations; (D) build Syria’s investigative and judicial ca-pacities and support prosecutions in the domes-tic courts of Syria, provided that President Bashar al-Assad is no longer in power; (E) support investigations by third-party states, as appropriate; or (F) protect witnesses that may be helpful to prosecutions or other transitional justice mecha-nisms. (2) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State, after consultation with appropriate Fed-eral agencies and the appropriate congressional committees, and taking into account the find-ings of the transitional justice study required under subsection (e), is authorized to provide assistance to support the creation and operation of transitional justice mechanisms, including a potential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute individ-uals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Syria begin-ning in March 2011. (3) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of State shall provide detailed, biannual briefings to the ap-propriate congressional committees describing the assistance provided to entities described in paragraph (1). (f) S
TATE DEPARTMENT REWARDS FOR JUSTICE  P
ROGRAM .—Section 36(b)(10) of the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(b)(10)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(in-cluding war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed in Syria beginning in March 2011)’’ after ‘‘genocide’’. (g) I
NDEPENDENT INTERNATIONAL COMMISSION  
OFINQUIRY ON THE SYRIAN ARABREPUBLIC .— The Secretary of State, acting through the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, should use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Na-tions to advocate that the United Nations Human Rights Council, while the United States remains a member, annually extend the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic until the Commission has completed its investigation of all alleged violations of international human rights laws beginning in March 2011 in the Syr-ian Arab Republic. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4243 June 19, 2018 
(h) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (2) G
ENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘genocide’’ means any offense described in section 1091(a) of title 18, United States Code. (3) H
YBRID TRIBUNAL .—The term ‘‘hybrid tri-bunal’’ means a temporary criminal tribunal that involves a combination of domestic and international lawyers, judges, and other profes-sionals to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against human-ity, or genocide. (4) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—The term ‘‘transi-tional justice’’ means the range of judicial, non-judicial, formal, informal, retributive, and re-storative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes— (A) to redress legacies of atrocities; and (B) to promote long-term, sustainable peace. (5) W
AR CRIME .—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 6204. CLARIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON THE TRANSFER OF THE F–35 TO TUR-KEY. 
The limitation on the transfer of the F–35 to Turkey in section 1269(c) shall apply to the transfer or delivery of that aircraft to Turkey rather than to the transfer of title for that air-craft to Turkey. 
SEC. 6205. REPORT ON HONDURAS, GUATEMALA, AND EL SALVADOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report regarding narcotics trafficking corruption and illicit campaign fi-nance in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Sal-vador. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the names of senior government officials in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have committed or facilitated acts of grand corruption or narcotics trafficking; (2) the names of elected officials in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have received campaign funds that are the pro-ceeds of narco-trafficking or other illicit activi-ties in the last 2 years; and (3) the names of individuals in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have facilitated the financing of political cam-paigns in any of the Northern Triangle coun-tries with the proceeds of narco-trafficking or other illicit activities in the last 2 years. (c) F
ORM.—The report submitted under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 6206. REPORT ON ARMS EMBARGO ON CY-PRUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the current impact of the United States arms embargo on the Re-public of Cyprus. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of items that have been requested by Cyprus from the United States, but have been denied under the arms embargo referred to in such subsection. (2) An analysis of the impact that lifting the arms embargo would have on United States in-terests related to the island of Cyprus and the Eastern Mediterranean region. (3) An analysis of how the arms embargo is being complied with in areas controlled by Cy-prus, and in occupied northern Cyprus, and whether any party has violated the letter or spirit of the arms embargo. (4) An analysis of how the arms embargo against Cyprus impacts the ability of the United States and its partners to combat threats in the Mediterranean region. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. TITLE LXVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
SEC. 6601. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO CER-TAIN CYBERSPACE MATTERS. 
(a) S COPE OF POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES  
ONCYBERSPACE , CYBERSECURITY , CYBER WAR-
FARE, ANDCYBER DETERRENCE .—The policy of the United States on cyberspace, cybersecurity, cyber warfare, and cyber deterrence under sec-tion 1621(a) shall apply to cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities described in that sec-tion by a foreign power rather than to any cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities de-scribed in that section. (b) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY TO DISRUPT , DEFEAT , 
AND DETER CYBER ATTACKS OF THE RUSSIAN  F
EDERATION .—The authority to disrupt, defeat, and deter cyber attacks of the Russian Federa-tion in section 1623(a)(1) shall apply to author-ity to take appropriate and proportional action described in that section in foreign cyberspace rather than in any cyberspace. 
SEC. 6602. TIER 1 EXERCISE OF SUPPORT TO CIVIL AUTHORITIES FOR A CYBER INCIDENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commander of the United States Cyber Command, the Commander of United States Northern Command, and such other commands or components of the Depart-ment of Defense as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate, shall, consistent with the recommendations made by the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States in the Government Ac-countability Office report GAO–16–574, conduct a tier 1 exercise of support to civil authorities for a cyber incident. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The exercise required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Department level leadership and decision- making for providing cyber support to civil au-thorities. (2) Testing of the policy, guidance, doctrine and other elements in the Department of De-fense Cyber Incident Coordinating Procedure. (3) Operational planning and execution by the Joint Staff and supported and supporting com-batant commands. (4) Coordination with, and incorporation of, as appropriate, the Department of Homeland Se-curity, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and elements across Federal and State governments and the private sector. 
SEC. 6603. REPORT ON STRENGTHENING NATO CYBER DEFENSE. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Department of Defense should continue to cooperate with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and key Organiza-tion allies in order to promote the common de-fense in the cyberspace domain as well as to deter cyberattacks. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the Department’s efforts to enhance the United States’ leadership and collaboration with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization with respect to the development of a comprehen-sive, cross-domain strategy to build cyber-de-fense capacity and deter cyber attacks among Organization member countries. (2) CONTENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall address the following: (A) Improving cyber situational awareness among Organization member countries. (B) Implementation of the cyber operational- domain roadmap of the Organization with re-spect to doctrine, political oversight and govern-ance, planning, rules of engagement, and inte-gration across member countries. (C) Planned cooperative efforts to combat in-formation warfare across Organization member countries. (D) The development of cyber capabilities, in-cluding cooperative development efforts and technology transfer. (E) Supporting stronger cyber partnerships with non-Organization member countries as ap-propriate. 
SEC. 6604. BRIEFING ON CYBER EDUCATION AND TRAINING. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) traditional approaches to cyber training focused solely on tactics, techniques, and proce-dures that hackers have used in the past may be inadequate for the challenges facing the cyber workforce of the Department of Defense because they fail to focus on future threats; (2) such workforce encounters an information gap when conducting training derived from events that have already occurred rather than training developed for the evolving nature of cyber threats in real time, and cyber certifi-cations such as Security + and CISSP are based on preventing vulnerabilities, exploits, and gaps identified in the past and lose relevance depend-ing on when the courseware was updated; (3) bridging the gap in cyber training between curriculum that has been built on legacy data versus training built on current real world cyberattacks is a meaningful area of cyber training research, curriculum development, and instruction delivery that should be addressed; and (4) universities and private industry are, and will continue to be, critical partners in the edu-cation and training of our future cyber force, and developing partnerships with such univer-sities and industry will be crucial in staying in-formed of the latest best practices in the cyber domain. (b) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on how the Department of De-fense can leverage and partner with universities and industry on cyber education and training. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by sub-section (a) shall include discussion of the fol-lowing: (1) Current partnerships and ability to expand and leverage such partnerships to improve cyber education and training. (2) Existing curriculum relating to cyber edu-cation and training and recommendations for changes to ensure relevance of such education and training to future threats. (3) Joint development of curriculum, courseware, and research projects. (4) Joint use of instructors and of facilities. (5) Recommendations for legislative or admin-istrative action to improve cyber education and training partnerships. 
SEC. 6605. REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OF LONG- RANGE STAND-OFF WEAPON. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4244 June 19, 2018 
and every 180 days thereafter until December 31, 2024, the Secretary of the Air Force shall, in co-ordination with the Administrator for Nuclear Security, submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the joint develop-ment of the long-range stand-off weapon, in-cluding the missile developed by the Air Force and the W80–4 warhead life extension program conducted by the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An estimate of the date on which the long- range stand-off weapon will reach initial oper-ating capability. (2) A description of any development mile-stones for the missile developed by the Air Force or the warhead developed by the National Nu-clear Security Administration that depend on corresponding progress at the other agency. (3) A description of coordination efforts be-tween the Air Force and the National Nuclear Security Administration during the 180 days preceding submission of the report. (4) A description of any schedule delays pro-jected by the Air Force or the National Nuclear Security Administration and the anticipated ef-fect such delays would have on the other agen-cy’s schedule of work. (5) Plans to mitigate the effects of any delays described in paragraph (4). (6) A description of any ways, including through the availability of additional funding or authorities, in which the development mile-stones described in paragraph (2) or the esti-mated date of initial operating capability re-ferred to in paragraph (1), could be achieved more quickly. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. TITLE LXVII—COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 6701. INEFFECTIVENESS OF SECTION 1727. 
Section 1727, relating to a prohibition on modification of civil penalties under export con-trol and sanctions laws, shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 6702. PROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF CIVIL PENALTIES UNDER EXPORT CONTROL AND SANCTIONS LAWS AND PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIP-MENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF PEN-
ALTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal official may modify any penalty, including a penalty imposed pur-suant to a denial order, implemented by the Government of the United States with respect to a Chinese telecommunications company pursu-ant to a determination that the company has violated an export control or sanctions law of the United States until the date that is 30 days after the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the company— (A) has not, for a period of one year, con-ducted activities in violation of the laws of the United States; and (B) is fully cooperating with investigations into the activities of the company conducted by the Government of the United States, if any. (2) R
EINSTATEMENT OF PENALTIES OR SUS -
PENDED ORDER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If, before the date of the en-actment of this Act, any penalty imposed pursu-ant to the order of the Acting Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Export Enforcement en-titled ‘‘Order Activating Suspended Denial Order Relating to Zhongxing Telecommuni-cations Equipment Corporation and ZTE Kangxun Telecommunications Ltd.’’ (83 Fed. Reg. 17644), and dated April 15, 2018, is reduced or eliminated, or that order is suspended, on such date of enactment, that penalty shall be reinstated to the penalty in place before such re-duction or elimination, or that order shall be re-instated, as the case may be. (B) ADDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS .—Any modi-fication to a penalty imposed pursuant to the order described in subparagraph (A) on or after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be subject to the requirements of paragraph (1). (b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OR PROCUREMENT .— The head of an executive agency may not— (1) procure or obtain or extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain any equipment, system, or service that uses covered tele-communications equipment or services as a sub-stantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system; or (2) enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) with an entity that uses any equip-ment, system, or service that uses covered tele-communications equipment or services as a sub-stantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON LOAN AND GRANT F
UNDS.—The head of an executive agency may not obligate or expend loan or grant funds to procure or obtain, extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain, or enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) to procure or obtain the equipment, services, or systems described in subsection (b). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATES.—The prohibitions under subsection (b)(1) and subsection (c) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and the prohibition under sub-section (b)(2) shall take effect three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in sub-section (b) or (c) shall be construed to— (1) prohibit the head of an executive agency from procuring with an entity to provide a serv-ice that connects to the facilities of a third- party, such as backhaul, roaming, or inter-connection arrangements; or (2) cover telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traffic or per-mit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘covered foreign country’’ means the People’s Republic of China. (3) C
OVERED TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT  
OR SERVICES .—The term ‘‘covered telecommuni-cations equipment or services’’ means any of the following: (A) Telecommunications equipment produced by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Cor-poration (or any subsidiary or affiliate of such entities). (B) Telecommunications services provided by such entities or using such equipment. (C) Telecommunications equipment or services produced or provided by an entity that the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Di-rector of the National Intelligence or the Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, rea-sonably believes to be an entity owned or con-trolled by, or otherwise connected to, the gov-ernment of a covered foreign country. (4) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 133 of title 41, United States Code. (g) T
REATMENT OF PROVISION RELATING TO  P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS  E
QUIPMENT .—Section 891, relating to a prohibi-tion on certain telecommunications equipment, shall have no force or effect. TITLE LXXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 6801. CLARIFICATION TO INCLUDE NA-TIONAL GUARD INSTALLATIONS IN READINESS AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION INTEGRATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) State-owned National Guard installations have always qualified as military installations under section 2684a of title 10, United States Code; and (2) State-owned National Guard installations should continue to qualify as military installa-tions under section 2684a of that section. (b) C
LARIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2684a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, as well as a State-owned National Guard instal-lation,’’ after ‘‘military installation’’. (2) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as of December 2, 2002. 
SEC. 6802. RELEASE OF RESTRICTIONS, UNIVER-SITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO. 
(a) R ELEASE .—The Secretary of the Navy may, upon receipt of full consideration as provided in subsection (b), release to the Regents of the Uni-versity of California (in this section referred to as the ‘‘University of California’’) all remaining right, title, and interest of the United States, in-cluding restrictions on use imposed by deed or otherwise and reversionary rights, in and to a parcel of real property consisting of approxi-mately 495 acres that comprises part of the San Diego campus of the University of California. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consider-ation for the release under subsection (a), the University of California shall provide an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary of the Navy, whether by cash payment, in-kind consideration as described under paragraph (2), or a combination thereof, at such time as the Secretary may require. The consideration under this paragraph shall be based on an appraisal approved by the Secretary of the value to the Department of the Navy of the restrictions re-leased under subsection (a), except that in de-termining the value of such restrictions, there shall be excluded the value of any existing im-provements to the property made by or on behalf of the University of California and the value of the University of California’s existing rights to the property. (2) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind consid-eration provided by the University of California under paragraph (1) may include goods or serv-ices that benefit the Department of the Navy and may take into consideration the value which has accrued to the Department of the Navy from the San Diego campus of the Univer-sity of California’s research, education, and clinical care activities, as well as the contracts, grants, and other collaborations between the Department of the Navy and the San Diego campus of the University of California. (3) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RECEIVED .— Consideration in the form of cash payment re-ceived by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the separate fund in the Treasury described in section 572(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF RELEASE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require the University of California to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs in-curred by the Secretary, to carry out the release under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the release, and any other administrative costs related to the release. If amounts are col-lected from the University of California in ad-vance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4245 June 19, 2018 
the release, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the University of California. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the release under subsection (a) or, if the period of avail-ability of obligations for that appropriation has expired, to the appropriations of a fund that is currently available to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real prop-erty that is the subject of the release under sub-section (a) shall be determined by a survey or other documentation satisfactory to both the Secretary of the Navy and the University of California. (e) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—The Secretary may amend the conveyance instrument to estab-lish a period of applicability of a reversionary interest consistent with conveyances for edu-cational purposes with the period commencing with the date of the original conveyance. (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary of the Navy may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with the release under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 6803. PLAN TO ALLOW INCREASED PUBLIC ACCESS TO THE NATIONAL NAVAL AVIATION MUSEUM AND BARRANCAS NATIONAL CEMETERY, NAVAL AIR STATION PENSACOLA. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a plan to allow increased public access to the National Naval Aviation Museum and Barrancas National Cemetery at Naval Air Sta-tion Pensacola. TITLE LXXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 7101. ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS FOR INERTIAL CONFINEMENT FUSION AND HIGH YIELD PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the amounts specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4701, the total amount authorized to be ap-propriated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for research, development, test and evaluation and available for the inertial con-finement fusion and high yield program shall be $518,927,000, to be allocated as follows: (1) Ignition, $69,575,000. (2) Support of other stockpile programs, $22,565,000. (3) Diagnostics, cryogenics, and experimental support, $74,194,000. (4) Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion, $8,310,000. (5) Joint program in high energy density lab-oratory plasmas, $9,492,000. (6) Facility operations and target production, $334,791,000. (b) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be ap-propriated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 by section 3102 and available as specified in the funding table in section 4701 for defense environmental cleanup for excess facili-ties is hereby reduced by $100,000,000. TITLE LXXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 7501. INEFFECTIVENESS OF TITLE XXXV. 
Title XXXV shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 7502. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation for fiscal year 2019, to be available without fiscal year limita-tion if so provided in appropriations Acts, the following amounts for programs associated with maintaining the United States merchant marine: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $69,000,000 for Academy operations. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $32,200,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for the Student Incentive Pro-gram; (B) $6,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for direct payments to such academies; (C) $22,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; and (D) $1,800,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for training ship fuel assistance. (3) For expenses necessary to support the Na-tional Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program, $300,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and programs, $60,442,000, of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended for port infrastructure development under section 50302 of title 46, United States Code. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $6,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (6) For expenses necessary to maintain and preserve a United States flag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $300,000,000. (7) For expenses necessary for the loan guar-antee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $33,000,000, of which— (A) $30,000,000 may be used for the cost (as de-fined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Re-form Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guar-antees under the program; and (B) $3,000,000 may be used for administrative expenses relating to loan guarantee commit-ments under the program. (b) CAPITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT PROGRAM  R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the status of unexpended appropria-tions for capital asset management at the United States Merchant Marine Academy, and the plan for expending such appropriations. 
SEC. 7503. CONCURRENT JURISDICTION. 
Notwithstanding any other law, the Secretary of Transportation may relinquish, at the Sec-retary’s discretion, to the State of New York, such measure of legislative jurisdiction over the lands constituting the United States Merchant Marine Academy in King’s Point, New York, as is necessary to establish concurrent jurisdiction between the Federal Government and the State of New York. Such partial relinquishment of legislative jurisdiction shall be accomplished— (1) by filing with the Governor of New York a notice of relinquishment to take effect upon ac-ceptance thereof; or (2) as the laws of that State may provide. 
SEC. 7504. UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY POLICY ON SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT, DATING VIOLENCE, DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE, SEXUAL AS-SAULT, AND STALKING. 
(a) P OLICY ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT , DATING  V
IOLENCE , D OMESTIC VIOLENCE , SEXUAL AS-
SAULT , ANDSTALKING .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and prevention’’ after ‘‘awareness’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-paragraph (C), and subparagraphs (C) through (F) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respec-tively; (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) procedures for documenting, tracking, and maintaining the data required to conduct the annual assessments to determine the effec-tiveness of the policies, procedures, and training program of the Academy with respect to sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking involving cadets or other Academy personnel, as required by sub-section (c);’’; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (C), as re-designated by subparagraph (B), the following: ‘‘(D) procedures for investigating sexual har-assment, dating violence, domestic violence, sex-ual assault, or stalking involving a cadet or other Academy personnel to determine whether disciplinary action is necessary;’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and other Academy personnel’’ after ‘‘cadets at the Academy’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A) by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing sexual harassment,’’ after ‘‘sexual assaults, rapes, and other sexual offenses’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than January 15 of each year, the Secretary’’. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy may implement the amendment to subsection (b)(2)(A) of section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, made by subsection (a)(2), by up-dating an existing plan issued pursuant to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). 
SEC. 7505. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF REC-OMMENDATIONS FOR THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-EMY SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE PROGRAM. 
Not later than April 1, 2019, the Maritime Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the progress of the Maritime Administration in implementing and closing each of the recommendations made in the Office of Inspector General’s Report issued March 28, 2018 (ST–2018–039) identifying gaps in the United States Merchant Marine Academy’s Sex-ual Assault Prevention and Response Program. 
SEC. 7506. REPORT ON THE APPLICATION OF THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUS-TICE TO THE UNITED STATES MER-CHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives on the impediments to the applica-tion of the Uniform Code of Military Justice at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Maritime Adminis-trator may, in preparing the report under sub-section (a), consult with the Department of De-fense, other Federal agencies, and non-Federal entities, as appropriate. 
SEC. 7507. ELECTRONIC RECORDS ON MARINER AVAILABILITY TO MEET NATIONAL SECURITY NEEDS. 
Section 7502 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of Transportation to ensure that, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4246 June 19, 2018 
the extent feasible, electronic records provide in-formation on mariner availability and respective credentials to meet national security needs for credentialed mariners crewing strategic sealift vessels.’’. 
SEC. 7508. SMALL SHIPYARD GRANTS. 
Section 54101(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) T
IMING OF GRANT NOTICE .—The Adminis-trator shall post a Notice of Funding Oppor-tunity regarding grants awarded under this sec-tion not more than 15 days after the date of en-actment of the appropriations Act for the fiscal year concerned.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. 
SEC. 7509. DOMESTIC SHIP RECYCLING FACILI-TIES. 
Section 3502 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–398; 54 U.S.C. 308704 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) S
CRAPPING OF IMPORTED VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, domestic ship scrapping facili-ties selected by the Secretary of Transportation in accordance with subsection (b) may import into the United States, for the purpose of dis-mantling, marine vessels that contain regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls that are in-tegral to a vessel’s structure, equipment, or sys-tems necessary for its operation. ‘‘(2) N
O TSCA PRIOR AUTHORIZATION RE -
QUIRED .—In lieu of rulemaking by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 6(e) of the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act (15 U.S.C. 2605(e)), imports of vessels containing regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls shall be subject to prior notification and consent in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) C
ONTENTS .—An importer of 1 or more vessels containing regulated levels of poly-chlorinated biphenyls shall submit a notifica-tion to the Environmental Protection Agency not less than 75 days before a vessel is imported into the United States under this subsection. The import notification may cover up to one year of shipments of vessels containing regu-lated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls being sent to the same ship scrapping facility, and shall contain, at a minimum, the following items: ‘‘(i) The name, contact name, address, tele-phone number, email address, and EPA Identi-fication Number (if applicable) of the ship scrapping facility and the recognized trader, if the ship scrapping facility is not the importer. ‘‘(ii) The name, contact name, address, tele-phone number, email address, and EPA Identi-fication Number (if applicable) of each facility where polychlorinated biphenyls or hazardous materials contained on a vessel will be stored and disposed of, including any polychlorinated biphenyls storage or disposal facility approved under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.). ‘‘(iii) The types of polychlorinated biphenyls or polychlorinated biphenyls items expected to be removed from the vessels. ‘‘(iv) The number of vessels proposed for im-port and maximum tonnage. ‘‘(v) The period of time covered by the import notice (not to exceed one year) and the start and end dates of shipment. ‘‘(B) F
ORM.—Each notice under this para-graph shall be clearly marked ‘PCB Waste Im-port Notice’ and shall be submitted to the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency in such form and manner as the Environmental Protection Agen-cy may require. ‘‘(C) REVISED NOTIFICATION .—If an importer wishes to change any of the information speci-fied on the original notification, the importer must submit a revised notification, containing notification of the changes, to the Environ-mental Protection Agency. ‘‘(4) C
ONSENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An importer shall not im-port vessels containing regulated levels of poly-chlorinated biphenyls until the importer has re-ceived consent from the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS .—Importers shall only import ves-sels under the terms of the consent issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under this paragraph and subject to the condition that the facility shall establish a valid written contract, chain of contracts, or equiva-lent arrangements with other United States fa-cilities, where applicable, to manage the poly-chlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste ex-pected to be removed from the vessel or vessels. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT TO THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTEC -
TION AGENCY .—Any ship scrapping facility au-thorized by this subsection to import vessels con-taining regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls shall file with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, not later than April 1 of each year, a report providing, for each vessel imported in accordance with this subsection, the following information: ‘‘(A) The vessel name and approximated ton-nage. ‘‘(B) Registration number and flag of the ves-sel. ‘‘(C) The date of import. ‘‘(D) The types, quantities, and final destina-tion of all polychlorinated biphenyls and haz-ardous waste removed. ‘‘(E) The EPA-issued consent number under which the vessel was imported. ‘‘(6) A
PPLICABLE LAWS .—Once a vessel has been imported pursuant to this subsection, the manufacturing, processing, distribution in com-merce, use, and disposal of any polychlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste contained on the vessel shall be carried out in accordance with applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations. ‘‘(7) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency may promul-gate additional standards or procedures for the import of ships that contain regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste, for the purpose of recycling, under this sub-section, if— ‘‘(A) the benefits of such additional standards or procedures exceed the costs of those stand-ards or procedures; ‘‘(B) not later than 180 days prior to promul-gating such additional standards or procedures, the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency submits a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives demonstrating compliance with sub-paragraph (A) and the reasons such standards or procedures are necessary; and ‘‘(C) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency receives the concurrence of the Maritime Administrator on any such addi-tional standards or procedures.’’. 
SEC. 7510. SEA YEAR ON CONTRACTED VESSELS. 
Section 51307 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘owned or subsidized by’’ and inserting ‘‘owned, subsidized by, or contracted with’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM VESSELS .— The Secretary shall require an operator of a ves-sel participating in the Maritime Security Pro-gram under chapter 531 of this title to carry on each Maritime Security Program vessel 2 United States Merchant Marine Academy cadets, if available, on each voyage. ‘‘(c) M
ILITARY SEALIFT COMMAND VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the Commander of the Military Sealift Command shall require an operator of a vessel in the United States Navy’s Military Sealift Command to carry on each such vessel 2 United States Merchant Marine Academy cadets, if available, on each voyage, if the vessel— ‘‘(A) is flagged in the United States; and ‘‘(B) is rated at 10,000 gross tons or higher. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Commander of the Mili-tary Sealift Command may waive the require-ment under paragraph (1) at any time if the Commander determines that carrying a cadet from the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy would place an undue burden on the vessel or the operator of the vessel. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF OPERATOR .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘operator’ includes a government operator and a non-government operator. ‘‘(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting— ‘‘(1) the discretion of the Secretary to deter-mine whether to place a United States Merchant Marine Academy cadet on a vessel; ‘‘(2) the authority of the Coast Guard regard-ing a vessel security plan approved under sec-tion 70103; or ‘‘(3) the discretion of the master of the vessel to ensure the safety of all crew members.’’. 
SEC. 7511. GAO REPORT ON NATIONAL MARITIME STRATEGY. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study and submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, a re-port on— (1) the key challenges, if any, to ensuring that the United States marine transportation system and merchant marine are sufficient to support United States economic and defense needs, as articulated by the Maritime Administration, the Committee on the Marine Transportation Sys-tem, and other stakeholders; (2) the extent to which a national maritime strategy incorporates desirable characteristics of successful national strategies as identified by the Comptroller General, and any key obstacles (as identified by stakeholders) to successfully implementing such strategies; and (3) the extent to which Federal efforts to es-tablish national maritime strategy are duplica-tive or fragmented, and if so, the impact on United States maritime policy for the future. 
SEC. 7512. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON TITLE XI PROGRAM. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Department of Trans-portation Office of Inspector General shall— (1) initiate an audit of the financial controls and protections included in the policies and pro-cedures of the Department of Transportation for approving loan applications for the loan guar-antee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code; and (2) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report con-taining the results of that audit once the audit is completed. 
SEC. 7513. MULTI-YEAR CONTRACTS. 
Nothing in section 3505 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4247 June 19, 2018 
(Public Law 114–328) may be construed to pro-hibit the Maritime Administration from entering into a multi-year contract for the procurement of up to 5 new vessels within the National Secu-rity Multi-Mission Vessel Program and associ-ated government–furnished equipment, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
SEC. 7514. USE OF STATE MARITIME ACADEMY TRAINING VESSELS. 
Section 51504(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) V
ESSEL CAPACITY SHARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the Sec-retary, acting through the Maritime Adminis-trator, shall upon consultation with the mari-time academies, and to the extent feasible with the consent of the maritime academies, imple-ment a program of training vessel capacity shar-ing, requiring maritime academies to share training vessel capacity provided by the Sec-retary among maritime academies, as necessary to ensure that training needs of each academy are met. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM OF VESSEL CAPACITY SHARING .— For purposes of this subsection, a program of vessel capacity sharing shall include— ‘‘(A) ways to maximize the available under-way training capacity available in the fleet of training vessels; ‘‘(B) coordinating the dates and duration of training cruises with the academic calendars of maritime academies; ‘‘(C) coordinating academic programs de-signed to be implemented aboard training vessels among maritime academies; and ‘‘(D) identifying ways to minimize costs. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 30 days after the beginning of each fiscal year, the Sec-retary, acting through the Maritime Adminis-trator, shall evaluate the vessel capacity shar-ing program under this subsection to determine the optimal utilization of State maritime train-ing vessels, and modify the program as nec-essary to improve utilization.’’. 
SEC. 7515. PERMANENT AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO ISSUE VESSEL WAR RISK INSUR-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53912 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 539 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 53912. 
SEC. 7516. NAVIGATION SYSTEM STUDY AND RE-PORT. 
(a) S TUDY OF THE GREAT LAKES SYSTEM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a comprehensive study of the Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Sea-way navigation system (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Great Lakes System’’) that exam-ines the current state of the system and makes recommendations for improvements. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The study— (A) shall examine, with respect to the Great Lakes System— (i) typical cargo routing options; (ii) the cost profile of each route and alter-native routes; (iii) port infrastructure quality; (iv) intermodal connections; (v) competing transportation options, includ-ing air, rail, and ground transportation and their relative market position; (vi) taxes and fees imposed on vessels; (vii) marketing efforts to increase shipments; (viii) subsidies provided to the Great Lakes System and to competing cargo transportation systems; (ix) the condition of the docks at each port; (x) United States and Canadian Government icebreaking capabilities to facilitate commercial shipping; (xi) the maritime safety and marine casualty statistics for commercial vessels transiting the Great Lakes System; and (xii) the condition of vessel navigation infra-structure (such as channels, locks, jetties, and breakwaters) and efforts to maintain, upgrade, or replace that infrastructure; and (B) shall make recommendations on— (i) the level of additional investment needed to improve the Great Lakes System; (ii) any benefits of increased Federal or State investment in the Great Lakes System; and (iii) any regulatory or competitive burdens im-peding growth of the Great Lakes System. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Co-Chairs of the Great Lakes Task Force of the Senate and of the House of Rep-resentatives a report containing the results of the study conducted under this section. 
SEC. 7517. MISCELLANEOUS. 
(a) N ONCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .—Section 3514(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 46 U.S.C. 51318 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
ONCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .—For the pur-poses of this section, vessels operated by any of the following entities shall not be considered commercial vessels: ‘‘(A) Any entity or agency of the United States. ‘‘(B) The government of a State or territory. ‘‘(C) Any political subdivision of a State or territory. ‘‘(D) Any other municipal organization.’’. (b) P
ASSENGER RECORDS .—Section 51322(c) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) M
AINTENANCE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT TRAIN-
ING RECORDS .—The Maritime Administrator shall require the owner or operator of a commer-cial vessel, or the seafarer union for a commer-cial vessel, to maintain records of sexual assault training for any person required to have such training.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC AD-
MINISTRATION .—Section 3134 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of Commerce may waive this subchapter with respect to con-tracts for the construction, alteration, or repair of vessels, regardless of the terms of the con-tracts as to payment or title, when the contract is made under the Act entitled ‘An Act to define the functions and duties of the Coast and Geo-detic Survey, and for other purposes’, approved August 6, 1947 (33 U.S.C. 883a et seq.).’’. (d) A
NNUAL PAYMENTS FOR MAINTENANCE AND  S
UPPORT .—Section 51505(b)(2) of title 46 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM .—The amount under para-graph (1) may not be more than $25,000, unless the academy satisfies section 51506(b) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 7518. SUPERIOR NATIONAL FOREST LAND EXCHANGE. 
(a) P URPOSE AND NEED FOR NORTH METLAND E
XCHANGE .— (1) P
URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this section to further the public interest by consummating the NorthMet Land Exchange as specifically set forth in this section. (2) N
EED.—According to the Final Record of Decision, the NorthMet Land Exchange is advis-able and needed because the NorthMet Land Exchange will— (A) result in a 40-acre net gain in National Forest System lands; (B) improve the spatial arrangement of Na-tional Forest System lands by reducing the amount of ownership boundaries to be managed by 33 miles; (C) improve management effectiveness by ex-changing isolated Federal lands with no public overland access for non-Federal lands that will have public overland access and be accessible and open to public use and enjoyment; (D) result in Federal cost savings by elimi-nating certain easements and their associated administration costs; (E) meet several of the priorities identified in the land and resource management plan for Su-perior National Forest to protect and manage administratively or congressionally designated, unique, proposed, or recommended areas, in-cluding acquisition of 307 acres of land to the administratively proposed candidate Research Natural Areas, which are managed by pre-serving and maintaining areas for ecological re-search, observation, genetic conservation, moni-toring, and educational activities; (F) promote more effective land management that would meet specific National Forest needs for management, including acquisition of over 6,500 acres of land for new public access, water-shed protection, ecologically rare habitats, wet-lands, water frontage, and improved ownership patterns; (G) convey Federal land generally not needed for other Forest resource management objectives, because such land is adjacent to intensively de-veloped private land including ferrous mining areas, where abundant mining infrastructure and transportation are already in place, includ-ing— (i) a large, intensively developed open pit mine lying directly to the north of the Federal land; (ii) a private mine railroad, powerlines, and roads lying directly to the south of the Federal land; and (iii) already existing ore processing, milling, and tailings facilities located approximately 5 miles to the west of the Federal land; and (H) provide a practical resolution to complex issues pertaining to the development of private mineral rights underlying the Federal land sur-face, and thereby avoid potential litigation which could adversely impact the status and management of the Federal land and other Na-tional Forest System land acquired under the authority of section 6 of the Act of March 1, 1911 (commonly known as the Weeks Law; 16 U.S.C. 515). (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OLLECTION AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘‘Col-lection Agreements’’ means the following agree-ments between the Secretary and Poly Met per-taining to the NorthMet Land Exchange: (A) The agreement dated August 25, 2015. (B) The agreement dated January 15, 2016. (2) F
EDERAL LAND PARCEL .—The term ‘‘Fed-eral land parcel’’ means all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to approxi-mately 6,650 acres of National Forest System land, as identified in the Final Record of Deci-sion, within the Superior National Forest in St. Louis County, Minnesota, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Federal Land Parcel– NorthMet Land Exchange’’, and dated June 2017. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non-Fed-eral land’’ means all right, title, and interest of Poly Met in and to approximately 6,690 acres of land in four separate tracts (comprising 10 sepa-rate land parcels in total) within the Superior National Forest to be conveyed to the United States by Poly Met in the land exchange as gen-erally depicted on an overview map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Ex-change’’ and dated June 2017, and further de-picted on separate tract maps as follows: (A) T
RACT 1 .—Approximately 4,650 acres of land in St. Louis County, Minnesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Exchange–Hay Lake Tract’’, and dated June 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4248 June 19, 2018 
(B) T RACT 2 .—Approximately 320 acres of land in 4 separate parcels in Lake County, Min-nesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Ex-change–Lake County Lands’’, and dated June 2017. (C) T
RACT 3 .—Approximately 1,560 acres of land in 4 separate parcels in Lake County, Min-nesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Ex-change–Wolf Lands’’, and dated June 2017. (D) T
RACT 4 .—Approximately 160 acres of land in St. Louis County, Minnesota, generally de-picted on the map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcel–NorthMet Land Exchange–Hunting Club Lands’’, dated June 2017. (4) N
ORTHMET LAND EXCHANGE .—The term ‘‘NorthMet Land Exchange’’ means the land ex-change specifically authorized and directed by subsection (c). (5) P
OLY MET .—The term ‘‘Poly Met’’ means Poly Met Mining Corporation, Inc., a Min-nesota Corporation with executive offices in St. Paul, Minnesota, and headquarters in Hoyt Lakes, Minnesota. (6) R
ECORD OF DECISION .—The term ‘‘Record of Decision’’ means the Final Record of Decision of the Forest Service issued on January 9, 2017, approving the NorthMet Land exchange be-tween the United States and PolyMet Mining, Inc., a Minnesota Corporation, involving Na-tional Forest System land in the Superior Na-tional Forest in Minnesota. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (8) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Minnesota. (c) N
ORTH METLANDEXCHANGE .— (1) E
XCHANGE AUTHORIZED AND DIRECTED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d)(3)(A) and other conditions imposed by this section, if Poly Met offers to convey to the United States all right, title, and interest of Poly Met in and to the non-Federal land, the Secretary shall accept the offer and convey to Poly Met all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land parcel. (B) L
AND EXCHANGE EXPEDITED .—Subject to the conditions imposed by this section, the NorthMet Land Exchange directed by this sec-tion shall be consummated not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) F
ORM OF CONVEYANCE .— (A) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—Title to the non- Federal land conveyed by Poly Met to the United States shall be by general warranty deed subject to existing rights of record, and other-wise conform to the title approval regulations of the Attorney General of the United States. (B) F
EDERAL LAND PARCEL .—The Federal land parcel shall be quitclaimed by the Secretary to Poly Met by an exchange deed. (3) E
XCHANGE COSTS .— (A) R
EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .—Poly Met shall pay or reimburse the Secretary, either di-rectly or through the Collection Agreements, for all land survey, appraisal, land title, deed prep-aration, and other costs incurred by the Sec-retary in processing and consummating the NorthMet Land Exchange. The Collection Agreements, as in effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act, may be modified through the mutual consent of the parties. (B) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .—All funds paid or re-imbursed to the Secretary under subparagraph (A)— (i) shall be deposited and credited to the ac-counts in accordance with the Collection Agree-ments; (ii) shall be used for the purposes specified for the accounts; and (iii) shall remain available to the Secretary until expended without further appropriation. (4) C
ONDITIONS ON LAND EXCHANGE .— (A) R
ESERVATION OF CERTAIN MINERAL  
RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the United States shall reserve the mineral rights on approximately 181 acres of the Federal land par-cel as generally identified on the map entitled ‘‘Federal Land Parcel–NorthMet Land Ex-change’’, and dated June 2017. (B) THIRD-PARTY AUTHORIZATIONS .—As set forth in the Final Record of Decision, Poly Met shall honor existing road and transmission line authorizations on the Federal land parcel. Upon relinquishment of the authorizations by the holders or upon revocation of the authorizations by the Forest Service, Poly Met shall offer re-placement authorizations to the holders on at least equivalent terms. (d) V
ALUATION OF NORTH METLAND EX-
CHANGE .— (1) A
PPRAISALS .—The Congress makes the fol-lowing new findings: (A) Appraisals of the Federal and non-Federal lands to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange were formally prepared in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Fed-eral Land Acquisitions, and were approved by the Secretary in conjunction with preparation of the November 2015 Draft Record of Decision on the NorthMet Land Exchange. (B) The appraisals referred to in subpara-graph (A) determined that the value of the non- Federal lands exceeded the value of the Federal land parcel by approximately $425,000. (C) Based on the appraisals referred to in sub-paragraph (A), the United States would ordi-narily be required to make a $425,000 cash equalization payment to Poly Met to equalize exchange values under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), unless such an equalization payment is waived by Poly Met. (2) V
ALUES FOR CONSUMMATION OF LAND EX -
CHANGE .—The appraised values of the Federal and non-Federal land determined and approved by the Secretary in November 2015, and ref-erenced in paragraph (1)— (A) shall be the values utilized to consummate the NorthMet Land Exchange; and (B) shall not be subject to reappraisal. (3) W
AIVER OF EQUALIZATION PAYMENT .— (A) C
ONDITION ON LAND EXCHANGE .—Notwith- standing section 206(b) of the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)), and as part of its offer to exchange the non- Federal lands as provided in subsection (c)(1)(A), Poly Met shall waive any payment to it of any monies owed by the United States to equalize land values. (B) T
REATMENT OF WAIVER .—A waiver of the equalization payment under subparagraph (A) shall be considered as a voluntary donation to the United States by Poly Met for all purposes of law. (e) M
APS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (1) M
INOR ADJUSTMENTS .—By mutual agree-ment, the Secretary and Poly Met may correct minor or typographical errors in any map, acre-age estimate, or description of the Federal land parcel or non-Federal land to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange. (2) C
ONFLICT .—If there is a conflict between a map, an acreage estimate, or a description of land under this section, the map shall control unless the Secretary and Poly Met mutually agree otherwise. (3) E
XCHANGE MAPS .—The maps referred to in subsection (b) depicting the Federal and non- Federal lands to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange, and dated June 2017, depict the identical lands identified in the Final Record of Decision, which are on file in the Office of the Supervisor, Superior National Forest. (f) P
OST-EXCHANGE LANDMANAGEMENT .— (1) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—Upon conveyance of the non-Federal land to the United States in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the non-Federal land shall become part of the Superior National For-est and be managed in accordance with— (A) the Act of March 1, 1911 (commonly known as the Weeks Law; 16 U.S.C. 500 et seq.); and (B) the laws and regulations applicable to the Superior National Forest and the National For-est System. (2) PLANNING .—Upon acquisition by the United States in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the non-Federal lands shall be managed in a manner consistent with the land and resource management plan applicable to adjacent feder-ally owned lands in the Superior National For-est. An amendment or supplement to the land and resource management plan shall not be re-quired solely because of the acquisition of the non-Federal lands. (3) F
EDERAL LAND .—Upon conveyance of the Federal land parcel to Poly Met in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the Federal land parcel shall become private land and available for any lawful use in accordance with applica-ble Federal, State, and local laws and regula-tions pertaining to mining and other uses of land in private ownership. (g) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS .— (1) W
ITHDRAWAL OF ACQUIRED NON -FEDERAL  
LAND .—The non-Federal lands acquired by the United States in the NorthMet Land Exchange shall be withdrawn, without further action by the Secretary, from appropriation and disposal under public land laws and under laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing. (2) W
ITHDRAWAL REVOCATION .—Any public land order that withdraws the Federal land par-cel from appropriation or disposal under a pub-lic land law shall be revoked without further ac-tion by the Secretary to the extent necessary to permit conveyance of the Federal land parcel to Poly Met. (3) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND PENDING  
CONVEYANCE .—The Federal land parcel to be conveyed to Poly Met in the NorthMet Land Ex-change, if not already withdrawn or segregated from appropriation or disposal under the min-eral leasing and geothermal or other public land laws upon enactment of this Act, is hereby so withdrawn, subject to valid existing rights, until the date of conveyance of the Federal land par-cel to Poly Met. (4) A
CT CONTROLS .—In the event any provi-sion of the Record of Decision conflicts with a provision of this section, the provision of this section shall control. f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 100– 696, appoints the following Senator as a member of the United States Capitol Preservation Commission: the Honor-able D
EBFISCHER of Nebraska. 
f 
GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 427, S. 2269. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2269) to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN6.001 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4249 June 19, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 2269) was passed, as follows: 
S. 2269 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Food Security Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TOIMPLEMENT THE GLOBAL  F
OOD SECURITY STRATEGY .—Section 6(b) of the Global Food Security Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9305(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2023’’. (b) E
MERGENCY FOODSECURITY PROGRAM .— Section 492(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2292a(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2017 and 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 3. GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY STRATEGY IM-PLEMENTATION REPORTS. 
Section 8(a) of the Global Food Security Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9307(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year and 2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘During each of the first 7 years’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘for 2017 and 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘at the end of the reporting period’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 20; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of H.R. 5895. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator B
ENNET . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume consideration of H.R. 5895. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. AMENDMENTS NOS . 2943, AS MODIFIED , AND 2985  
TO AMENDMENT NO . 2910 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing amendments be called up en bloc: Crapo No. 2943, as modified, and Baldwin No. 2985. I further ask consent that at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, June 20, the Senate vote in relation to the Crapo and Baldwin amendments in the order listed; finally, that there be no second-degree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 2943, as modified, and 2985 to amendment No. 2910. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2943, AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To increase funds for a nuclear demonstration program) On page 24, line 2, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be for a mate-rial recovery demonstration project to pro-vide high assay enriched low uranium to sup-port advanced reactors.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2985 (Purpose: To set aside funds for cooperative agreements and laboratory support to ac-celerate the domestic production of Molyb-denum–99) On page 32, line 16, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘ : Provided, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $20,000,000 shall be for cooperative agreements and laboratory support to accel-erate the domestic production of Molyb-denum–99.’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, this past April, Attorney General Sessions announced a new zero tolerance pol-icy—those were his words—for the southern border. Last month, the Chief of Staff to the President said that this new zero tolerance policy ‘‘could be a tough deterrent. . . . The children will be taken care of—put into foster care or whatever.’’ That is what he said. To justify his zero tolerance policy, Attor-ney General Sessions cited Romans 8, a Bible passage that was used through-out our history to justify human slav-ery. The administration knew precisely what the effect of this action would be; yet they did it anyway. The result is that over 2,300 children have been sepa-rated by the U.S. Government in the name of the American people since May. The results are the images we see of children caged in chain-link enclo-sures. We hear it in the young boys and girls crying for their parents—all done in the name of America. That is an image that has ricocheted all across the world, just as the image of Bull Connor’s dogs tearing at Birmingham’s children ricocheted across the world. It said to the world that we actually weren’t upholding the high ideals that our Founders set out to create. Well, that is terrible, but what is also terrible is that President Trump will take no responsibility for what he has done and instead takes on a cheap po-litical tactic, which I think he thinks he can get away with. There is a lot of evidence he will get away with it be-cause of the repetition on cable news that somehow Democrats are respon-sible for this. The President said: I hate the children being taken away. The Democrats have to change their law. That’s their law. 
That statement is false. It has no basis in reality. And I will presume that he is not using the children as a negotiating tool. I am not going to come to the floor and make that accu-sation. There are people who have said that because they are searching for some logic to explain how he could say something that is so false. He tweeted: ‘‘The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda.’’ That is what he wrote. That is ridiculous, and we know it is false because until they created this zero tolerance policy, which they thought would deter other immigrants, the United States of America handled this matter in a way that managed to enforce our laws without doing hideous violence to our bedrock values as a na-tion. When migrants with children cross the border unlawfully, the government has broad discretion about whether to charge the violation as a criminal of-fense or a civil offense, and every American administration—every American administration, including the Trump administration until 6 weeks ago, dealt with it as a civil mat-ter and avoided the trauma of family separation by charging them for illegal entry and deporting them. During the first 15 months of this ad-ministration, until Attorney General Sessions started this zero tolerance policy, the Trump administration—not the Obama administration—did this with nearly 100,000 immigrants who were apprehended at the U.S.-Mexico border. In terms of the law, nothing has changed in 6 months. The only thing which has changed is the administra-tion’s policy and their decision to file criminal charges for every unlawful crossing, including cases that involved families with young children. I think that is the wrong policy. By the way, the Attorney General doesn’t make up stories about it is the Democrats’ fault. He said this is what will happen because of their policy, but the President will not admit it. Amer-ican citizens, thank goodness, don’t want this done in their name. They don’t want our history besmirched by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.043 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4250 June 19, 2018 
this action and the coverup of whose responsibility it is. That is why a bi-partisan group—a bipartisan group—of 75 former U.S. attorneys called for an end to the policy of family separation. It is making their exercise of prosecu-torial discretion more difficult. More than two dozen of the largest religious groups in America have asked the President to please relent, knowing he has the power to do so—Rev. Frank-lin Graham and nearly a dozen evan-gelical leaders, Republican Governors, Republican colleagues of mine who have not only said they detest the pol-icy but that the President can change it anytime he wants. Those are the facts. I don’t know how to solve the problem of newscasters who are willing to repeat things that aren’t true. That is hard to do, and it is difficult to separate fact from fiction when we have a President who is aller-gic to the truth. For my own sake, at times like this, I think it is important to listen to voices like First Lady Laura Bush, who wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post last week that was so moving. It amazes me that, in 2017, any American citizen would have to write it, but thank goodness she did. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that Mrs. Bush’s op-ed piece be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Jun. 17, 2018] L
AURA BUSH: SEPARATING CHILDREN FROM T
HEIR PARENTS AT THE BORDER ‘BREAKS MY H
EART ’ (By Laura Bush) Laura Bush is a former first lady of the United States. On Sunday, a day we as a nation set aside to honor fathers and the bonds of family, I was among the millions of Americans who watched images of children who have been torn from their parents. In the six weeks be-tween April 19 and May 31, the Department of Homeland Security has sent nearly 2,000 children to mass detention centers or foster care. More than 100 of these children are younger than 4 years old. The reason for these separations is a zero-tolerance policy for their parents, who are accused of ille-gally crossing our borders. I live in a border state. I appreciate the need to enforce and protect our international boundaries, but this zero-tolerance policy is cruel. It is immoral. And it breaks my heart. Our government should not be in the busi-ness of warehousing children in converted box stores or making plans to place them in tent cities in the desert outside of El Paso. These images are eerily reminiscent of the internment camps for U.S. citizens and non-citizens of Japanese descent during World War II, now considered to have been one of the most shameful episodes in U.S. history. We also know that this treatment inflicts trauma; those who have been interned have been twice as likely to suffer cardiovascular disease or die prematurely than those who were not interned. Americans pride ourselves on being a moral nation, on being the nation that sends humanitarian relief to places devastated by natural disasters or famine or war. We pride ourselves on believing that people should be seen for the content of their character, not the color of their skin. We pride ourselves on acceptance. If we are truly that country, then it is our obligation to reunite these de-tained children with their parents—and to stop separating parents and children in the first place. People on all sides agree that our immigra-tion system isn’t working, but the injustice of zero tolerance is not the answer. I moved away from Washington almost a decade ago, but I know there are good people at all levels of government who can do better to fix this. Recently, Colleen Kraft, who heads the American Academy of Pediatrics, visited a shelter run by the U.S. Office of Refugee Re-settlement. She reported that while there were beds, toys, crayons, a playground and diaper changes, the people working at the shelter had been instructed not to pick up or touch the children to comfort them. Imagine not being able to pick up a child who is not yet out of diapers. Twenty-nine years ago, my mother-in-law, Barbara Bush, visited Grandma’s House, a home for children with HIV/AIDS in Wash-ington. Back then, at the height of the HIV/ AIDS crisis, the disease was a death sen-tence, and most babies born with it were considered ‘‘untouchables.’’ During her visit, Barbara—who was the first lady at the time—picked up a fussy, dying baby named Donovan and snuggled him against her shoulder to soothe him. My mother-in-law never viewed her embrace of that fragile child as courageous. She simply saw it as the right thing to do in a world that can be arbi-trary, unkind and even cruel. She, who after the death of her 3-year-old daughter knew what it was to lose a child, believed that every child is deserving of human kindness, compassion and love. In 2018, can we not as a nation find a kinder, more compassionate and more moral answer to this current crisis? I, for one, be-lieve we can. Mr. BENNET. This is what she wrote: 
I live in a border state. 
She lives in Texas. 
I appreciate the need to enforce and pro-tect our international boundaries, but this zero-tolerance policy is cruel. It is immoral. And it breaks my heart. Our government should not be in the busi-ness of warehousing children in converted box stores or making plans to place them in tent cities in the desert outside of El Paso. 
I am going to read that again. Mrs. Bush wrote: ‘‘Our government should not be in the business of warehousing children in converted box stores or making plans to place them in tent cit-ies in the desert outside of El Paso.’’ No, it shouldn’t. She wrote: 
These images are eerily reminiscent of the [Japanese American] internment camps . . . of World War II, now considered to have been one of the most shameful episodes in U.S. history. 
We now have another one confronting us right now. That episode was shame-ful. At the time, America was in the midst of a great world war, the second in a generation. The country had just emerged from the largest economic de-pression in our country’s history. There was deep anxiety about jobs and national security, and that anxiety manifested in what became a terrible injustice perpetrated by the U.S. Gov-ernment against Japanese Americans. President Roosevelt’s order called for the relocation of Japanese Americans into prison-like camps. Many Gov-ernors throughout the West opposed the camps at the time not because they were unjust but because it was out of bigotry of Japanese Americans. They didn’t want them in their State, even if they were locked up in a prison. Kansas Governor Payne Ratner de-clared that they ‘‘are not wanted and not welcome.’’ Wyoming Governor Nels Smith threatened that Japanese who come to his State would be found ‘‘hanging from every pine tree.’’ An exception to that was Colorado Governor Ralph Carr, a Republican. Speaking to a crowd of farmers, Carr said: If you harm them, you must first harm me. I was brought up in small towns where I knew the shame and dishonor of race hatred. 
‘‘I grew to despise it,’’ Carr said, pointing to the crowd, ‘‘because it threatened the happiness of you and you and you.’’ Carr spoke out about that injustice. He gave voice to vulner-able people when it was politically un-popular. In fact, he lost his political career as a result of what he said. His courage may not have won him much notice or applause at the time, but he is in the honor roll of history, and we hold him up as an example of our re-sponsibility to stand for justice and to stand against cruelty. His example should inspire us, but it also should make us wonder what would have hap-pened had he not been there. Like Governor Carr, all of us have to choose whether we are going to stand against a policy of locking up children. We shouldn’t do it. We didn’t do it. The Bush administration didn’t do it. The Obama administration didn’t do it. The Trump administration didn’t do it, until this so-called zero tolerance pol-icy was put in place. Now, the U.S. Government has essentially jailed a bunch of children who can’t see their parents. This isn’t helping the national security of the United States. Our immigration system is broken. Sitting in that chair before the Presi-dent was the Senator from Florida. He and I worked together in the Gang of 8 to write an immigration bill that passed the Senate with almost 70 votes in 2013. It spent $40 billion on border se-curity. It had internal security. It cre-ated a visa system so we could see who was here lawfully and who had over-stayed their visa and kick out the peo-ple who were causing trouble. I some-times think he doesn’t actually want a wall; he just wants the issue of a wall. We could be working with countries in our hemisphere to try to resolve the issues they face—violence, corruption, absence of rule of law, very limited economic opportunities for people—so people could stay there instead of try-ing to come to the United States just so their kids can survive. That would be a useful thing for us to engage in. A couple years ago when we had the kids coming to the border, I asked my-self—I am the parent of three daugh-ters: What would it take for me to send one of my daughters, when they are 13 years old, with a drug smuggler 1,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.046 S19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4251 June 19, 2018 
miles to the U.S. border? What fear would I have had to do that? I went down there. I think the Presi-dent should go down there. I went to Mexico and El Salvador and Honduras, and I met in the backyard of our Em-bassy with a bunch of young people who had either tried to get into this country and failed or tried to get into this country and succeeded. It was very clear they are absolutely terrorized by the gang violence down there, by the insistence on the part of gangs that these kids join gangs, and by the com-plete abject lack of economic oppor-tunity. There is none. That could affect the national security of the United States, and we should have an interest in trying to make it better. I would put my record on immigra-tion and border security up against any single person in this Chamber because I helped write and pass a bill that spent $40 billion on border security for the United States. Our dysfunction in the House of Representatives caused us not to pass the bill there. Now, we have reached a level of even more dysfunc-tion because the President is making up what is actually causing the prob-lem at the border and enjoys the polit-ical theater of going over to the House of Representatives and having a con-versation with people about how we are going to solve a problem he created and that his administration created and that Republicans and Democrats in this Chamber alike know he created. Let me close just by saying that we live in a democratic republic—I have said that on the floor—and a democ-racy will not last very long if the gov-ernment is separated from the people. We are a self-governing enterprise. In order to do that well, in order to put America’s children in the position they deserve to be put in, in order to honor the heritage our parents and grand-parents passed on to us, in order to as-sure America’s leadership role in the world, we have to seek the truth as citizens. It is a fundamental responsi-bility that each of us has. We don’t have to agree with each other about much, but we have to find a way to ascertain the truth and then govern toward that and figure out ways of moving the country forward. With an episode like this, I get more and more worried we are reaching a point where it is going to be hard to pull back from the brink. When we are living in a time when our President tells us that our allies threaten our national security, we need to ascertain the truth of that state-ment. When we are told trade wars are easy to win, and we end up paying more for steel than the people we are fighting a trade war with, we need to figure out what the truth actually is. When somebody runs for office saying they are going to have a beautiful healthcare plan that is going to cover everybody in America at a really low price, we ought to check and see whether that is happening. When some-body tells you—even though it is re-peated over and over and over again on one cable TV station in America—that he is going to pay off the debt in 7 years and then comes to Washington and gives us the largest deficit we have seen outside of wartime or recession, we owe it to our children to ascertain the truth of the matter. We owe it to our children to do that, and we owe it to the world to treat the children on our southern border with some dignity—the dignity any human being would deserve. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:39 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19JN6.047 S19JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE859 June 19, 2018 
HONORING BRIAN D. PETERSEN 
HON. ROB BISHOP 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brian D. Petersen upon his re-tirement from over thirty-six years of dedicated service as a public school instructor primarily in the field of Choral Music from Bear River High School in Tremonton, Utah. Mr. Petersen is a native of Box Elder Coun-ty, Utah, and received a Master of Education and Bachelor of Arts in Choral Music from Utah State University. A talented and accom-plished vocalist, musician and composer, he has taught and mentored thousands of stu-dents over the course of his long career, in-cluding students from Mountain View High School in Orem, Utah, as well as Preston Idaho High School where he first began. For many years, Mr. Petersen was a mem-ber of the world-renowned Mormon Taber-nacle Choir, and has gained national recogni-tion for arranging and composing choral music, including arrangements used for pro-ductions associated with various veteran’s cer-emonial programs, as well as completing ar-rangements for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. He is a Member of the American Choral Directors Association, includ-ing service as President of the Utah Chapter from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Petersen has shown a willingness to share his talents to enrich the community and is often in demand as a performer, conductor and a judge for choral music competitions na-tionwide. His career has demonstrated a high standard of professionalism and caring for his craft which has undoubtedly blessed the lives of many people and will continue to do so. Mr. Petersen is a devoted husband to his wife, Carol Jean, the father of seven daugh-ters, and has eleven grandchildren. It is fitting that we recognize and honor him today. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on June 12, 2018, I was absent from the House and missed Roll Call votes 258, 259, and 260. Had I been present for Roll Call 258, on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 5327, the Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act, I would have voted Yes. Had I been present for Roll Call 259, on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 5041, the Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act, I would have voted Yes. Had I been present for Roll Call 260, on Ap-proving the Journal, I would have voted No. RECOGNIZING NAVY REAR ADMIRAL BUTCH DOLLAGA HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Rear Admiral Butch Dollaga for his out-standing service to our country and congratu-late him on his recent promotion in the United States Navy. As the Director of the Navy Budget Con-gressional Liaison Office for the past two years, Rear Admiral Dollaga has made signifi-cant and lasting contributions while working closely with me, the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, and across Capitol Hill to pro-vide critical resources for our Navy’s warfighters. He and his outstanding staff have worked tirelessly to ensure operational effec-tiveness at home and overseas. Rear Admiral Dollaga’s promotion was earned from a career of accomplishments and experience. He began his military career after graduating from the United States Naval Acad-emy in 1990. Since then, he has served in an impressive variety of operational and staff as-signments, completing numerous deployments overseas on both fast-attack and fleet ballistic missile submarines. His first command tour was the USS Charlotte, SSN 766, homeported in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. While Captain of a Los Angeles-class submarine, he led 110 sail-ors in the completion of a Western Pacific De-ployment. Prior to his current assignment, Rear Admiral Dollaga completed a second command tour as Commodore of Submarine Development Squadron Twelve in Groton, Connecticut where he was in charge of nine fast-attack submarines along with leading the tactical development of the U.S. Submarine Force. In recognizing these outstanding achievements, we must acknowledge the con-tributions of Rear Admiral Dollaga’s family. Long and frequent separations are a way of life for sailors, and it takes a very special kind of family to endure the many hardships de-ployments and operational commitments present. For that, we owe his wife, Lani, and their family our deepest gratitude. As Rear Admiral Dollaga moves on to his new assignment as the Commander of the Undersea Warfighting Development Center, he leaves behind a legacy of distinguished serv-ice and professionalism. I want to extend my thanks for his exceptional service and wish him and his family fair winds and following seas. RECOGNIZING JAMESVILLE- DEWITT GIRLS’ BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the tremendous victory of the Jamesville-DeWitt Girls’ Basketball Team in the New York State Public High School Asso-ciation Class A Championship on March 17, 2018. The Jamesville-DeWitt Red Rams de-feated Elmont Memorial High School by a score of 64–51 to win the state title for the Third year in a row. On March 21st the Red Rams won the Federation Championship for the first time against James Madison High School by the score of 42–41. The Red Rams were led by Seniors Meg Hair, Kasey Vaughan and Jamie Boeheim. Other team members include: Sydney Baker, Lena Jones, Andrea Sumida, Gabriella Stickle, Paige Keeler, Noura El-Hindi, Momoka LaClair, and Kailey McKenna. The Red Rams are coached by Robert Seichen, Scott Gantos, Caroline Cottet and Bill O’Keefe. I am honored to recognize the teamwork displayed by the Jamesville-Dewitt Red Rams and to congratulate the members of the team, their families, the coaching staff, and teachers at Jamesville-Dewitt High School. This is a historic win for Central New York and I am confident that the positive experiences from the 2018 season will yield continued success in both athletics and academics. 
f 
HONORING THE REMARKABLE LIFE OF DOROTHY COTTON 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dorothy Cotton, a great American and unsung hero of the Civil Rights Movement, who dedicated her life in service to this country by working to eliminate the vestiges of Jim Crow segregation which paved the way for the freedoms and liberties all Americans enjoy today. As a member of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) family, I am heartbroken to learn of her death. Dorothy Cotton was like a mother figure to the young women in the movement; we yearned to be like her, someone who not only had a seat at the table but a voice. A voice that advised the Rev. Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. during times of challenge and crisis. A voice that challenged the patriarchal treat-ment of women within the movement by serv-ing as the only woman aide to the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19JN8.001 E19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE860 June 19, 2018 
A voice that oversaw the citizen education workshops that empowered disenfranchised African-Americans to register to vote. Born in Goldsboro, North Carolina, this tire-less civil rights activist who proclaimed that the Civil Rights Movement was her life, was described as a warm presence who sang spir-ituals to ease tensions at demonstrations. Educated at Shaw University, Virginia State College, and Boston University, Dorothy Cot-ton began engaging in activism at the Gillfield Baptist Church in Petersburg, Virginia where Dr. Wyatt Tee Walker, also head of the local chapter of the National Association for the Ad-vancement of Colored People, was pastor. There she began to organize protests against segregation in the local public library and at the whites-only lunch counter at Wool-worth. Shortly after Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. spoke at the church, he requested that Dr. Walker join him at the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) and Dorothy Cotton followed. At the SCLC, she served as an Administra-tive Assistant to Rev. Walker, quickly ascend-ing to directing citizen education workshops to empower disenfranchised African-Americans to register to vote. She recruited people, from pool halls to churches, to demand and exercise their vot-ing-rights. At the workshops, thousands of participants learned citizenship rights, black history, eco-nomic opportunity and organizing credit unions. With that knowledge, they went back to their communities educating other African-Ameri-cans on the importance of political power and to help them register to vote, even teaching them how to pass literacy tests. In addition, she trained children to partici-pate in demonstrations which became known as the Children’s Crusade, organized night marches against segregation in St. Augustine, Florida, and brought children to the local pub-lic beach to protest a whites-only policy. She regularly traveled with Dr. King, typing his famous I Have a Dream Speech, going with him to Oslo, Norway to receive the Nobel Peace Prize, and staying in a Memphis, Ten-nessee motel room next to his until hours be-fore his assassination in 1968. Dorothy Cotton remained active in civil rights and education after leaving the SCLC, moving to Ithaca, New York in 1982 to be Di-rector of Student Activities at Cornell Univer-sity. She worked with students to demand that Cornell University divest its financial ties to South Africa to protest the country’s apartheid policies. After retiring from the university, the Center for Transformative Action started the Dorothy Cotton Institute to advance global human rights in her honor. In addition, the Dorothy Cotton Jubilee Sing-ers was established to help preserve the spir-ituals she sung. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating Dorothy Cotton’s life and legacy. America is a better place because of Ms. Cotton and her service. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of Dorothy Cotton. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I was unavoidably absent for votes on June 12, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 258, and YEA on Roll Call No. 259. 
f 
HONORING DR. THOMAS A. PARHAM 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to recognize and honor Dr. Thomas A. Parham, an exemplary constituent and university administrator who I am im-mensely proud to represent. Dr. Parham is ending his 33-year tenure at the University of California, Irvine to become the President of California State University, Dominguez Hills. I know that Dr. Parham will take to Dominguez Hills with the same passion and drive that made his time at the University of California, Irvine such a success. Dr. Parham most recently held the position of Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs at the University of California, Irvine. Under his lead-ership, the Irvine student body was empow-ered to break down racial barriers in their classrooms and communities. Such work has been a staple of Dr. Parham’s career as he played an integral role in chartering the Or-ange County chapter of 100 Black Men of America, eventually serving as President from 2002 to 2005. Through this organization, Dr. Parham spearheaded programs in Orange County and Los Angeles which set education goals for high school students that aimed to bring underrepresented students to the top of the educational ladder. This work dem-onstrates Dr. Parham’s bearing to recognize vital areas of education that deserve continued attention and service. In addition to his work as a university administrator and community activist, Dr. Parham is also a voluminous au-thor who has been published over 45 times. His written works bring to light the importance of the African American identity and the role this plays in counseling a historically marginalized group. His focus on the success of students demonstrates his caring and com-passionate nature that has been a cornerstone of his career. Dr. Parham has truly had a great impact on all the lives he has touched and his dedication to the service of others will truly be remem-bered. Though he is leaving Orange County, I am certain that he will be successful in this new endeavor and wish him well in his con-tinuing mission to educate and mentor. With his vision and leadership, I am sure that the students at Dominguez Hills will be well served by Dr. Parham. HONORING DR. PATRICK J. SWEENEY HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Patrick J. Sweeney upon his retirement from a distinguished eight year tenure as Superintendent of Napa Valley Unified School District. Dr. Sweeney was born in Dublin, California and was one of eight siblings. He realized his passion for education at an early age and graduated from San Diego State University in 1979 with a Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Stud-ies. He then earned a Master of Arts in Ad-ministration and Supervision from San Jose State University in 1985, as well as a Doc-torate of Education in Educational Leadership from the University of La Verne in 2000. Dr. Sweeney has served Napa Valley Uni-fied School District (NVUSD) as Super-intendent since 2010. Under his leadership, NVUSD significantly increased its attendance and graduation rates, improved school safety and opened American Canyon High School. Dr. Sweeney also launched pivotal programs to improve student health and wellness, in-cluding opening Wellness Centers at the mid-dle schools in the district. Dr. Sweeney guided the district through monumental changes in federal and state education policy and two sig-nificant natural disasters. During the October 2017 fires, he opened American Canyon High School as a shelter and focused on ensuring Spanish-speaking families were receiving ac-curate and up to date information. In addition to serving NVUSD as Super-intendent, Dr. Sweeney has also greatly im-pacted other schools and districts. He was Principal of a Bilingual Magnet School in Santa Cruz County, California, Superintendent of the American School in Durango, Mexico and Superintendent, and later Director of Edu-cational Services, of the Patterson Joint Uni-fied School District. In all of his roles in var-ious schools and school districts, Dr. Sweeney has focused on building relationships within each community and has committed himself to serving students and educators from a broad range of cultural and socio-economic back-grounds. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Sweeney is a passionate educator with an esteemed record for giving back to his students, colleagues and the com-munity, who has dutifully served Napa Valley Unified School District as Superintendent for eight years. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Dr. Patrick J. Sweeney here today. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME RULE BRIDGES ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Home Rule Bridges Act. This bill is necessary to repeal a redundant 1997 federal law that makes it a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19JN8.001 E19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE861 June 19, 2018 
crime for a person in the District of Columbia to obstruct any bridge connecting D.C. and Virginia. The District already had, and con-tinues to have, its own local law prohibiting obstructing a bridge in the District. There is no federal law that prohibits a person in Virginia from obstructing such a bridge or a person in any state from obstructing a bridge connecting two states, and, fortunately, D.C. does not need a federal law to keep our bridges clear either. This law is as offensive as it is redundant. It harks back to a time when a private group in D.C. attempted to block the 14th Street Bridge into Virginia, although there is no evi-dence that D.C. authorities failed to act. The District’s local criminal law prohibiting obstruct-ing a bridge takes care of any obstruction oc-curring here. Under the 1997 federal law, ‘‘whoever in the District of Columbia knowingly and willfully ob-structs any bridge connecting the District of Columbia and the Commonwealth of Virginia . . . shall be fined not less than $1,000 and not more than $5,000, and in addition may be imprisoned not more than 30 days . . . .’’ Under D.C. law, a person may be subject to imprisonment and/or fines for ‘‘crowd[ing], obstruct[ing], or incommod[ing] . . . [t]he use of any street, avenue, alley, road, highway, or sidewalk.’’ The courts have long held that D.C. may re-peal federal laws that predate the 1973 Home Rule Act (HRA) and apply exclusively in or to the District, but have not ruled on whether D.C. may repeal post-HRA federal laws that apply exclusively in or to the District. My bill would avoid any court challenge the District could face if it tries to repeal this 1997 federal law. This is an important step to increase home rule for the District, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HISTORY OF LYONS, NEW YORK 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the important history of Lyons, New York. Recently, the town’s iconic downtown historical district was granted a designation on the National Register of Historic Places. This designation allows for the town to keep and preserve many historical buildings and land-marks. Located in Wayne County, the Town of Lyons was originally settled in the late 1700’s and then, in 1796, renamed after Lyons, France. The construction of the Erie Canal was pivotal to the growth of the town. The town also grew due to an abundant amount of peppermint oil, and a great deal of manufac-turing. I would like to congratulate Joan Delaro, the Executive Director of the Lyons Main Street Program. This program is essential to the Lyons community, as is it assists local busi-nesses, organizes community clean up and beautification program, and leads the effort to designation downtown Lyons as a historical area. I would also like to thank Brian Manktelow, town supervisor, and all of the town board members for their support in des-ignating Lyons a historical place. This new designation not only allows for the community to preserve and revitalize many buildings and landmarks, but it will also help encourage economic development. I am proud that Lyons has received this designation, and I will fight to make sure that it has the means it needs to be able to suc-ceed. f 
PASSING OF EARL MASSEY 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I am sad to report the passing of my dear friend and colleague, and a former Congressional staff member, Earl Massey, laid to rest on June 16, 2018. Devoted to Los Angeles and to serving its diverse communities, Earl was an activist, who worked with the faith community, small busi-nesses, nonprofit organizations and govern-ment agencies to help the community thrive. Having grown up in a military family, he went to work for the Los Angeles Fire Department in 1980. He came to work with me at the Community Coalition for Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment shortly after the civil unrest in 1992, and he founded his own orga-nization, Surviving in Recovery (SIR) that same year. Earl aided in the development of prevention and intervention programs with a wide range of issues such as substance abuse, HIV/AIDS, police and community relations, violence pre-vention, teen pregnancy prevention, STD pre-vention, and teen drug prevention/intervention, including for Charles Drew University. He was a contributing author to Substance Abuse Pre-vention: A Multicultural Model by Snehendu B. Kar published in 1999, he worked on research projects with UCLA and the Rand Corp., and is accredited with contributions to multiple publications. When President Bill Clinton of-fered a long-overdue apology for the Tuskegee Syphilis Study in 1997, he worked with the Presidential committee tasked with establishing trust between researchers and mi-nority communities. I welcomed him to my Congressional staff when first elected, and I appreciated his many community connections, his work ethic, and his focus on service and social justice. Later in life Earl focused on emergency pre-paredness. Having survived the Great Alaska Earthquake of 1964 as a child, he knew the disruption and harm that results when people are unprepared for disaster. His firm, Disaster Awareness Project, conducted seminars for hundreds of people. At the time of his passing, Earl served as Vice Chairperson for the Latin American Bible Institute College Board of Trustees and advisor to the American Red Cross, USC’s Southern California Earthquake Center, The Great Shakeout, CERT (Commu-nity Emergency Response Team) and a mul-titude of nonprofit organizations in Los Ange-les County and Central California. Earl touched many, many lives and his passing leaves a hole in the community that all of us must work to fill. May he rest in peace. HARRIS COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE DEPUTIES SAVE LIVES HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in the past month, four deputies of the Harris County Sheriff’s Office saved two lives. On a Sunday morning in early May, Depu-ties Jesse Leal and Rebecca Cruz were driv-ing along I–45 when they came upon a man dangling from an I–45 overpass, apparently at-tempting to take his own life. Covered in mud, oil, and water from a previous call, Leal pulled over and dashed to the side of the bridge. He and Cruz then leaned over the edge of the overpass, risking their own wellbeing, and began heaving the 21-year-old back onto the road. Leal injured his knee in the process, but the two successfully pulled the young man to safety. In June, Deputy Blake McElhaney was driv-ing home, exhausted after having worked the night shift. On his way, he noticed an acci-dent, a nasty one, on the side of the road. Al-though he was no longer on duty, McElhaney pulled over and jumped out of his car to help the victims. Upon his arrival, he discovered an infant, just seven months old, trapped under a dash-board. He called for backup, and then pro-ceeded to shield the helpless baby from glass. Backup came in the form of Deputy Joe Leal. Leal rushed to the side of his partner and lifted the dashboard enough to take pres-sure off of the infant. The two continued to protect the small girl until the Spring Volunteer Fire Department arrived. With their assistance, Leal raised the dashboard high enough to pull the baby out of the wrecked car safely. The girl was then life-flighted to a nearby hospital. For their exceptional performance in the line of duty, these four members of the Thin Blue Line were awarded Deputy of the Month Awards by the HCSO for the months of May and June respectively. In true blue blood fash-ion, the deputies deflected credit of their he-roic efforts to save the lives of two Houstonians, instead highlighting the assist-ance received from other first responders and ordinary citizens on site during both events. Mr. Speaker, the men and women who wear the badge are a cut above the rest. Our peace officers protect us from harm, and these events further demonstrate how lucky we are to have such men and women as Deputies Rebecca Cruz, Jesse Leal, Joe Leal, and Blake McElhaney looking out for us. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TOM KLASNER 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Tom Klasner, who was honored with the 2017 Rural County En-gineer Award in April. Over the last 16 years, Tom has worked to reduce the number of 19 structurally deficient or obsolete bridges in Jersey County down to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19JN8.005 E19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE862 June 19, 2018 
just five, with plans to further reduce that num-ber. Tom has been an outspoken advocate for improving this infrastructure, especially those traveling with heavy farm equipment. Most of the bridges had been made of timber during the 1920’s and 50’s, and were deteriorating rapidly. Tom has been a strong advocate for im-proving the Highway Department facility on Illi-nois Route 16. He has worked relentlessly to make sure Jersey County’s Highway Depart-ment employees and their equipment is being protected and kept safe especially during the harsh winter months. Tom is an exceptional individual within my congressional district. His leadership and ex-pertise has made a lasting impact on Jersey County. Congratulations, Tom, on receiving the 2017 Rural County Engineer Award. I look forward to continuing to work with him throughout the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for roll call votes because I was un-avoidably detained. I wish to reflect my intent and strong support for the following legislation to address the opioid crisis. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 2851, Roll. 268; YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 5735, Roll. 266; YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 5890, Roll. 263; and YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 5891, Roll. 264. 
f 
HONORING ALFIO RAUSA, MD, MPH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Dr. Alfio Rausa, M.D., a public health hero who worked valiantly for half a century to improve the health of Mis-sissippians. Dr. Alfio Rausa, M.D. passed away at home after several months of illness on January 3, 2018. He leaves a legacy of dedication to countless public health and community efforts, including his work at the Mississippi State De-partment of Health (MSDH); his work as a family medicine physician; his contributions to the Golden Age Nursing Home; his founding of Life Help, a regional mental health and re-tardation center; his founding of a youth soc-cer league; his work as Chairman of the Fannie Lou Hamer Cancer Foundation; and his contributions to many other projects and boards. He is the recipient of many awards and honors, including the 2007 Greenwood Commonwealth Community Service Award and the 1992 Felix J. Underwood Award for public health service. Dr. Rausa originally came to Greenwood as a Lieutenant Commander with the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps, a position he held from 1966 to 1970. Raised in the Bronx, Dr. Rausa’s intention was to stay in Mississippi for a year, but his plans changed when he saw all the work to be done. In 1970, Dr. Rausa accepted a position as Regional Public Health Officer in Greenwood with MSDH, and in 1980, he was promoted to District Health Officer. At first he was over Public Health District III and then over District I as well, for a total of 18 counties, including some of the poorest in the state. He held this position until last summer when he retired, partly because of the consolidation of offices due to state budget cuts. As District Health Officer, one of the projects for which Dr. Rausa served as med-ical consultant was WIC and its breastfeeding peer counselor program. He fully supported this program, always encouraged the peer counselors, and was always willing to speak with other physicians, the media, hospitals, or at events about the benefits of breastfeeding. He emceed CHAMPS’ first conference in Mis-sissippi in 2015, ‘‘The Delta Breastfeeding Summit,’’ and gave opening comments on the importance of breastfeeding. Freddie White-Johnson, MPPA, President and Founder of the Fannie Lou Hamer Cancer Foundation, where Dr. Rausa served as Chair-man until his death, also has fond memories of Dr. Rausa. She knew him since she was 29 years old when she worked for him on a project called Partners for Improved Nutrition and Health and then at MSDH. He served as District III health officer for the Mississippi Department of Health, overseeing its disease-control and wellness efforts in a nine county area that included Leflore and Carroll counties. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Alfio Rausa, MD, MPH for his dedication to serving others. f 
BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTERS, RUDY BALDONI 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have the Big Brothers Big Sisters na-tional headquarters in my district, Tampa, Flor-ida. Big Brothers Big Sisters is lead by the former two-term mayor, Pam Iorio who is be-loved in Tampa, and we are proud of her and Big Brothers Big Sisters across America. Today in that spirit, I rise to honor the accom-plishments of a true advocate for children ev-erywhere, Mr. Rudy Baldoni. His tireless work for Big Brothers Big Sisters has impacted the lives of countless youths. I am grateful to rec-ognize the incredible work he has put into the nation’s oldest and most effective mentoring organization. Mr. Baldoni, as the two-year National Board Chairman of Big Brothers Big Sisters, has been instrumental in creating meaningful and positive change within this incredible organiza-tion and for young people who need a sup-portive mentor. Today, he continues to dedi-cate his time and energy to this important cause—leading the board in a time of progress and change. Mr. Baldoni was born and grew up in Cali-fornia, eventually attending the University of Southern California. He earned his J.D. from Western State’s College of Law and attended UC Irvine in 1989 to earn another degree in Commercial and Industrial Development and Management. Following his education, Mr. Baldoni worked in real estate development as President of Arnel Development Company until 2007 and became President and CEO of Newport Investment Associates in 2008, where he continued to manage growth and venture capital investments. Mr. Baldoni got his start with Big Brothers Big Sisters after volunteering to host a dinner for the Orange County, California affiliate. In the fine tradition of volunteer organizations ev-erywhere, after raising more money than any previous dinner, he found himself chairing the board. In 2012, Mr. Baldoni joined the National Board. His passion and drive for Big Brothers Big Sisters caused him to stand out, as he drove to find new ways to improve the organi-zation and both expand and improve its reach. Mr. Baldoni was named National Board Chair-man in 2016 and was instrumental in sculpting a five-year plan for the organization, along with the introduction of new modern tech-nology that tracks the match between a Big and a Little. He has also played a huge role in adopting new criteria for all Big Brother Big Sister affiliates to improve standardization be-tween chapters and has worked to rebrand the organization as a whole. Overall, Mr. Baldoni’s time working with Big Brothers Big Sisters has been characterized by his unwavering loyalty and dedication to this cause of mentorship. His national per-spective combined with a local understanding of issues has made him an incredibly gifted leader who continues to work for change. His unwavering and endless dedication to this cause has made him a true champion for kids. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Tampa Bay community, proud home of the national head-quarters for Big Brothers Big Sisters, I am proud to honor Mr. Baldoni for his formidable efforts and investment in our children all across America. The time and energy he has put into this organization shaped the futures of children from all different backgrounds. By strengthening communities and allowing these positive relationships to grow within Big Broth-ers Big Sisters, his work empowers children from Tampa Bay and beyond to achieve, suc-ceed and flourish a blessing not just for them but for all of us. 
f 
RECOVERING AT THE REFUGE RANCH 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in Austin, Texas there is a beautiful community with pets, rooms for arts and music, and beds for 48 young girls. No, this is not a sorority house, rather it is a safe haven for victims of domes-tic sex trafficking. Known as The Refuge Ranch, this commu-nity is designed to assist girls that have been rescued from the evils of sex trafficking and will open its doors this coming August. When the first girls arrive at the ranch, they will have access to a school, counselors, and different types of therapy including art, garden, and music therapy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19JN8.006 E19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE863 June 19, 2018 
Not only will these girls find an abundance of resources on the grounds, they will also each be able to create a unique plan of res-toration known as the Refuge Circle of Care. While volunteers have been working tirelessly to build these facilities and bring in furniture, girls all over America have been raising money for the cause. One organization of passionate college- aged women known as ‘‘Pedal the Pacific’’ will be cycling 1,700 miles down the west coast to raise $250,000 for the ranch—more than dou-ble the $60,000 they raised last year. It is through people such as these that commu-nities like the Ranch are able to be built and provide victims a home where they can heal. Such spaces are necessary, as today in my home state of Texas there are almost 79,000 minors that are victims of sex trafficking. Yet, even though child sex trafficking is the fastest growing crime in this country, there are not even 600 beds offered nationwide for child sex trafficking survivors to be able to recover long- term. Organizations like Refuge Ranch have the right idea in creating more communities and offering more beds to victims of this hor-rific crime. When it opens in August, the Ref-uge Ranch will be the largest live-in rehabilita-tion facility for rescued victims of minor sex trafficking in the United States. Those at the Refuge Ranch have the right idea and I am certain that they will provide 48 young girls with not just a safe place to sleep, but a home in which they can heal. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
KATHERINE WOOD 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Katherine (Katie) Wood for receiving the Congressional Gold Award. The Congressional Award is an award from the United States Congress for young Ameri-cans who demonstrate excellence in four pro-gram areas: Voluntary Public Service, Per-sonal Development, Physical Fitness and Ex-pedition/Exploration. It is awarded to young people who strive to challenge themselves and reach new goals. Katie received this award because of her determination, hard work and achievements in these program areas. This year, Katie is being awarded the Gold Congressional Award—the highest honor and a tremendous accomplish-ment! In past years, Katie has earned two Sil-ver Congressional Awards. This type of achievement can only be at-tained with hard work and perseverance, both of which have been exemplified by Katie in this award process and in her day-to-day life. I applaud students like Katie who work to make the most of their education, commit to being lifelong learners and develop a work ethic and new skills which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Katie Wood for winning the Congressional Gold Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. HONORING THE LIFE OF MARGUERITE FREEMAN HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Marguerite Freeman of Bain-bridge Island, Washington, who passed away on Monday, June 18, 2018. Marge—as she was known to her friends— lived an eventful life. As she said in her mem-oir, ‘‘I’ve tasted the pioneers’ hardships’’ and ‘‘moved into the 21st century and saw all the changes, a complex technological future . . .’’ Born into a family of Swedish and Danish immigrants who homesteaded in Birka, North Dakota, she was the seventh of Arthur and Elda Leidholm’s nine children. She recalled the Great Depression, the hope of the New Deal, including her older brothers enlisting in the Civilian Conservation Corps, and the per-severance of farmers. As she said, ‘‘My par-ents’ courage and determination was passed on to us and we were taught to never be afraid of failure but work hard at what we be-lieved in, to be honest and true to ourselves.’’ And while she often cited Ronald Reagan’s adage that ‘‘we were poor, but we didn’t know it,’’ from her very first vote, in 1944, to her last, she was a proud FDR Democrat. World War II was a turning point in Marge’s life. She followed her brothers west to Seattle. There she joined the war effort, earning 67 cents an hour as a ‘‘Rosie the Riveter’’ on the B–17 production line for Boeing. There, too, she met her future husband, Donald Freeman, on leave from the USS Indiana stationed in Bremerton. They were married on July 20, 1946 at Gethsemane Lutheran Church in Se-attle. On that day, in a way, she also joined the Navy. They travelled the country and the world with a growing family of three boys. It was not until Don’s retirement that they truly found a home, settling on Bainbridge Island. Marge became an integral part of our community, vol-unteering at her beloved Bethany Lutheran Church and the local Helpline House. Her deep faith and love permeated all she did. The story of Marguerite Freeman is a life of service; service to God; service to her country; service to her family; and service to her com-munity. Her memory and her spirit live on in her friends and family. Today, our thoughts are with them: her sons Terry, Mark, and Don, her six grandchildren and her nine great-grand-children. Mr. Speaker, today, we remember Mar-guerite Freeman. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on June 15, 2018, I was not present and voting in the House of Representatives. Had I been present for roll call vote 267, I would have voted no. Had I been present for roll call vote 268, I would have voted no. CONGRATULATING KAREN RICHARD HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, on June 25, 2018, Mrs. Karen Richard will retire after 31 years of service to the town of Colchester, Vermont. Mrs. Richard was elected in 1998 as Colchester Town Clerk and Treasurer after 11 years of work in the local assessor’s office. She quickly led the town in replacing outdated voting machines and optimizing the town’s election process. Perhaps her greatest con-tribution to the town was her efforts to digitize the town’s land records. Because of Mrs. Richard, Colchester was one of the first towns in Vermont to digitize their land records and by the end of the year, all the records will be available for the public online. At a time when many municipal employees are being asked to go above and beyond for their residents, Mrs. Richard’s leadership was transformational. Her hard work was recognized when she earned the awards of Vermont Clerk of the Year in 2007 and Vermont Treasurer of the Year in 2014. Outside of her elected role, she has been Chair of the Vermont Municipal Clerks and Treasurers Association’s Legislative Com-mittee, a member of the Champlain Water Dis-trict Board of Commissioners, and Clerk/ Treasurer for Colchester Fire District No. 3. Mr. Speaker, her exceptional work on behalf of Vermont communities will surely be missed and I wish Mrs. Richard well in her retirement. 
f 
HONORING RANDY COOK 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise today to honor Farm Service Agency Wis-consin District 1 Director Randy Cook. Mr. Cook has spent over 30 years of his professional career serving his community and the great state of Wisconsin. Mr. Cook knew from the beginning the importance of carrying on the values and honor of farming by teach-ing agriculture from 1981 to 1987 at Cameron High School. His willingness to help farms big and small achieve the American dream was shown through his work at the Farm Service Agency. Mr. Cook served 21 years as executive direc-tor in the counties of Pierce, Dunn, and his home community of Barron County. His care and love for farmers over those two decades made him a natural fit as District 1 Director of the Wisconsin Farm Service Agency where he served for the past 10 years. On behalf of the residents of Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District, I wanted to say thank you to Mr. Cook for devoting his skills, passion, and knowledge to the greatest asset in the state of Wisconsin, our farmers. I am proud to call him a friend, leader, and a con-stituent of this Congressional District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19JN8.008 E19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE864 June 19, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF CAM MARTIN 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding individual, Mr. J. Campbell ‘‘Cam’’ Martin, in recognition of his retirement from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). After four dec-ades of Federal service, Cam recently retired from NASA Armstrong Flight Research Center at Edwards Air Force Base, California. Cam earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Logistics from Pennsylvania State University. Later, he received a Master of Arts & Administrative Sciences from George Wash-ington University. A longtime patriot and public servant, Cam served in the United States Navy before beginning his career with NASA Langley Research Center in 1988. While at Langley, he received the NASA Group Achievement Award for the Airborne Wind Shear Flight Operations Campaign fore-shadowing a long and fruitful career. In 1994, NASA Armstrong, formerly NASA Dryden Flight Research Center, was fortunate to gain Cam as Chief of the Office of External Affairs, and he has remained an integral member of the Armstrong community. Cam distinguished himself as a man who truly loved what he did, and he never failed to inspire an interest in aeronautical science with those who worked with him. It was this pas-sion that drove Cam to advocate for years to change the name of the Dryden Flight Re-search Center to the Armstrong Flight Re-search Center. Cam knew better than most of Neil Armstrong’s legacy as a test pilot at the Center from 1955 to 1962, and through his great effort and collaboration with NASA and our community, the site was renamed in 2014 after the first person to walk on the Moon. As Armstrong’s Legislative Affairs liaison, Cam has served as an incredible resource on all things space and science-related, always underscoring why NASA’s mission is worthy of support. Usually soft-spoken, whenever Cam started to extol the great work being done at Armstrong, I could hear the excitement and passion rise in his voice. He never engaged in hyperbole—he never had to since the work at Armstrong is truly amazing. During Cam’s ten-ure at Armstrong, NASA and Lockheed Martin made significant progress on the Quiet Super-sonic Technology X-Plane (QUESST), a pro-gram designed to quiet the sound of a sonic boom and offer the world the promise of com-mercial supersonic air travel. Among Cam’s other achievements at NASA Armstrong was his successful advocacy for the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA) program, which still flies to this day and pro-vides incredible science. During the fatal test flight crash of SpaceShip Two on October 31, 2014, Cam provided on-scene contingency communications support throughout the day directly to the chief executive of Mojave Air and Space Port, who described those con-tributions as providing ‘‘calm presence’’ and having ‘‘professional brilliance.’’ Additionally, Cam has routinely served as a member of my Service Academy Panel, offering his expertise as a former Navy man to advise me on my annual appointments to the United States Service Academies. Cam Martin’s career at Armstrong will be re-membered for his passion and energy, his avi-ator sunglasses, leather fighter pilot jacket, and of course his classic Mustang. I am grate-ful to be able to count him as a friend, and while he will no longer be working at Arm-strong, I know that Cam will continue to advo-cate for space, science, technology, and, most importantly the first ‘‘A’’ in NASA-aeronautics. After many years of service to our nation, I know that Cam looks forward to spending more time with his wife, Susi, and his children, Scott and Skye. Cam will be missed at NASA, but I salute his dedication to his field and country. I wish him the best as he begins this new chapter of his life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFETIME OF SERVICE AND MINISTRY OF PAS-TOR DENIS M
CBRIDE 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Pastor Denis McBride of the PCC Campus Church for his remarkable lifetime of service and ministry in Northwest Florida and around the world. He began his ministry serving as a youth pastor, in addition to teaching history and Bible prior to his move to Pensacola, FL. He is a favorite among students across the nation and world as he dynamically taught Bible and history for over 25 years through the ABeka Academy distance-learning program. In August of 2011, God called him to pastor Campus Church located on the premises of Pensacola Christian College. Pastor McBride displays a genuine love for families and a heart for young people. As senior pastor of the Campus Church, he not only ministered to students, but also local families and thousands more across the coun-try through the Rejoice telecast. People are automatically drawn to Pastor McBride for his down-to-earth personality and genuine interest in each member’s spiritual well-being. Faith and family values are the pillars of Northwest Florida, and it is an honor for me to have faith leaders in our district, such as Pas-tor McBride, who represent, preserve and pro-mote those strong values through their leader-ship and service. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to congratulate Pas-tor Denis McBride for his lifetime of service and the extraordinary legacy he leaves for fu-ture leaders of our Faith. 
f 
HONORING LAKEISHA RICHARDSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable profes-sional, Dr. Lakeisha Richardson. As an alumna of Xavier University, the Uni-versity of Tennessee Medical School and the University of Mississippi School of Medicine, the illustrious Dr. Lakeisha Richardson, has emerged as one of the nation’s most brilliant and well-respected Board-Certified Obstetri-cian/Gynecologist. ‘‘Dr. Lakeisha’’ as she is af-fectionately called by her clients and col-leagues, advises and motivates women to prioritize their health, which she contends is their ‘‘true wealth’’. When she is not delivering babies, treating patients, or saving lives in the ER, Dr. Lakeisha is captivating audiences at univer-sities, corporate events, conferences, church-es and nonprofit organizations, where she shares information about women’s health strategies, self-empowerment, mental and psy-chological well-being, and the art of living a balanced life. Her compelling story of personal challenges and triumphs combined with a compassionate heart and a wealth of knowledge makes Dr. Lakeisha relatable to all audiences. Her warm spirit, winning smile and engaging personality also leaves audiences captivated and inspired to live their best lives spiritually, physically, mentally, emotionally, and financially. Dr. Lakeisha is also very passionate about issues relating to women’s sexual health. Her brilliance, expertise, and ability to provide women with the knowledge, skills and strate-gies they need in order to experience true inti-macy, sexual pleasure, and fulfillment has led Dr. Lakeisha to facilitate numerous sessions on topics such as Communicating with Your Partner, Being an Active Part in Your Sexual Fulfillment, Overcoming Sexual Fears, Navi-gating New Sexual Territory, and Creating Your Ultimate Life. Dr. Lakeisha is also a well-known speaker, consultant, radio show host, and an adjunct professor. She is the Founder and CEO of Dr. Lakeisha Ob/Gyn and has a successful private practice in Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Lakeisha Richardson for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the community. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON ESTES 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote No. 267 on Agreeing to the Amendment, the Thornberry of Texas Part A Amendment No. 4. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. I was not present for Roll Call vote No. 268 on Passage of H.R. 2851. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, if I were present, I would have voted NO on roll call number 265 to H.R. 5788. If I were present, I would have voted NO on roll call number 266 to H.R. 5735. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19JN8.013 E19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE865 June 19, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 267 and 268 on Friday, June 15, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on June 15, 2018, I was on personal medical leave and not present for the following votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: on Roll Call Vote 265, on Passage of H.R. 5788, the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act, I would have voted Aye; on Roll Call Vote 266, on Passage of H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act, I would have voted Present; on Roll Call Vote 267, on Agreeing to the Thornbury Amend-ment, I would have voted No; and on Roll Call Vote 268, on Passage H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Ana-logues Act, I would have voted No. 
f 
HONORING MARY SIMS-JOHNSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Dr. Mary Sims-John-son who is currently the Executive Director of Madison County Citizens Services Agency in Canton, Mississippi, an Adjunct Graduate Pro-fessor at Jackson State University and an Independent Consultant. Dr. Mary Sims-Johnson completed her Ph.D. in 2003 at Jackson State University in Social Work Administration, Policy and Plan-ning. She earned her Master of Social Work degree from the University of Southern Mis-sissippi in Hattiesburg and her Bachelor’s De-gree in Psychology and Mental Health from Tougaloo College. She has over 40 years of Social Work experience in areas of Adminis-tration, Financial Management, Supervision, Field Instruction, Clinical, Grant Writing, Train-ing and Program Development. She has re-ceived Regional and National Awards, Ap-pointments and Special Recognitions. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Mary Sims-Johnson. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF GOVERNOR GEORGE DEUKMEJIAN (1928–2018) 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, on May 8th, one of California’s best governors passed on. George Deukmejian as Governor showed us how to power up an economy, unleash pri-vate enterprise, keep taxes at bay, keep vio-lent criminals behind bars while turning the Golden State even more golden. Like many Californians, George didn’t come from our state. Rather, he headed west from his boyhood in New York to find opportunity, to earn his living, to dream the big dream and create a life for his wife Gloria and his kids George Jr., Leslie and Andrea. He took a risk to head west and make a new life. Once he got to California he quickly excelled as an attorney, then moved on to make laws as well as enforce them. He was first elected to the California Assembly from his home town, Long Beach. The voters then moved him on to the State Senate. From there he was elected statewide to the office of Attor-ney General. In 1982, the strong, yet quiet- spoken man was elected Governor of Cali-fornia. With George at the helm, California enjoyed a surge of new economic growth: Silicon Val-ley came into its own, churning out more chips and computers; Hollywood pumped out more movies and TV and other entertainment, agri-culture produced more food that fed the coun-try and indeed the world. And all the while, the California aerospace industry built the rockets that took us into space, and created state-of- the-art aircraft and high-tech innovations that continue to keep our nation safe and economi-cally superior to all enemies and competitors. George Deukmejian, however, shouldn’t be judged only by the state’s startling economic record while he was Governor of California. His understanding and commitment to the rule of law and respect for our traditions and rules of civility defined him as a person and as a public figure. George Deukmejian knew that peace and safety were prerequisites of a happy life. He was, indeed, tough on crime, but his motives were based on protecting vic-tims, and yes, the innocent. But even though his call sign was the ‘‘Iron Duke’’, he was a leader with a good heart and a strong belief in American democratic ideals. It is often over-looked, for example, that Governor George Deukmejian led a fight in California to divest the state of assets tied to the racist apartheid government of South Africa. This commitment to freedom was not an anomaly. George’s family were survivors of the Armenian genocide of Ottoman Turkey. From the first-hand accounts of his family of this monstrous crime, he opened his eyes to the evil that plagues the world. The Deukmejian family found refuge in America to start a new life. George learned from his fam-ily’s experience to look forward with optimism and embrace the goodness and gifts that America had to offer. ‘‘True North’’ was George’s moral compass in governance, while principles and integrity were his twin anchors. Folks across the political spectrum admired him as a great political leader. From humble beginnings he became one of California’s great governors. Former Governor Deukmejian lived in retirement in his modest home in Long Beach. We shall miss him and we are grateful for his lifetime of service. He made California and America a better place. INTRODUCTION OF THE MARI-JUANA IN FEDERALLY ASSISTED HOUSING PARITY ACT HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Marijuana in Federally Assisted Housing Parity Act. My bill would permit the use of marijuana in federally assisted housing, including public housing and the Section 8 housing program, in compliance with the mari-juana laws of the state where the property is located. Individuals living in federally funded public housing should not be denied admission, or fear eviction, for using a legal product. The use of recreational and/or medicinal marijuana is currently legal in 29 states and the District of Columbia, and over 90 percent of Ameri-cans support legalized medical marijuana. Under current federal law, the users of drugs that are illegal under federal law, including marijuana, are prohibited from being admitted into federally assisted housing. Moreover, fed-eral law allows landlords to evict current resi-dents for drug use. Even the Food and Drug Administration has recently supported approv-ing certain medication made from cannabis, including Epidiolez, which would be adminis-tered as a syrup. Epidiolez is used to treat children who suffer from seizures. Notably, the drug does not contain tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, the psychoactive component in can-nabis. For the last several years, Congress has prohibited the Department of Justice (DOJ) from using federal funds to prevent jurisdic-tions from implementing their medical mari-juana laws. This bill would similarly allow indi-viduals to use marijuana in federally assisted housing in compliance with the state’s mari-juana laws. Under my bill, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development must also develop regula-tions that restrict smoking marijuana in feder-ally assisted housing in the same manner and to the same locations as the Secretary re-stricts smoking tobacco in federally assisted public housing. The Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment, like the DOJ, should not be al-lowed to enforce federal marijuana laws where states have taken action to legalize marijuana. The Marijuana in Federally Assisted Housing Parity Act states that a person may not be de-nied federally assisted housing based on the use of marijuana in compliance with the mari-juana laws of the state where the property is located. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, due to a per-sonal commitment, I was unable to vote on the following: Roll Call No. 267 and Roll Call No. 268. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19JN8.018 E19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE866 June 19, 2018 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
HONORING MR. SAL LUCIANO 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Sal Luciano of Water-town, Connecticut, for his lifelong commitment to improving the lives of working women and men. For decades, Mr. Luciano has been a passionate advocate for state, county, and municipal employees across Connecticut. On this, the occasion of his retirement, I would like to take the opportunity to thank and recog-nize him for his tireless and effective efforts that have helped so many, especially those who might not be able to speak up for them-selves. Mr. Luciano began his career as a social worker for the State of Connecticut’s Depart-ment of Children and Youth Services in 1980, investigating cases of abuse and neglect of children. Mr. Luciano was elected president of Local 2663, a Connecticut chapter of the American Federation of State, County and Mu-nicipal Employees in 1989 based on his record of proven leadership. In 2001, Mr. Luciano was appointed Executive Director of Council 4 in 2001 and was subsequently elect-ed to this position four times. In every one of these posts, Mr. Luciano has fought to ensure that dedicated public servants in Connecticut are treated with dignity and respect. In addition to representing working families in Connecticut, Mr. Luciano also served on my Congressional Labor Advisory Board. In this capacity, Mr. Luciano worked with other com-munity leaders to advise me on issues impor-tant to working people across Connecticut’s Fifth District. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Luciano has spent the last 38 years being a powerful voice for children and working men and women. Sal is pas-sionate, knowledgeable, and effective—A wor-thy opponent and a devoted friend. I thank him for his decades of hard work ensuring the protection and success of others, as well as his friendship and wise counsel to me. There-fore, it is fitting and proper that we honor Mr. Luciano here today. 
f 
HONORING DARNIKA MAYFIELD 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable commu-nity servant Darnika Mayfield. Darnika has shown what can be done through hard work, setting goals, and aiming high. On March 6, 2018, Darnika Mayfield made history as the first female from Warren County to graduate from the Mississippi Highway Pa-trol Training Academy. A former Warren Coun-ty sheriff’s deputy who was the Sheriff’s Dep-uty of the year in 2017. A native of Tchula, Mayfield moved to Hollandale and then Vicksburg, where she has lived for the past 23 years. She worked as a school bus monitor and teacher assistant in the GED program at the Vicksburg Warren School District’s Alternative School before join-ing the sheriff’s office, where she started work-ing in the county jail. She worked in the court-house for three years before deciding to join the Highway Patrol and attend the MHP Acad-emy in Pearl. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Darnika Mayfield for her dedica-tion to serving her community and desire to strive for success. f 
HONORING JIM SHRADER’S CA-REER IN SOUTHERN ILLINOIS’ NEWS 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Jim Shrader from Madison County, Illi-nois upon his retirement from a long news and publishing career in Southern Illinois. After attending Southern Illinois University- Edwardsville, Jim began building an impres-sive career. He started in advertising at the then-Granite City Journal and eventually be-came advertising director and publisher for the Alton Telegraph. Jim was also vice president of sales for Alton radio station WBGZ. Jim saw first-hand how the delivery of daily news evolved in the Information Age. Through it all, he succeeded in his industry and served as a great example of leadership in the news-room. For these reasons, I am proud to honor Jim Shrader for a great career with well-wish-es for an enjoyable retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, if I were present, I would have voted NO on roll call number 234, ordering the previous question on H. RES. 918. If I were present, I would have voted NO on roll call number 235 the rule for H. Res. 918. If I were present, I would have voted no on roll call number 236. If I were present, I would have voted yes on roll call number 237 the motion to recommit on H.R. 8. If I were present, I would have voted yes on roll call number 238 to H.R. 8. If I were present, I would have voted yes on roll call number 239 to H.R. 3249. 
f 
LISA LAMERE RETIRES AS SENIOR ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT SPE-CIALIST FOR CITY OF HESPERIA 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the exemplary career of City of Hesperia Senior Economic Development Spe-cialist Lisa Lamere, who will officially retire from her position on June 22, 2018. Since her hiring by the City of Hesperia six-teen years ago, Lisa has worked to improve her city and community. During her time, she has attracted, retained, and helped to expand businesses that have opened or relocated to Hesperia. Additionally, she has worked on grant applications to successfully secure state, federal, and private funding for projects to im-prove everything from infrastructure to edu-cation. When she’s not hard at work improving the business environment in Hesperia, Lisa is the President of the Mojave River Valley Horseman’s Association. Lisa has been a tremendous asset to City of Hesperia and the entire High Desert Commu-nity for well over a decade. I congratulate Lisa Lamere for her years of service and wish her the best in her retirement. f 
HONORING JESSICA HAYGOOD 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, Jessica Haygood is the daughter of Pearlie Haygood of Marks, Mississippi. She is a goal- oriented senior at Madison Shannon Palmer High School and has been an honor student since her freshman year. She is a cheerleader and a member of the Beta Club, Tri-County Workforce Alliance, Yearbook Committee, Stu-dent Council, and Lackey Scholar. She has re-ceived many awards and has been recognized for her outstanding academic performance through programs such as the ACT Scholars and Superintendent’s List. Jessica is an active member of the Mt. Zion Missionary Baptist Church of Lambert, Mis-sissippi. She is the Sunday School and Bible Class secretary, the sound room technician, and serves on both the praise dance team and mass choir. Occasionally, she teaches the youth Sunday school class. Not only is she active in her school and church, but she also volunteers in her commu-nity. She assists classmates after school, vol-unteers at Mule Train festival events, tutors’ students at Quitman County Elementary School, and is a member of the Reject all To-bacco volunteer group. She plans to obtain a degree in Biology at the University of Mis-sissippi. Afterwards, she plans to attend the University of Mississippi Medical Center and pursue a career in medicine. Jessica is an ex-ceptional student and extraordinary young lady who desires to make a difference in her com-munity. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Jessica Haygood as an extraor-dinary student who is goal oriented and mak-ing a difference in her community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, June 15, 2018, I missed votes. Had I been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19JN8.023 E19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE867 June 19, 2018 
present, I would have voted YEA on roll call votes no. 267 and 268. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing the votes held on June 19, 2018, I was in-escapably detained and away handling impor-tant matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present I would have voted YES on the SOUND Dis-posal and Packaging Act (H.R. 5687) and YES on Final Passage of the SENIOR Com-munities Protection Act (H.R. 5676). 153RD ANNIVERSARY OF JUNETEENTH HON. RANDY K. WEBER, SR. 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to recognize and celebrate Juneteenth. 153 years ago, General Gordon Granger and his Union troops rode into Galveston with an announcement that would change the course of history: ‘‘The people of Texas are informed that, in accordance with a proclamation from the Ex-ecutive of the United States, all slaves are freed.’’ These powerful words took Galveston, Texas, and our nation by storm. The remem-brance of Juneteenth is of great national sig-nificance. It is a day of reflection that inspires each of us. We commemorate the heritage and achievements of the African American community. The strength and spirit displayed at each passing anniversary of Juneteenth is remarkable. We must never forget our nation’s past. The evils and oppression of slavery have no place in society—not then and not now. We must re-member the moments like Juneteenth, that changed our nation for the better. We must grow from here and strive to always celebrate life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness—the unalienable rights that are the foundation of our nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19JN8.030 E19JNPT1
D693 Tuesday, June 19, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4011–S4251 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 3085–3091, and S. Res. 551.
                                                                  Page S4035 
Measures Reported: S. 207, to amend the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues. S. 2535, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to strengthen Drug Enforcement Administration dis-cretion in setting opioid quotas, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2645, to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to increase participation in drug take-back programs. S. 2789, to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diversion of controlled substances, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2838, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain information on distribution of opioids, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S4035 
Measures Passed: Global Food Security Reauthorization Act: Sen-ate passed S. 2269, to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. 
                                                                                    Pages S4248–49 
Measures Considered: Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act—Agreement: Senate continued con-sideration of H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, tak-ing action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                Pages S4012–20, S4021–32 Adopted: By 93 yeas to 3 nays (Vote No. 130), Alexander (for Gardner/Coons) Amendment No. 2914 (to Amendment No. 2910), to express the sense of the Senate regarding the need for funding for innovative scientific research.
                                                      Page S4022 
By a unanimous vote of 96 yeas (Vote No. 131), Carper/Alexander Amendment No. 2920 (to Amend-ment No. 2910), to direct the Secretary of the Army to submit a report on the status of returning to non- Federal project sponsors excess non-Federal funds. 
                                                                                    Pages S4021–22 
Pending: Shelby Amendment No. 2910, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S4012 
Alexander Amendment No. 2911 (to Amendment No. 2910), to make a technical correction. 
                                                                                            Page S4012 
McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2943 (to Amendment No. 2910), to increase funds for a nuclear demonstration program.
             Page S4249 
McConnell (for Baldwin/Portman) Amendment No. 2985 (to Amendment No. 2910), to set aside funds for cooperative agreements and laboratory sup-port to accelerate the domestic production of Molyb-denum-99.
                                                                     Page S4249 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, June 20, 2018.
                                                                                Page S4249 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 10 a.m., on Wednesday, June 20, 2018, Senate vote on or in relation to McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2943 (to Amendment No. 2910) (listed above), and McCon-nell (for Baldwin/Portman) Amendment No. 2985 (to Amendment No. 2910) (listed above) in the order listed; and that there be no second-degree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the votes.
                                                                        Page S4249 
Appointments: United States Capitol Preservation Commission: The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Sep 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\D19JN8.REC D19JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD694 June 19, 2018 
pursuant to Public Law 100–696, appointed the fol-lowing Senator as a member of the United States Capitol Preservation Commission: Senator Fischer. 
                                                                                            Page S4248 
Executive Report of Committee: Senate received the following executive report of a committee: Report to accompany Marrakesh Treaty to Facili-tate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled (Treaty Doc. 114–6) (Ex. Rept. 115–6). 
                                                                                            Page S4035 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4033–35 
Executive Report of Committee:                   Page S4035 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4035–37 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S4037 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4037–59 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4059 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4059 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—131)
                                                                Page S4022 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:39 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 20, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4249.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Homeland Security approved for full com-mittee consideration an original bill making appro-priations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government approved for full committee consideration an original bill making appropriations for financial services and general gov-ernment for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs approved for full committee consideration an original bill making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019. NOMINATION Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Lieutenant General Austin S. Miller, USA, to be general and Commander, Resolute Support Mission, North At-lantic Treaty Organization/Commander, United States Forces—Afghanistan, Department of Defense, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Burr, testified and answered questions in his own be-half. CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA AND FACEBOOK DATA PRIVACY RISKS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded a hearing to examine Cambridge Analytica and other Facebook partners, focusing on data privacy risks, after receiv-ing testimony from John Battelle, NewCo, San Fran-cisco, California; Aleksandr Kogan, University of Cambridge Department of Psychology, New York, New York; and Ashkan Soltani, Walnut, California. 320B DRUG PRICING PROGRAM Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine effective administration of the 340B Drug Pricing Program, after receiving testimony from Captain Krista M. Pedley, Director, Office of Pharmacy Affairs, Healthcare Systems Bureau, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services. EB–5 INVESTOR VISA PROGRAM Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the EB–5 investor visa program, after receiving testimony from L. Francis Cissna, Director, Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, Department of Homeland Security. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nomination of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Vet-erans’ Employment and Training. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. ALZHEIMER’S Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine changing the trajectory of Alz-heimer’s, focusing on reducing risk, detecting early 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19JN8.REC D19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D695 June 19, 2018 
symptoms, and improving data, after receiving testi-mony from Lisa C. McGuire, Lead, Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Pro-motion, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services; Teresa Osborne, Pennsylvania Department of Aging Sec-retary, Harrisburg; Gareth R. Howell, The Jackson Laboratory, Bar Harbor, Maine; Marcia Gay Harden, Los Angeles, California; and Cheryll Woods-Flowers, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 24 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6132–6155; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 947–950 were introduced.
                 Pages H5283–85 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5286–87 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 200, to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fish-ermen, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–758); H.R. 5676, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to authorize the suspension of payments by Medicare prescription drug plans and MA–PD plans pending investigations of credible allegations of fraud by pharmacies, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–759, Part 1); H.R. 5723, to require the Medicare Payment Ad-visory Commission to report on opioid payment, ad-verse incentives, and data under the Medicare pro-gram, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–760, Part 1); H.R. 5773, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to require Medicare prescription drug plans to establish drug management programs for at- risk beneficiaries, require electronic prior authoriza-tion for covered part D drugs, and to provide for other program integrity measures under parts C and D of the Medicare program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–761, Part 1); H.R. 5774, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop guidance on pain man-agement and opioid use disorder prevention for hos-pitals receiving payment under part A of the Medi-care program, provide for opioid quality measures development, and provide for a technical expert panel on reducing surgical setting opioid use and data collection on perioperative opioid use, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–762, Part 1); H.R. 5775, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to require Medicare Advantage plans and part D prescription drug plans to include informa-tion on the risks associated with opioids, coverage of certain nonopioid treatments used to treat pain, and on the safe disposal of prescription drugs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–763, Part 1); H.R. 5776, to amend title XVIII to provide for Medicare coverage of certain services furnished by opioid treatment programs, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–764, Part 1); H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–765); and H. Res. 949, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to provide for opioid use disorder pre-vention, recovery, and treatment, and for other pur-poses; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5797) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid services for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental diseases; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6082) to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confiden-tiality of substance use disorder patient records (H. Rept. 115–766).
                                                         Page H5283 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Hill to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H5227 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:28 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H5230 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Ron Bracy, Geneva Classical Christian School, Fair Oaks Ranch, TX.
       Page H5230 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 195 yeas to 152 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 271.
                                                             Pages H5230, H5272–73 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:11 p.m. and recon-vened at 2:34 p.m.
                                                   Page H5231 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19JN8.REC D19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD696 June 19, 2018 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Children’s Health Insurance Program Mental Health Parity Act: H.R. 3192, amended, to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to ensure access to mental health services for children under the Children’s Health Insurance Program;
    Pages H5231–33 
Medicaid Reentry Act: H.R. 4005, amended, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for medical assistance under Medicaid for inmates during the 30-day period preceding release from a public institution;
                                             Pages H5233–34 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To pro-mote State innovations to ease transitions to the community for individuals who are inmates of a public institution and eligible for medical assistance under the Medicaid program.’’.
                          Page H5234 
Securing Opioids and Unused Narcotics with Deliberate Disposal and Packaging Act of 2018: H.R. 5687, amended, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require improved pack-aging and disposal methods with respect to certain drugs, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 342 yeas to 13 nays, Roll No. 269;
                      Pages H5234–37, H5271–72 
Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treatment Act of 2018: H.R. 5796, amended, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible entities to provide technical assistance to outlier prescribers of opioids;
                      Pages H5237–39 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible entities to provide tech-nical assistance to outlier prescribers of opioids, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                 Page H5239 
Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act: H.R. 5605, amend-ed, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an opioid use disorder treatment dem-onstration program;
                                          Pages H5239–43 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to pro-vide for an opioid use disorder treatment demonstra-tion program, and for other purposes.’’.
        Page H5243 
Long-Term Opioid Efficacy Act of 2018: H.R. 5811, amended, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to postapproval study requirements for certain controlled substances; 
                                                                                    Pages H5243–44 
Amending title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assist-ance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification system: H.R. 6042, amended, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification system;                                Pages H5244–45 
Medicaid Providers Are Required To Note Expe-riences in Record Systems to Help In-need Patients Act: H.R. 5801, amended, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for requirements under the Medicaid program relating to the use of qualified prescription drug monitoring programs and prescribing certain controlled substances; 
                                                                                    Pages H5245–47 
Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act: H.R. 5590, amended, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for an action plan on rec-ommendations for changes under Medicare and Med-icaid to prevent opioids addictions and enhance ac-cess to medication-assisted treatment;
    Pages H5247–49 
Amending title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the review and adjustment of pay-ments under the Medicare outpatient prospective payment system to avoid financial incentives to use opioids instead of non-opioid alternative treat-ments: H.R. 6110, to amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to provide for the review and ad-justment of payments under the Medicare outpatient prospective payment system to avoid financial incen-tives to use opioids instead of non-opioid alternative treatments;
                                                            Pages H5249–54 
Combating Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals Act of 2018: H.R. 5774, amended, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop guidance on pain management and opioid use dis-order prevention for hospitals receiving payment under part A of the Medicare program, provide for opioid quality measures development, and provide for a technical expert panel on reducing surgical set-ting opioid use and data collection on perioperative opioid use;
                                                             Pages H5254–56 
Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educational Resources Act of 2018: H.R. 5775, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require Medicare Advantage plans and part D prescription drug plans to include information on the risks associated with opioids, coverage of certain nonopioid treatments used to treat pain, and on the safe disposal of prescription drugs;
           Pages H5256–58 
Preventing Addiction for Susceptible Seniors Act of 2018: H.R. 5773, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require Medicare pre-scription drug plans to establish drug management programs for at-risk beneficiaries, require electronic prior authorization for covered part D drugs, and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19JN8.REC D19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D697 June 19, 2018 
provide for other program integrity measures under parts C and D of the Medicare program; 
                                                                                    Pages H5258–61 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire electronic prior authorization for covered part D drugs and to provide for other program integrity measures under parts C and D of the Medicare pro-gram.’’.
                                                                            Page H5261 
Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement Communities Protection Act: H.R. 5676, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to authorize the suspension of payments by Medicare prescription drug plans and MA–PD plans pending investigations of credible allegations of fraud by pharmacies, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 356 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 270;
                  Pages H5261–64, H5272 
Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act of 2018: H.R. 5723, amended, to re-quire the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to report on opioid payment, adverse incentives, and data under the Medicare program;
           Pages H5264–65 
Supporting Research and Development for First Responders Act: H.R. 4991, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Na-tional Urban Security Technology Laboratory; 
                                                                                    Pages H5266–67 
Joint Task Force to Combat Opioid Trafficking Act of 2018: H.R. 5762, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the Department of Homeland Security’s border security operations to detect, interdict, disrupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from enter-ing the United States; and
                            Pages H5267–69 
Shielding Public Spaces from Vehicular Ter-rorism Act: H.R. 4627, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize expend-itures to combat emerging terrorist threats, includ-ing vehicular attacks.
                                       Pages H5269–71 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:48 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:50 p.m.
                                                   Page H5266 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:25 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H5271 
Motion to Fix Next Convening Time: Agreed by voice vote to the Calvert motion that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, June 20th for Morning Hour debate. 
                                                                                            Page H5273 
Senate Referral: S. 2652 was referred to the Com-mittee on Financial Services.
                               Page H5282 Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appear on page H5231. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5271–72, H5272, and H5273. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:56 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
OVERSIGHT OF THE FBI AND DOJ ACTIONS IN ADVANCE OF THE 2016 ELECTION Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee; and full Committee of the House Com-mittee on the Judiciary held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the FBI and DOJ Actions in Advance of the 2016 Election’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Horowitz, Inspector General, Department of Justice. INDIVIDUALS IN MEDICAID DESERVE CARE THAT IS APPROPRIATE AND RESPONSIBLE IN ITS DELIVERY ACT; OVERDOSE PREVENTION AND PATIENT SAFETY ACT; SUBSTANCE USE-DISORDER PREVENTION THAT PROMOTES OPIOID RECOVERY AND TREATMENT FOR PATIENTS AND COMMUNITIES ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5797, the ‘‘Individuals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Appropriate and Responsible in its De-livery Act’’; H.R. 6082, the ‘‘Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act’’; and H.R. 6, the ‘‘Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Re-covery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 6 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–76, modified by Rules Committee Print 115–78 and the amendment print-ed in part A of the Rules Committee report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19JN8.REC D19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD698 June 19, 2018 
printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 5797 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee of Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part C of the Rules Committee report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only those further amendments print-ed in part D of the report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part D of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. In section 3, the rule provides for the consideration for H.R. 6082 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–75 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Finally, in section 4, the rule directs the Clerk to, in the engrossment of H.R. 6, add the text of H.R. 2851, H.R. 5735, and H.R. 5797, as passed by the House as a new matter at the end of H.R. 6 and make technical and con-forming modifications in the engrossment. Testi-mony was heard from Chairman Brady of Texas, Chairman Walden, and Representatives Barton, Pal-lone, Judy Chu of California, Dunn, Maxine Waters of California, Mimi Walters of California, and Mullin. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D643) 
H.R. 3663, to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. Signed on June 15, 2018. (Public Law 115–183) H.R. 4910, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks. Signed on June 15, 2018. (Public Law 115–184) H.R. 3249, to authorize the Project Safe Neigh-borhoods Grant Program. Signed on June 18, 2018. (Public Law 115–185) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sub- committee on National Security and International Trade and Finance, to hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, fo-cusing on how criminal organizations launder money and innovative techniques for fighting them, 2:30 p.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, and Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Administrator, and Peter C. Wright, of Michigan, to be Assistant Ad-ministrator, Office of Solid Waste, both of the Environ-mental Protection Agency, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine cur-rent and proposed tariff actions administered by the De-partment of Commerce, 9 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine United States Agency for International Development resources and redesign, 10:15 a.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19JN8.REC D19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D699 June 19, 2018 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine Medicaid fraud and overpay-ments, focusing on problems and solutions, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-ing to examine promoting traditional subsistence activi-ties in Native communities, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, and Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Roy Kalman Altman, and Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, and Raul M. Arias- Marxuach, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Puerto Rico, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Rules and Administration: to hold hearings to examine election security preparations, focusing on a state and local perspective, 10:30 a.m., SR–301. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine the policy response to Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SH–219, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Bill; and the Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2019, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Health System Re-form: Pain Management, Opioids Prescription Manage-ment and Reporting Transparency’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, begin markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2019, 12:30 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Development, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Occupational Licensing: Reducing Barriers to Economic Mobility and Growth’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examina-tion of the GAO Audit Series of HHS Cybersecurity’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Bene-fits of Tax Reform on the Energy Sector and Consumers’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering a Pro-Growth Economy by Cut-ting Taxes and Regulatory Red Tape’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Illicit Use of Virtual Currency and the Law Enforcement Response’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Afghanistan’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘The Trump-Kim Summit: Outcomes and Oversight’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights Concerns in Sri Lanka’’, 2:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 6087, the ‘‘Removing Barriers to Energy Inde-pendence Act’’; H.R. 6088, the ‘‘Streamlining Permitting Efficiency in Energy Development Act’’; H.R. 6106, the ‘‘Common Sense Permitting Act’’; and H.R. 6107, the ‘‘Ending Duplicative Permitting Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Hold-ing Cuban Leaders Accountable’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Communities That Think Small and Win Big’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-sight, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on IRS and DOJ Efforts to Return Seized Funds to Taxpayers’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19JN8.REC D19JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD700 June 19, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, and vote on or in relation to McCon-nell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2943 and McConnell (for Baldwin/Portman) Amendment No. 2985 in the order listed at 10 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Wednesday, June 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 5797—IMD CARE Act (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 6082—Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act (Sub-ject to a Rule). Begin consideration of H.R. 6—SUP-PORT for Patients and Communities Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E861 Bishop, Rob, Utah, E859 Black, Diane, Tenn., E862 Bost, Mike, Ill., E866 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E862 Cook, Paul, Calif., E866 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E860 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E861 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E865 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E863 Estes, Ron, Kans., E864 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E866 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E864 Granger, Kay, Tex., E859 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E865 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E859 Katko, John, N.Y., E859, E861 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E863 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E864, E866 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E864 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E860, E865 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E863 Poe, Ted, Tex., E861, E862 Reichert, David G., Wash., E865 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E865 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E867 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E862, E864, E865, E866, E866 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E860 Tonko, Paul, N.Y., E863 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E859 Weber, Randy K., Sr., Tex., E867 Welch, Peter, Vt., E863 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E860 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E866 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D19JN8.REC D19JNPT1