Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9473 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2018 No. 179 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
OST). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 13, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
IKEBOST to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of this assembly as they return to the work facing them—work that needs to be done. Give them the wisdom they need and the charity they must possess to work together. Help them to make wise deci-sions in a good manner. We ask Your blessing as well on those newly elected, or reelected, to this assembly. May they all fully un-derstand the trust that has been given them, to represent not only those whose votes they received, but those who did not vote for them as well. All are citizens, to be represented by the new Members in this people’s House. May Your blessing, O God, be with them and with us all this day and every day to come, and may all we do be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. POE of Texas led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNIZING TAYLOR ANDREAE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, it is with sincere gratitude and appreciation that I have the oppor-tunity to recognize Taylor Andreae, former deputy chief of staff for South Carolina’s Second Congressional Dis-trict. I will always appreciate Taylor for his years of service on behalf of the people of South Carolina. Taylor is a graduate of Wake Forest University and is a recent graduate of the United States Army War College, where he received a master’s degree in strategic studies and national security policy studies. Taylor worked on a wide array of issues, specializing in armed services, national security, and foreign affairs. Beginning as a military legislative as-sistant in 2014, it has been an honor to work with such a dedicated public serv-ant who began his service with Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM . Taylor will continue his service as chief of staff for Representative M
IKE G
ALLAGHER . I know his parents, Jane and Chip, are grateful for his success, as both have been congressional staff members, with Chip being former chief of staff for Senator Richard Lugar from Indiana. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our prayers for the victims of the wildfires in California. f 
WORLD WAR I MEMORIAL (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, World War I ended 100 years ago. Dur-ing the brutal, bloody war, thousands were killed in an area of France and Belgium called Flanders. ‘‘In Flanders Fields,’’ by John McCrae. 
In Flanders fields the poppies blow Between the crosses, row on row, That mark our place; and in the sky The larks, still bravely singing, fly Scarce heard amid the guns below. We are the Dead. Short days ago We lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow, Loved and were loved, and now we lie, In Flanders fields. Take up our quarrel with the foe: To you from failing hands we throw The torch; be yours to hold it high. If ye break faith with us who die We shall not sleep, though poppies grow In Flanders fields. 
Mr. Speaker, 116,000 Americans were killed in World War I. Now, after 100 years, there will finally be a memorial erected in D.C. for all the veterans of the great war. It is about time, don’t you think? For the worst casualty of war is to be forgotten. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FULBRIGHT PROGRAM (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.000 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9474 November 13, 2018 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Fulbright Program, enacted in 1946 and sponsored by then- Senator J. William Fulbright, who rep-resented my home State of Arkansas. This exceptionally American con-tribution to the world has educated over 360,000 students from 165 coun-tries, including 52 Nobel laureates and 31 heads of state. Every year, Fulbright scholarships are given to more than 2,500 Ameri-cans, from all backgrounds and in all stages of life, the chance to spend time abroad and gain a global perspective on today’s most important issues. Two years ago, I had the opportunity to plant a tree on the Capitol Grounds in honor of the 70th anniversary of the Fulbright Program and its Arkansas roots. This program has funded the academic pursuits of countless Amer-ican and international scholars while building economic prosperity and pro-moting America’s respect for freedom, the rule of law, and our democratic val-ues. The Fulbright Program has my sup-port, and all of our citizens should en-courage this uniquely American mis-sion of friendship. 
f 
SUPPORTING NATIONAL ADOPTION DAY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of National Adoption Day this coming Saturday. National Adoption Day began in 2000 when seven cities opened courtrooms on the Saturday before Thanksgiving to alleviate the backlog of pending adoptions. Since then, more than 65,000 children have had their adoption final-ized during a National Adoption Day celebration. The number of North Carolina chil-dren in foster care has been increasing, with last year totaling nearly 11,000. There are more than 425,000 children in foster care nationwide, with over 110,000 awaiting adoption by permanent families. National Adoption Day aims to raise awareness of these children and edu-cate the estimated 47 million Ameri-cans who have considered adopting a child in foster care. May this year’s effort be another suc-cess by connecting children awaiting adoption with parents who can provide the love and stable environment they need to realize their potential. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KEVIN MOONEY (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the service of Kevin Mooney to the communities of Scottsbluff, Gering, and western Ne-braska. This week, after 34 years as a trusted journalist in Nebraska’s panhandle, Kevin will retire from his position as news director at KNEB radio. Throughout his career, Kevin has re-ceived six Mark Twain Awards from the Nebraska Associated Press and the Trailblazer Award from the Scottsbluff/ Gering United Chamber of Commerce. Kevin names the local sugar factory explosion in 1996 as the largest story he reported. He stayed on the air all night providing updates to our community. Kevin is most thankful for his wife, Tracy. He says she has supported him a great deal throughout their 35 years of marriage, given he is on call 24 hours every day. Even with his busy schedule, Kevin has dedicated himself to community and charity events such as the Thanks-giving in the Valley event. It is a col-laboration of KNEB radio and local nonprofits Scottsbluff-Gering Soup Kitchen and Scottsbluff Kiwanis Club. They serve around 400 meals every year on Thanksgiving Day. Please join me in honoring and thanking Kevin Mooney for his service to Nebraska journalism. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1546 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
IPTON ) at 3 o’clock and 46 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
RABBI MICHOEL BER WEISSMANDL CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT OF 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2740) to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl in recognition of his acts of valor during World War II. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2740 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl was born in Hungary on October 25, 1903, later moving to Slovakia to study under Rabbi Shumel Dvoid Ungar in Nitra. (2) During his time in Nitra, he quickly be-came a senior figure within the local Jewish community and Yeshiva. (3) Weissmandl was responsible for some of the daring efforts to save the Jewish people of Slovakia from the Holocaust, which in-clude the establishment of a ‘‘Working Group’’, an underground organization that raised funds to negotiate ransom with Ger-man and Slovakian officials in order to delay mass deportations. (4) During the Nazi regime, Weissmandl used his contacts from England to obtain visas, becoming one of the first to actively protect people of Jewish ancestry in Europe. (5) Weissmandl also wrote telegrams to generate awareness of the Jewish people’s plight and encouraged other strategic ap-proaches to stop the Holocaust, including the bombing of railroad tunnels to prevent the transportation of persons to concentra-tion camps. (6) Weissmandl established a Working Group—a wide variety of people from dif-ferent political and ideological spectrums— whose common goal was to save people from the ‘‘Final Solution’’. (7) The Working Group was one of the first to document in writing the accounts of Auschwitz Escapees in a document widely re-ferred to as the ‘‘Auschwitz Protocols’’. (8) Weissmandl himself later translated the initial documentation from German to He-brew and included a widely known addendum that pleaded for action. (9) Weissmandl wrote the first known ap-peal for the use of Allied air resources to dis-rupt the Holocaust. (10) In 1942 when Slovakia started deporta-tion for ‘‘resettlement’’, Rabbi Weissmandl was the first to inform the Working Group that people were being murdered and not sent to work as originally claimed. (11) Rabbi Weissmandl also played an in-strumental role in Solomon Schoenfeld Kindertransport rescue, helping save hun-dreds of lives. (12) Rabbi Weissmandl came to America and in 1945 immediately got to work to es-tablish a home and Yeshiva for Holocaust survivors. The Yeshiva of Nitra he estab-lished in Mount Kisco, New York, was the first Yeshiva campus in America and became and example that other institutions fol-lowed. (13) Rabbi Weissmandl has significantly in-fluenced the flourishing communities of Tal-mudic scholars in Brooklyn, New York, and generally across the United States. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) P RESENTATION AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on behalf of Congress, of a gold medal of appropriate design, to Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl in recognition of his acts of valor during World War II. (b) P
ARTICIPATION BY WEISSMANDL COM-
MITTEE .—For the purpose of the presentation referred to in subsection (a), the Speaker and President pro tempore shall ensure that the Weissmandl Committee may accept the medal on behalf of Michoel Ber Weissmandl. (c) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the purpose of the presentation referred to in subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.003 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9475 November 13, 2018 
(a), the Secretary of the Treasury (herein-after in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall strike a gold medal with suit-able emblems, devices, and inscriptions to be determined by the Secretary. (d) T
RANSFER OF MEDAL AFTER PRESEN -
TATION .—Following the presentation of the gold medal in honor of Michoel Ber Weissmandl under subsection (a), the gold medal shall be given to Samuel Dovid Weissmandl or, should he not be present, to Rabbi Menachem Meir Weissmandl. 
SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS. 
Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck pursuant to section 2 at a price suffi-cient to cover the cost of the bronze medals (including labor, materials, dies, use of ma-chinery, and overhead expenses) and the cost of the gold medal. 
SEC. 5. NATIONAL MEDAL. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDAL .—The gold medal struck under this Act is a national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. (b) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2740, the Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2017, introduced on April 25, 2017, by our colleague, Representative N
YDIA V
ELA´ZQUEZ , cosponsored by Represent-ative M
ASTof Florida. The bill authorizes the award of a Congressional Gold Medal to the Jew-ish rabbi for his acts of valor during World War II to save many Jewish peo-ple from Slovakia from persecution, the atrocities and the Holocaust com-mitted by the Nazis during the Second World War. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly sup-port this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise as the proud spon-sor of the Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2017, which will award a Con-gressional Gold Medal to the rabbi for his acts of valor during World War II. Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl was born in Hungary in 1903. In 1931 he moved to Slovakia and quickly became a senior figure within the local Jewish community and Yeshiva. As fascism spread across Europe in the late 1930s and early 1940s, Rabbi Weissmandl led some of the most dar-ing efforts to save the Jewish people of Slovakia from the Holocaust. When the Nazis, aided by members of the puppet government in Slovakia, began to move against the Slovak Jews in 1942, Rabbi Weissmandl became a key member of the Bratislava Working Group. This underground organization was comprised of a wide variety of peo-ple from different political and ideolog-ical spectrums, but united by a com-mon goal: to protect the Jewish people of Europe from Hitler’s Final Solution. In his role as a member of the Work-ing Group, Rabbi Weissmandl worked to raise funds to negotiate ransom with German and Slovakian officials in order to delay mass deportations. We cannot understate the dangers the rabbi undertook in this endeavor. Had he approached the wrong official or an unyielding Hitler supporter, he most certainly would have put his own life in jeopardy. Despite that peril, he persevered, demonstrating an unyielding determination to stop the slaughter of the innocent. Using his contacts in England, Rabbi Weissmandl also worked to secure Brit-ish visas for more than 60 European rabbis after the annexation of Austria, becoming one of the first individuals to protect European Jews by arranging for their escape to England. The Working Group was also one of the first to record the accounts of Auschwitz escapees in a document widely referred to as the Auschwitz Protocols. Weissmandl later translated the initial documentation from Ger-man to Hebrew and included an adden-dum that pleaded for further action. He also wrote the first known appeal for the use of Allied air power to dis-rupt the Holocaust, including the use of aerial bombs to destroy the rail lines and tunnels leading to Auschwitz. During one of the darkest periods in human history, Rabbi Weissmandl’s ef-forts to protect the lives of European Jews at the risk of his own life reflect true heroism in the face of unspeakable evil. We must never forget these contribu-tions, and it is fitting that we honor his legacy by awarding a Congressional Gold Medal in his name. Mr. Speaker, at a time of unparal-leled evil, Rabbi Weissmandl took ex-traordinary risks to save the lives of Slovakian Jews. To this day, his influ-ence can be felt throughout the Jewish community, not only here in the United States, but around the world. It is with the utmost respect and honor that I have introduced this bill to award Rabbi Weissmandl with a Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian award in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Representative B
RIAN MAST, for introducing this bill with me and his work to advance this legislation. I also want to thank my 295 other colleagues who have cosponsored the bill. I strongly urge passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, Rabbi Weissmandl’s life story is uplifting and his actions are inspiring. This Gold Medal is an overdue honor and is sup-ported by 296 Members of the House. Mr. Speaker, I urge its immediate passage, and I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING , Ranking Member W ATERS , Representative V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Rep-resentative M
AST for their leadership on this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2740. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL GEOLOGIC MAPPING ACT REAUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4033) to reauthorize the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4033 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Geologic Mapping Act Reauthorization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIONAL GEO-LOGIC MAPPING ACT OF 1992. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 9(a) of the Na-tional Geologic Mapping Act of 1992 (43 U.S.C. 31h(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4(b)(1) of the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992 (43 U.S.C. 31c(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009’’ each place it appears in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) and inserting ‘‘National Geologic Mapping Act Reauthorization Act’’. (b) G
EOLOGIC MAPPING ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 5(a)(3) of the National Geo-logic Mapping Act of 1992 (43 U.S.C. 31d(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘Associate Director for Geology’’ and inserting ‘‘Associate Direc-tor for Core Science Systems’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 3 of the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992 (43 U.S.C. 31b) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 6(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(d)(3)’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘section 6(d)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(d)(1)’’; and (3) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘section 6(d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(d)(2)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.002 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9476 November 13, 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor H.R. 4033, the National Geologic Map-ping Act Reauthorization Act. This commonsense measure will continue funding for advanced digital geologic maps in three-dimensional models by reauthorizing funding for the program through 2023. An identical companion bill, S. 1787, was introduced in the Sen-ate by Senator M
URKOWSKI and has been favorably reported out of the Sen-ate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Geologic maps provide valuable in-formation needed for identifying en-ergy, mineral, and water resources, geologic and environmental hazards, unstable grounds subject to landslides, swelling soils, floodplains, and aban-doned mine lands. With this knowledge, communities and citizens are able to plan for septic systems in rural areas, water treat-ment facilities, road construction and maintenance, home construction, and other infrastructure. The Geologic Mapping Act of 1992 es-tablished the National Cooperative Geologic Mapping Program, or NCGMP. This program allows for co-ordination between the United States Geological Survey and the various state geological surveys, allowing for geologic maps to be produced effi-ciently and cost-effectively. The original authorizing act also cre-ated the National Geologic Database, which catalogs data on most geologic maps ever produced in the U.S., which to date has resulted in more than 100,000 products. Each State and Puerto Rico has an advisory committee and a review panel to analyze the effectiveness of these projects. More than 8,500 new geologic maps have been produced through the NCGMP, with an average of 350 new maps and reports created each year. That is about one a day. About 53 per-cent of the United States now has been mapped as a result. The benefits from this program have been felt by end users across the coun-try. Geologic maps in Kentucky, for ex-ample, have assisted city planners, water systems developers, and pro-ducers of coal and other mineral re-sources. In Ohio, developers and engi-neers who used geologic maps were es-timated to save an average of $50,000 on each project. In my home State of Col-orado, this program resulted in the production of an advanced geologic map and companion report that show-cased recreational and historical min-ing, leading to efficiency opportunities from Leadville to Salida. Reauthorizing the National Geologic Mapping Act through H.R. 4033 will continue to provide the economic and developmental benefits of geologic mapping, with effects enjoyed across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4033, and I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. BROWN ) to give his remarks. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank my colleague, the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ). Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4033, the National Geologic Mapping Act Reauthorization Act, a bipartisan, practical piece of legislation. I am proud to have cosponsored this bill with my friend from Colorado and colleague on the Natural Resources Committee, Congressman L
AMBORN . Our bill would reauthorize the Na-tional Cooperative Geologic Mapping Program for an additional 5 years, which is the primary source of funds to produce geologic maps in the United States. Even though most people are not fa-miliar with geologic maps, it is hard to overstate their importance. Geologic maps are essential in sup-porting a variety of industries, serv-ices, and activities that hold immense societal and economic value. b1600 Geologic maps are used to locate groundwater resources and evaluate groundwater quality leading to better land and habitat management deci-sions. Geologic maps help city planners, emergency responders, and landowners assess how vulnerable an area is to sinkholes, landslides, earthquakes, floods, and other deadly and destruc-tive natural hazards. Geologic maps enable the govern-ment and industry to locate and de-velop mineral resources used for a vari-ety of scientific applications and in military technology and in consumer products. Further, geologic maps provide valu-able information that engineers and de-velopers use when designing and con-structing highways, bridges, tunnels, and other transportation assets. In my home State of Maryland, the value and importance of geologic maps are evident. Even though Maryland is a compact State, it has an incredible va-riety of landscapes and geology stretching from the beaches on the At-lantic Coast to the Appalachian Moun-tains. This type of diversity in our geology demands a robust understanding of the science and an extensive mapping of underground formations. On top of this, Maryland is home to several institutions that rely on the secondary and tertiary benefits of the USGS geologic mapping program. The NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Prince George’s County, the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, and our military cyber operations in Fort Meade all reap the rewards of a Nation that has broadened its knowledge and capabilities by investing in geological mapping. There is no doubt the U.S. mapping program is vital to our Nation’s safety and prosperity, and I urge a vote in favor. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend across the aisle, Mr. BROWN , for his work on this bill. It was a good collaboration. I ap-preciate his remarks tonight, and I ap-preciate what he did. I look forward to working with him in the future. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill would extend the tenure of a very successful bedrock science pro-gram for an additional 5 years, as well as make some technical changes to the law. Since 1992, the National Geologic Mapping Act has supported geologic mapping in the United States through the establishment of the National Co-operative Geologic Mapping Program, or NCGMP. The NCGMP is responsible for supporting geologic mapping within the United States and has done so suc-cessfully for over 25 years by sup-porting efforts at the Federal, State, and university levels. Geologic maps are used in several im-portant ways: mineral, energy, and water resource exploration; geoscience research; toxic and nuclear waste dis-posal; environmental land use plan-ning; decreasing the impact of natural hazards; constructing and maintaining infrastructure; and much more. Reliable and accurate geologic map-ping is underappreciated by, and in most cases invisible to, the public, but it underpins huge sectors of our econ-omy and is essential for improving the health and safety of every American. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives L
AMBORN and B ROWN for their work on this bill and am happy to voice my sup-port of it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4033. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING COASTAL COMMUNITIES ACT OF 2018 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.008 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9477 November 13, 2018 
(H.R. 5787) to amend the Coastal Bar-rier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5787 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening Coastal Communities Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REPLACEMENT OF JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYS-TEM MAPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), each map included in the set of maps re-ferred to in section 4(a) of the Coastal Bar-rier Resources Act (16 U.S.C. 3503(a)) that re-lates to a Unit of such System referred to in subsection (b) of this section is replaced in such set with the map described in sub-section (b) with respect to that Unit. (b) R
EPLACEMENT MAPS DESCRIBED .—The replacement maps referred to in subsection (a) are the following: (1) The map entitled ‘‘Delaware Seashore Unit DE–07/DE–07P North Bethany Beach Unit H01’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with re-spect to Unit DE–07, Unit DE–07P, and Unit H01. (2) The map entitled ‘‘Pine Island Bay Unit NC–01/NC–01P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit NC–01 and Unit NC–01P. (3) The map entitled ‘‘Roosevelt Natural Area Unit NC–05P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit NC–05P. (4) The map entitled ‘‘Hammocks Beach Unit NC–06/NC–06P (2 of 2) Onslow Beach Complex L05 (1 of 2)’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit L05. (5) The map entitled ‘‘Onslow Beach Com-plex L05 (2 of 2) Topsail Unit L06 (1 of 2)’’ and dated November 20, 2013, with respect to Unit L05 and Unit L06. (6) The map entitled ‘‘Topsail Unit L06 (2 of 2)’’ and dated November 20, 2013, with re-spect to Unit L06. (7) The map entitled ‘‘Litchfield Beach Unit M02 Pawleys Inlet Unit M03’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit M02 and Unit M03. (8) The map entitled ‘‘Fort Clinch Unit FL– 01/FL–01P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with re-spect to Unit FL–01 and Unit FL–01P. (9) The map entitled ‘‘Usina Beach Unit P04A Conch Island Unit P05/P05P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit P04A, Unit P05, and Unit P05P. (10) The map entitled ‘‘Ponce Inlet Unit P08/P08P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with re-spect to Unit P08 and Unit P08P. (11) The map entitled ‘‘Spessard Holland Park Unit FL–13P Coconut Point Unit P09A/ P09AP’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with re-spect to Unit FL–13P, Unit P09A, and Unit P09AP. (12) The map entitled ‘‘Blue Hole Unit P10A Pepper Beach Unit FL–14P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit P10A and Unit FL–14P. (13) The map entitled ‘‘Hutchinson Island Unit P11/P11P (1 of 2)’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit P11 and Unit P11P. (14) The map entitled ‘‘Hutchinson Island Unit P11 (2 of 2)’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit P11. (15) The map entitled ‘‘Blowing Rocks Unit FL–15 Jupiter Beach Unit FL–16P Carlin Unit FL–17P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–15, Unit FL–16P, and Unit FL–17P. (16) The map entitled ‘‘MacArthur Beach Unit FL–18P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–18P. (17) The map entitled ‘‘Birch Park Unit FL–19P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with re-spect to Unit FL–19P. (18) The map entitled ‘‘Lloyd Beach Unit FL–20P North Beach Unit P14A’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–20P and Unit P14A. (19) The map entitled ‘‘Tavernier Key Unit FL–39 Snake Creek Unit FL–40’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–39 and Unit FL–40. (20) The map entitled ‘‘Channel Key Unit FL–43 Toms Harbor Keys Unit FL–44 Deer/ Long Point Keys Unit FL–45’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–43, Unit FL–44, and FL–45. (21) The map entitled ‘‘Boot Key Unit FL– 46’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–46. (22) The map entitled ‘‘Bowditch Point Unit P17A Bunche Beach Unit FL–67/FL–67P Sanibel Island Complex P18P (1 of 2)’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit P17A, Unit FL–67, and Unit FL–67P. (23) The map entitled ‘‘Bocilla Island Unit P21/P21P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with re-spect to Unit P21 and Unit P21P. (24) The map entitled ‘‘Venice Inlet Unit FL–71P Casey Key Unit P22’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit P22. (25) The map entitled ‘‘Lido Key Unit FL– 72P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–72P. (26) The map entitled ‘‘De Soto Unit FL– 73P Rattlesnake Key Unit FL–78 Bishop Har-bor Unit FL–82’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–73P, Unit FL–78, and Unit FL–82. (27) The map entitled ‘‘Passage Key Unit FL–80P Egmont Key Unit FL–81/FL–81P The Reefs Unit P24P (1 of 2)’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–80P, Unit FL– 81, and Unit FL–81P. (28) The map entitled ‘‘Cockroach Bay Unit FL–83’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with re-spect to Unit FL–83. (29) The map entitled ‘‘Sand Key Unit FL– 85P’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–85P. (30) The map entitled ‘‘Pepperfish Keys Unit P26’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with re-spect to Unit P26. (31) The map entitled ‘‘Peninsula Point Unit FL–89’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–89. (32) The map entitled ‘‘Phillips Inlet Unit FL–93/FL–93P Deer Lake Complex FL–94’’ and dated March 18, 2016, with respect to Unit FL–93, Unit FL–93P, and Unit FL–94. (33) The map entitled ‘‘St. Andrew Complex P31 (1 of 3)’’ and dated October 7, 2016, with respect to Unit P31. (34) The map entitled ‘‘St. Andrew Complex P31 (2 of 3)’’ and dated October 7, 2016, with respect to Unit P31. (35) The map entitled ‘‘St. Andrew Complex P31/P31P (3 of 3)’’ and dated October 7, 2016, with respect to Unit P31 and Unit P31P. (c) L
IMITATIONS .—For purposes of sub-section (a)— (1) nothing in this section affects the boundaries of any of Units NC–06 and NC– 06P; (2) the occurrence in subsection (b) of the name of a Unit solely in the title of a map shall not be construed to be a reference to such Unit; and (3) the depiction of boundaries of any of Units P18P, FL–71P, and P24P in a map re-ferred to in paragraph (22), (24), or (27) of sub-section (b) shall not be construed to affect the boundaries of such Unit. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4(a) of the Coastal Barrier Resources Act (16 U.S.C. 3503(a)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘replaced,’’ after ‘‘may be’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘replaces such a map or’’ after ‘‘that specifically’’. SEC. 3. DIGITAL MAPS OF JOHN H. CHAFEE COASTAL BARRIER RESOURCES SYS-TEM UNITS. 
Section 4(b) of the Coastal Barrier Re-sources Act (16 U.S.C. 3503(b)) is amended— (1) by inserting before the first sentence the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
IGITAL MAPS .— ‘‘(A) A
VAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make available to the public on the Internet web site of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service digital versions of the maps in-cluded in the set of maps referred to in sub-section (a). ‘‘(B) E
FFECT .—Any determination as to whether a location is inside or outside the System shall be made without regard to the digital maps available under this paragraph, except that this subparagraph does not apply with respect to any printed version of such a digital map if the printed version is included in the maps referred to in subsection (a). ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—No later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Strength-ening Coastal Communities Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate a re-port regarding the progress and challenges in the transition from paper to digital maps and a timetable for completion of the digitization of all maps related to the Sys-tem.’’. 
SEC. 4. REPEAL OF REPORT. 
Section 3 of Public Law 109–226 is repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5787, the Strengthening Coastal Communities Act of 2018, sponsored by our colleague from Florida, Congress-man N
EALDUNN. This legislation codifies modernized, digital maps under the Coastal Barrier Resources Act and was developed in a collaborative manner with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and Members whose districts are impacted by the map revisions. Only those maps that received sign-off from the affected Members were included in this pack-age. I thank Mr. D
UNN, Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , and all who participated in this process for their hard work on this im-portant issue. The Coastal Barrier Resources Sys-tem has proven to be a win-win for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.010 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9478 November 13, 2018 
taxpayers and the environment since its enactment in 1982, saving the tax-payers billions of dollars by avoiding Federal investment in undeveloped storm- and flood-prone areas. H.R. 5787 will strengthen and update this system and allow its success to continue. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5787 and I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER ), my colleague. Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to urge my col-leagues to support the passage of H.R. 5787, the Strengthening Coastal Com-munities Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking Chairman B
ISHOP and Rank-ing Member G
RIJALVA for working with myself and Congressman D
UNN to quickly pass this important piece of legislation. In my home State of Delaware and in communities all over the country, our beaches and coastlines are critical not only for their contributions to our economy, but also for their natural beauty. For too long, those commu-nities were encroached upon by overly ambitious development. That develop-ment was, in part, aided by programs that were put in place by the Federal Government. In the 1980s, Congress recognized the burden that development was placing on local communities and passed the Coastal Barrier Resources Act. The act ensured that certain coastal areas were removed from the Federal programs that incentivized increased develop-ment. Through the creation of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources Sys-tem, coastal communities across the United States were able to ensure that their cherished natural heritage was protected and preserved for generations to come. As the years passed, the coastal com-munities across America evolved. The Coastal Barrier Resources Act should have evolved as well. Unfortunately, that didn’t happen, and it has been far too long since the maps designating areas belonging to the Coastal Barrier Resources System were updated. It was through the efforts of the Members of those coastal communities that this problem was identified. We are the people’s House, and the Strengthening Coastal Communities Act of 2018 emanated from the thoughts and concerns of everyday citi-zens. It was the voice of a Member of my home State of Delaware that brought the issue to my attention, and I would be remiss if I didn’t recognize him. Tom D’Amico, the president of the South Shore Homeowners Association, shared with me just how badly out-dated the maps were. Tom and other coastal Delawareans told me that the only way in which the Coastal Barrier Resources Act could truly be effective is if the maps designating the exempt areas were kept up-to-date. I should also recognize the efforts of my State’s senior Senator and ranking member on the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, TOM C
ARPER . I know that Senator C ARPER  has been paying very close attention to this issue, as it has impacted our shorelines for many years. Finally, I recognize my friend and gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN). While, initially, Members from many States had introduced legislation up-dating maps for their individual States, it became clear that one bill that would update all the maps across the country would be the most effec-tive and efficient way to accomplish our goals. When I came to Congress, I made a promise to the people of Dela-ware to work with other Members not based on the letter that was next to their name, but rather by finding Mem-bers with common interests, common challenges, and those who were willing to work to find common solutions. I am proud to have found a partner for this bill in Mr. D
UNN. From the coasts of Delaware to Flor-ida, to Louisiana, to Hawaii, and to the Virgin Islands, we all have a common interest in maintaining the natural beauty of our great country. While de-velopment is crucial to the continued economic growth in our country, we recognize that not every place is appro-priate for development. We should not only acknowledge the wisdom of the 97th United States Congress in passing the Coastal Barrier Resources Act, but do everything possible to uphold its legacy by ensuring that the maps are updated and modernized, as this bill has done. Mr. Speaker, I also recognize Con-gressman Tom Evans, who was an original cosponsor from the State of Delaware. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. D
UNN), who introduced the bill. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to be here today for the opportunity to speak on this bipartisan, commonsense bill to provide much-needed modernization and updates of the Coastal Barrier Re-sources System maps. I thank Chair-man B
ISHOP for his work throughout this process, as well as my colleague on the other side of the aisle, my friend, Representative B
LUNT ROCHESTER , for her work on this issue as well. The Coastal Barrier Resources Act, signed into law in 1982, is meant to pre-serve our Nation’s barrier islands by barring Federal funds and financial as-sistance from being used there, which therefore disincentivizes development. This bill maintains these protections for our Nation’s barrier islands while simply providing for more precise dig-ital maps to distinguish the CBRA zones. For decades, some of my constituents throughout the Second District of Florida have been burdened by being erroneously included in the CBRA zones. In some cases, this is due to the width of the pencil marks outlining the boundaries on the original outdated, hand-drawn maps. This was unaccept-able in 1982, and it is outrageous in 2018. Now, more than ever, in the wake of one of the most devastating hurricanes in American history, a lack of access to Federal resources is particularly de-bilitating for residents in coastal com-munities across the Florida panhandle. This means no flood insurance, no FEMA assistance, or no SBA loans. Being included in the CBRA zones ac-tually precludes the use of the funds from the BP oil spill in 2010. I am grateful that this bill will pro-vide a remedy for some people who are dealing with these unnecessary bur-dens. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I encourage the Senate to take it up before the end of Congress. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I commend Congressman DUNN and Congress-woman B
LUNT ROCHESTER for their leadership on this bipartisan bill to codify a series of updated Coastal Bar-rier Resources System pilot project maps. This legislation, much like the un-derlying act, demonstrates that good environmental stewardship, conserva-tion, and coastal resiliency go hand in hand with responsible taxpayer protec-tions. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5787, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
FLATSIDE WILDERNESS ENHANCEMENT ACT Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.011 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9479 November 13, 2018 
(H.R. 5636) to designate additions to the Flatside Wilderness on the Ouachita National Forest, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5636 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Flatside Wilder-ness Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONS TO FLATSIDE WILDERNESS. 
Section 3(d) of Arkansas Wilderness Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–508; 98 Stat. 2349) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘and certain land in the Ouachita National Forest, which comprise ap-proximately 640 acres, as generally depicted as ‘Recommended Wilderness Area’ on the map ti-tled ‘Flatside Wilderness, Recommended Wilder-ness Area’, dated September 6, 2018’’ after ‘‘1984’’. 
SEC. 3. DESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS ADDITION. 
The wilderness addition created under section 2 shall be known as the Bethune Woods-Flatside Wilderness. Any reference in a law, map, regu-lation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to such portion of the Flatside Wilderness shall be deemed to be a reference to the Bethune Woods-Flatside Wilderness. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5636 adds approxi-mately 640 acres to the 9,500-acre Flatside Wilderness in the Ouachita National Forest. b1615 This land has been studied and rec-ommended as an addition to the wilder-ness by the U.S. Forest Service. The bill also names the addition after Congressman Ed Bethune, who served the people of Arkansas from 1979 to 1985. This relatively minor change will es-tablish more manageable wilderness boundaries, allowing the Forest Serv-ice to take better care of the land. Most importantly, this new wilderness designation has local support and sup-port from the Arkansas delegation. Mr. Speaker, I commend my col-league, Congressman F
RENCH HILL, for introducing this legislation to benefit his district. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill amends the Arkansas Wil-derness Act of 1984 to designate 640 acres in the Ouachita National Forest. We are pleased to work with our col-leagues across the aisle to identify areas that deserve wilderness designa-tion and to increase conservation op-portunities for our most wild and se-rene places. This bill adds to a conservation leg-acy signed into law by President Reagan and demonstrates that protec-tion of public lands can be a bipartisan priority. We look forward to con-tinuing this work as we wrap up the year and move into the next Congress. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. HILL), who introduced the bill. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for the time, and I appreciate the opportunity today to be on the House floor to talk about H.R. 5636, the Flatside Wilderness En-hancement Act, to preserve the wilder-ness areas for future generations of Ar-kansans. On October 19, 1984, President Ronald Reagan signed into law the Arkansas Wilderness Act, which set aside the first wilderness areas in the State of Arkansas. One of those wilderness areas created by this act was Flatside, which is located in both Perry County and Saline County, both of which are in my district. In 2005, the U.S. Forest Service rec-ommended that these 640 acres be in-cluded in the national wilderness pro-gram, stating that adding these lands to the wilderness program would estab-lish a more logical and manageable boundary for these areas and is con-sistent with the forest management plan. This measure is a first step in en-hancing Flatside. Additional measures are being considered to study other U.S. forest lands that are suitable for addition to the area adjacent to Flatside. We are also working to re-store certain adjacent areas that were in former private ownership to native species. Perry County offers something very special for Arkansans, visitors young and old alike, seeking a unique, au-thentic outdoor recreation experience. This tourism has had a positive effect on Arkansas’ economy, especially in these largely rural counties. By in-creasing the wilderness area and pro-moting it, Arkansas, especially in Perry County, can attract more people to enjoy these natural resources and continue the trend of tourism’s posi-tive impact on Arkansas’ economy. It is important to note that this bill is narrowly tailored to only place lands carefully selected by the U.S. Forest Service into the wilderness area. It will not affect any private property. On a personal note, Mr. Speaker, this bill is of particular importance to me because, as a young Senate staffer working on the Hill in 1984, I was able to work with then-Senator Dale Bump-ers’ office from Arkansas and Rep-resentative Ed Bethune’s office and helped to secure the passage of the Ar-kansas Wilderness Act in the Senate. What a treat, three decades later, for me now to represent the Second Dis-trict of Arkansas and see this good work continue, while also being able to recognize my predecessor, former Con-gressman of Arkansas’ Second District, Ed Bethune. I believe naming this tract for Con-gressman Bethune is a proper way to recognize him for his dedicated service for conservation causes important to The Natural State. This enthusiasm is shared by the entire Arkansas delega-tion. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friends, Chairman B
ISHOP and Rep-resentative W
ESTERMAN , for their help in advocating for this bill that is so im-portant to my district, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5636, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONGRESSMAN LESTER WOLFF NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6064) to rename the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Con-gressman Lester Wolff National Wild-life Refuge. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6064 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The Oyster Bay National Wildlife Ref-uge was created in 1968. It is located on the north shore of Long Island in eastern Nassau County, is the largest refuge in the Long Is-land National Wildlife Refuge Complex, and receives the most public use of all the ref-uges in the Complex. (2) The State of New York designated Oys-ter Bay a significant coastal fish and wildlife habitat. It is especially important for win-tering waterfowl such as black duck, greater scaup, bufflehead, canvasback and long- tailed ducks. Management activities include wetland restoration and protection of the natural shoreline and vegetation. (3) The refuge is unique in consisting solely of bay bottom and adjacent shoreline up to the mean high-tide mark. Ninety percent of New York’s commercial oyster harvest comes from the refuge. Visitors enjoy fish-ing, wildlife observation, photography and environmental education. The refuge is truly a national treasure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.013 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9480 November 13, 2018 
(4) Many visitors are unaware that were it not for the tireless work and advocacy of then-freshman Congressman Lester Wolff, this area would today be an 8.5-mile cause-way and bridge across Long Island Sound be-tween Oyster Bay and Rye, New York, con-necting Nassau and Westchester Counties. (5) The bridge was first proposed by Robert Moses, the well-known New York City Plan-ner, to divert traffic from New York City. Former Governor Nelson Rockefeller signed into law legislation creating the bridge au-thorized by the New York State Legislature in 1967. (6) Congressman Wolff, elected in 1964, quickly decided the bridge would be an intru-sion in a pristine area, and that Long Island Sound was a very precious resource that was despoiled. The conservation threats in the mid-1960s were suburban development, wet-land filling, and industrial pollution. The fight to preserve this land became an enor-mous political fight and is considered to be a turning point in New York State’s environ-mental legacy. (7) With State and local political and com-munity leaders, and especially the North Shore leaders and the Committee to Save the Long Island Sound, Congressman Wolff ar-ranged a meeting with Department of the In-terior representatives and local leaders where the idea of creating a wildlife refuge from municipal and privately owned wet-lands was created. (8) The Town of Oyster Bay, in which one end of the bridge was to be located, deeded 5,000 acres of wetlands to the United States to be maintained as a Federal wildlife pre-serve. It was stipulated that if the Depart-ment of the Interior agreed to an intrusion of the property, it would revert to the town. Creating a Federal wildlife preserve provided the land with Federal protection. (9) Because of the vision, dedication, and perseverance of Congressman Lester Wolff, all of us and future generations can enjoy the beauty and magnificence of this refuge. 
SEC. 2. RENAMING THE OYSTER BAY NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE AS THE CON-GRESSMAN LESTER WOLFF NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) R ENAMING .—The unit of the National Wildlife Refuge System known as the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge and located near Oyster Bay, New York, shall be known as the ‘‘Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the unit of the National Wildlife Refuge System known as the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge is deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Congress-man Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6064 would rename the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Ref-uge as the Lester Wolff National Wild-life Refuge in honor of the former Long Island North Shore Congressman. Elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1965, Congressman Wolff served eight terms representing the people of New York. During that time, he successfully pushed to create the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Ref-uge on the north shore of Long Island. It is both the largest refuge in the Long Island refuge complex and the most popular with visitors. Congressman Wolff has the distinc-tion of being the oldest living former Member of Congress. To this day, he continues to host a weekly PBS show called ‘‘Ask Congress,’’ where he works to connect the American people with U.S. legislators. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by yielding 4 min-utes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SUOZZI ), my colleague, who was the sponsor of this bill. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Hawaii and the gentleman from Colorado for recognizing me to support H.R. 6064, which will rename the Oyster Bay Wildlife Refuge as the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge. As Congressman L
AMBORN pointed out, Congressman Wolff is the oldest living former Member of Congress, and he will be celebrating his 100th birth-day on January 4, 2019. The Congressman, back in the 1960s, got into a big battle with a very well- known figure in New York in govern-ment and politics at the time, and real-ly known throughout the Nation as the Power Broker, Robert Moses. They wanted to build a bridge across the Long Island Sound from Con-necticut to Oyster Bay, and Congress-man Wolff, who was a freshman Con-gressman at the time, recognized the importance of preserving this impor-tant natural resource and created the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge. It is one of the most important areas for natural refuge anywhere on the north shore of Long Island today and home to many types of waterfowl, such as black ducks; greater scaups; bufflehead, can-vasback, and long-tail ducks; as well as great herons; and, now, osprey and red- tailed hawks. This was a major battle when the en-vironmental movement was very nas-cent at the time in the United States of America, and it took tremendous courage on the part of Congressman Wolff to stand up to Robert Moses at the time and the Governor of New York State, then-Governor Nelson Rocke-feller, to preserve this important piece of property, as well as to block the bridge that would have gone across the Long Island Sound, an 8.5-mile bridge across the Long Island Sound from Connecticut to Long Island. So this is a great, fitting tribute for a wonderful man who we hope will be able to enjoy his 100th birthday cele-brating the naming of the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, we are prepared to close. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I would like to commend Representa-tive SUOZZI for this bipartisan initia-tive to honor the legacy of Congress-man Lester Wolff, who had the fore-sight to protect Oyster Bay from un-necessary development. Thanks to his hard work and vision, the refuge re-mains an important stopover for win-tering waterfowl and a popular destina-tion for outdoor recreation. This bill is a fitting tribute that deserves our sup-port. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6064. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ESTABLISHING A PROCEDURE FOR THE CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN FEDERAL PROPERTY AROUND THE DICKINSON RESERVOIR Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 440) to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 440 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means Dickinson Parks & Recreation in Dickinson, North Dakota. (2) D
ICKINSON RESERVOIR .—The term ‘‘Dick-inson Reservoir’’ means the Dickinson Res-ervoir constructed as part of the Dickinson Unit, Heart Division, Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program, as authorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665). (3) G
AME AND FISH HEADQUARTERS .—The term ‘‘game and fish headquarters’’ means the approximately 10 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Game and Fish Headquarters’’ on the Map. (4) M
ANAGEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Management Agreement’’ means the man-agement agreement entitled ‘‘Management Agreement between the Bureau of Reclama-tion, et al., for the Development, Manage-ment, Operation, and Maintenance of Lands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.008 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9481 November 13, 2018 
and Recreation Facilities at Dickinson Res-ervoir’’, MA No. 07AG602222, Modification No. 1 and dated March 15, 2017. (5) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map prepared by the Bureau of Reclamation, enti-tled ‘‘Dickinson Reservoir’’, and dated May 2018. (6) P
ERMITTED CABIN LAND .—The term ‘‘per-mitted cabin land’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Permitted Cabin Land’’ on the Map. (7) P
ROPERTY .—The term ‘‘property’’ means any cabin site located on permitted cabin land for which a permit is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (8) R
ECREATION LAND .—The term ‘‘recre-ation land’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Recreation and Public Purpose Lands’’ on the Map. (9) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (10) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of North Dakota, acting through the North Dakota Game and Fish Department. 
SEC. 2. CONVEYANCES TO DICKINSON DEPART-MENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION. 
(a) C ONVEYANCES TO DICKINSON DEPART -
MENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the manage-ment requirements of paragraph (3) and the easements and reservations under section 4, not later than 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey to the Department all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to— (A) the recreation land; and (B) the permitted cabin land. (2) C
OSTS.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall convey the land described in paragraph (1) at no cost. (B) T
ITLE TRANSFER ; LAND SURVEYS .—As a condition of the conveyances under para-graph (1), the Department shall agree to pay all survey and other administrative costs necessary for the preparation and comple-tion of any patents for, and transfers of title to, the land described in paragraph (1). (3) M
ANAGEMENT .— (A) R
ECREATION LAND .—The Department shall manage the recreation land conveyed under paragraph (1)— (i) for recreation and public purposes con-sistent with the Act of June 14, 1926 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Recreation and Public Purposes Act’’) (44 Stat. 741, chapter 578; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.); (ii) for public access; (iii) for fish and wildlife habitat; or (iv) to preserve the natural character of the recreation land. (B) P
ERMITTED CABIN LAND .—The Depart-ment shall manage the permitted cabin land conveyed under paragraph (1)— (i) for cabins or recreational residences in existence as of the date of enactment of this Act; or (ii) for any of the recreation land manage-ment purposes described in subparagraph (A). (4) H
AYING AND GRAZING .—With respect to recreation land conveyed under paragraph (1) that is used for haying or grazing authorized by the Management Agreement as of the date of enactment of this Act, the Depart-ment may continue to permit haying and grazing in a manner that is permissible under the 1 or more haying or grazing con-tracts in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) R
EVERSION .—If a parcel of land con-veyed under subparagraph (A) or (B) of sub-section (a)(1) is used in a manner that is in-consistent with the requirements described in subparagraph (A) or (B), respectively, of subsection (a)(3), the parcel of land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. (c) SALE OF PERMITTED CABIN LAND BY DE-
PARTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Department sells any parcel of permitted cabin land conveyed under subsection (a)(1)(B), the parcel shall be sold at fair market value, as determined by a third-party appraiser in accordance with the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice, subject to paragraph (2). (2) I
MPROVEMENTS .—For purposes of an ap-praisal conducted under paragraph (1), any improvements on the permitted cabin land made by the permit holder shall not be in-cluded in the appraised value of the land. (3) P
ROCEEDS FROM THE SALE OF LAND BY  
THE DEPARTMENT .—If the Department sells a parcel of permitted cabin land conveyed under subsection (a)(1)(B), the Department shall pay to the Secretary the amount of any proceeds of the sale that exceed the costs of preparing the sale by the Department. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS TO THE SEC-
RETARY .—Any amounts paid to the Secretary for land conveyed by the Secretary under this Act shall be made available to the Sec-retary, subject to the availability of appro-priations made in advance, for activities re-lating to the operation of the Dickinson Dam and Reservoir. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE OF GAME AND FISH HEAD-QUARTERS TO THE STATE. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE OF GAME AND FISHHEAD-
QUARTERS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey to the State all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the game and fish headquarters, on the condition that the game and fish headquarters con-tinue to be used as a game and fish head-quarters or substantially similar purposes. (b) R
EVERSION .—If land conveyed under subsection (a) is used in a manner that is in-consistent with the requirements described in that subsection, the land shall, at the dis-cretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. 
SEC. 4. RESERVATIONS, EASEMENTS, AND OTHER OUTSTANDING RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each conveyance to the Department or the State pursuant to this Act shall be made subject to— (1) valid existing rights; (2) operational requirements of the Pick- Sloan Missouri River Basin Program, as au-thorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665), including the Dickinson Reservoir; (3) any flowage easement reserved by the United States to allow full operation of Dickinson Reservoir for authorized purposes; (4) reservations described in the Manage-ment Agreement; (5) oil, gas, and other mineral rights re-served of record, as of the date of enactment of this Act, by, or in favor of, the United States or a third party; (6) any permit, license, lease, right-of-use, flowage easement, or right-of-way of record in, on, over, or across the applicable prop-erty or Federal land, whether owned by the United States or a third party, as of the date of enactment of this Act; (7) a deed restriction that prohibits build-ing any new permanent structure on prop-erty below an elevation of 2,430.6 feet; and (8) the granting of applicable easements for— (A) vehicular access to the property; and (B) access to, and use of, all docks, boat-houses, ramps, retaining walls, and other im-provements for which access is provided in the permit for use of the property as of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) L
IABILITY ; TAKING .— (1) LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for flood damage to a property sub-ject to a permit, the Department, or the State, or for damages arising out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to a permit holder, the Department, or the State, other than for damages caused by an act or omis-sion of the United States or an employee, agent, or contractor of the United States be-fore the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
AKING .—Any temporary flooding or flood damage to the property of a permit holder, the Department, or the State, shall not be considered to be a taking by the United States. 
SEC. 5. INTERIM REQUIREMENTS. 
During the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date of conveyance of a property or parcel of land under this Act, the provisions of the Manage-ment Agreement that are applicable to the property or land, or to leases between the State and the Secretary, and any applicable permits, shall remain in force and effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of S. 440, sponsored by Senator H
OEVEN of North Dakota. This legislation is nearly identical to legislation sponsored by our colleague who will soon be departing us, Con-gressman K
EVIN CRAMER , which was fa-vorably reported by the Natural Re-sources Committee in August. This legislation would transfer small parcels of Federal land immediately surrounding Dickinson Reservoir in North Dakota. This will allow members of the local community to purchase the land under their own homes, providing them with financial security and the community with increased tax revenue that will be reinvested toward the up-keep of the reservoir. Other land will remain in use for recreation, public access, fish and wild-life habitat, a fish and game head-quarters, or preserved in its natural character. If the land is not used for these purposes, it will revert to the Federal Government. Federal ownership of the land has led to financial uncertainty for private citizens and the State, and I applaud the dedication of former Natural Re-sources Committee member and future Senator C
RAMER and Senator H OEVEN  to alleviating these bureaucratic chal-lenges and supporting their constitu-ents. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.009 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9482 November 13, 2018 
Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 440 authorizes the conveyance of certain public lands owned by the Bureau of Reclamation around the Dickinson Reservoir in North Dakota. I am glad to say that this bill ensures that taxpayers receive appropriate compensation for trans-ferred public lands. The legislation also ensures that transferred recreation lands continue to be available to the public for recreational uses. Congress has a long tradition of ap-proving public land conveyances so long as they promote public purposes and provide appropriate compensation to the American taxpayers. S. 440 meets these requirements. Mr. Speaker, I support the passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), who will speak on this and the following bill, because they are very similar. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman L
AMBORN , Chairman B
ISHOP , and the ranking member for their cooperation and for helping me move this important legislation that was sponsored, as Chairman L
AMBORN  said, by Senator H
OEVEN , and for work-ing on my companion bills that were introduced in the House earlier this year. I appreciate the hearings that the Natural Resources Committee held and for favorably reporting the bills out of the committee. These two bills to convey BOR prop-erty to local park entities are very im-portant to many of my constituents. In July, two of those constituents, Tom Fisher and Craig Headland, came to Washington to testify in support of these bills. Combined, they represented over 100 families with homes on these reclamation properties who wished to cast aside the uncertainties of residing on Federal land and carry out their dreams of home ownership by pur-chasing the lands they maintain. Certainty, not only for them, of course, but for financial lenders, will generate greater investment in these properties to improve the lifestyle and the local economy, while maintaining the integrity of the use of the res-ervoirs. The land, beyond those residents, which makes up the vast majority of the acreage, will continue to be open to the public for recreation and other uses to the benefit of our people. As a firm believer in land use decisionmaking au-thority being as local as possible, I be-lieve these bills will allow for better management and improved opportuni-ties for the citizens of North Dakota and for our visitors. Lastly, I want to thank the adminis-tration for working on these bills with Senator H
OEVEN and me. I am grateful that the administration is willing to work on issues such as these that have carried on for years, and sometimes decades, with indecision and delay. So I urge support by my colleagues and, again, thank the chairman, the ranking member, and the committee for their good work. b1630 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 440, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ESTABLISHING A PROCEDURE FOR THE CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN FEDERAL PROPERTY AROUND THE JAMESTOWN RESERVOIR IN THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2074) to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Res-ervoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2074 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Stutsman County Park Board in Jamestown, North Dakota. (2) G
AME AND FISH HEADQUARTERS .—The term ‘‘game and fish headquarters’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Game and Fish Head-quarters’’ on the Map. (3) J
AMESTOWN RESERVOIR .—The term ‘‘Jamestown Reservoir’’ means the James-town Reservoir constructed as a unit of the Missouri-Souris Division, Pick-Sloan Mis-souri Basin Program, as authorized by sec-tion 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665). (4) M
ANAGEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Management Agreement’’ means the man-agement agreement entitled ‘‘Management Agreement between the United States of America and Stutsman County Park Board for the Management, Development, Oper-ation and Maintenance of Recreation and Re-lated Improvements and Facilities at James-town Reservoir Stutsman County, North Da-kota’’, numbered 15–LM–60–2255, and dated February 17, 2015. (5) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map prepared by the Bureau of Reclamation, enti-tled ‘‘Jamestown Reservoir’’, and dated May 2018. (6) P
ERMITTED CABIN LAND .—The term ‘‘per-mitted cabin land’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Permitted Cabin Lands’’ on the Map. (7) P
ROPERTY .—The term ‘‘property’’ means any cabin site located on permitted cabin land for which a permit is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (8) R
ECREATION LAND .—The term ‘‘recre-ation land’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Recreation and Public Purpose Lands’’ on the Map. (9) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (10) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of North Dakota, acting through the North Dakota Game and Fish Department. 
SEC. 2. CONVEYANCES TO STUTSMAN COUNTY PARK BOARD. 
(a) C ONVEYANCES TO STUTSMAN COUNTY  P
ARKBOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the manage-ment requirements of paragraph (3) and the easements and reservations under section 4, not later than 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey to the Board all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to— (A) the recreation land; and (B) the permitted cabin land. (2) C
OSTS.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall convey the land described in paragraph (1) at no cost. (B) T
ITLE TRANSFER ; LAND SURVEYS .—As a condition of the conveyances under para-graph (1), the Board shall agree to pay all survey and other administrative costs nec-essary for the preparation and completion of any patents for, and transfers of title to, the land described in paragraph (1). (3) M
ANAGEMENT .— (A) R
ECREATION LAND .—The Board shall manage the recreation land conveyed under paragraph (1)— (i) for recreation and public purposes con-sistent with the Act of June 14, 1926 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Recreation and Public Purposes Act’’) (44 Stat. 741, chapter 578; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.); (ii) for public access; (iii) for fish and wildlife habitat; or (iv) to preserve the natural character of the recreation land. (B) P
ERMITTED CABIN LAND .—The Board shall manage the permitted cabin land con-veyed under paragraph (1)— (i) for cabins or recreational residences in existence as of the date of enactment of this Act; or (ii) for any of the recreation land manage-ment purposes described in subparagraph (A). (4) H
AYING AND GRAZING .—With respect to recreation land conveyed under paragraph (1) that is used for haying or grazing authorized by the Management Agreement as of the date of enactment of this Act, the Board may continue to permit haying and grazing in a manner that is permissible under the 1 or more haying or grazing contracts in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) R
EVERSION .—If a parcel of land con-veyed under subparagraph (A) or (B) of sub-section (a)(1) is used in a manner that is in-consistent with the requirements described in subparagraph (A) or (B), respectively, of subsection (a)(3), the parcel of land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. (c) S
ALE OF PERMITTED CABIN LAND BY  B
OARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Board sells any par-cel of permitted cabin land conveyed under subsection (a)(1)(B), the parcel shall be sold at fair market value, as determined by a third-party appraiser in accordance with the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, subject to paragraph (2). (2) I
MPROVEMENTS .—For purposes of an ap-praisal conducted under paragraph (1), any improvements on the permitted cabin land made by a permit holder shall not be in-cluded in the appraised value of the land. (3) P
ROCEEDS FROM THE SALE OF LAND BY  
THE BOARD .—If the Board sells a parcel of permitted cabin land conveyed under sub-section (a)(1)(B), the Board shall pay to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.019 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9483 November 13, 2018 
Secretary the amount of any proceeds of the sale that exceed the costs of preparing the sale by the Board. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS TO THE SEC-
RETARY .—Any amounts paid to the Secretary for land conveyed by the Secretary under this Act shall be made available to the Sec-retary, subject to the availability of appro-priations made in advance, for activities re-lating to the operation of the Jamestown Dam and Reservoir. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE OF GAME AND FISH HEAD-QUARTERS TO THE STATE. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE OF GAME AND FISHHEAD-
QUARTERS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey to the State all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the game and fish headquarters, on the condition that the game and fish headquarters con-tinue to be used as a game and fish head-quarters or substantially similar purposes. (b) R
EVERSION .—If land conveyed under subsection (a) is used in a manner that is in-consistent with the requirements described in that subsection, the land shall, at the dis-cretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. 
SEC. 4. RESERVATIONS, EASEMENTS, AND OTHER OUTSTANDING RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each conveyance to the Board or the State pursuant to this Act shall be made subject to— (1) valid existing rights; (2) operational requirements of the Pick- Sloan Missouri River Basin Program, as au-thorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665), including the Jamestown Reservoir; (3) any flowage easement reserved by the United States to allow full operation of the Jamestown Reservoir for authorized pur-poses; (4) reservations described in the Manage-ment Agreement; (5) oil, gas, and other mineral rights re-served of record, as of the date of enactment of this Act, by, or in favor of, the United States or a third party; (6) any permit, license, lease, right-of-use, flowage easement, or right-of-way of record in, on, over, or across the applicable prop-erty or Federal land, whether owned by the United States or a third party, as of the date of enactment of this Act; (7) a deed restriction that prohibits build-ing any new permanent structure on prop-erty below an elevation of 1,454 feet; and (8) the granting of applicable easements for— (A) vehicular access to the property; and (B) access to, and use of, all docks, boat-houses, ramps, retaining walls, and other im-provements for which access is provided in the permit for use of the property as of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) L
IABILITY ; TAKING .— (1) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for flood damage to a property sub-ject to a permit, the Board, or the State, or for damages arising out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to a permit holder, the Board, or the State, other than for dam-ages caused by an act or omission of the United States or an employee, agent, or con-tractor of the United States before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
AKING .—Any temporary flooding or flood damage to the property of a permit holder, the Board, or the State, shall not be considered to be a taking by the United States. 
SEC. 5. INTERIM REQUIREMENTS. 
During the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date of conveyance of a property or parcel of land under this Act, the provisions of the Manage-ment Agreement that are applicable to the property or land, or to leases between the State and the Secretary, and any applicable permits, shall remain in force and effect. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2074 sponsored by Senator H
OEVEN of North Dakota. This legislation is near-ly identical to legislation sponsored by our colleague, Congressman K
EVIN C
RAMER , which was favorably reported by the Natural Resources Committee in August. This is another bill similar to the one that was discussed a few minutes ago that looks to transfer small parcels of Federal land to State and local govern-ment, this time surrounding the Jamestown Reservoir in North Dakota. The land will continue to be used for recreation and public purposes, public access, fish and wildlife habitat, a fish and game headquarters, and for cabins. If any of the land is sold, the proceeds will be given to the Federal Govern-ment or the land will revert to the United States. Like S. 440, which the House just considered, this legislation aims to al-leviate financial uncertainty for pri-vate citizens residing around the res-ervoir and will help support the local community through tax revenue. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 2074 authorizes the conveyance of certain public lands owned by the Bureau of Reclamation around Jamestown Reservoir in North Dakota. Like S. 440, this bill ensures that tax-payers receive appropriate compensa-tion for transferred lands and also en-sures that transferred recreation lands continue to be available to the public for recreational uses. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I support the passage of S. 2074, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2074, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
COTTONWOOD LAND EXCHANGE ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6146) to authorize, direct, expe-dite, and facilitate a land exchange in Yavapai County, Arizona, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6146 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cottonwood Land Exchange Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means Yavapai County, Arizona. (2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to approximately 80 acres of land within the Coconino National Forest, in Yavapai County, Arizona, generally depicted as ‘‘Coconino National Forest Parcels ‘Federal Land’’’ on the map. (3) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map en-titled ‘‘Cottonwood Land Exchange’’, with the revision date July 5, 2018\Version 1. (4) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non-Fed-eral land’’ means the approximately 369 acres of land in Yavapai County, Arizona, generally de-picted as ‘‘Yavapai County Parcels ‘Non-Fed-eral Land’’’ on the map. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, unless otherwise specified. 
SEC. 3. LAND EXCHANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the County offers to con-vey to the Secretary all right, title, and interest of the County in and to the non-Federal land, the Secretary shall accept the offer and simulta-neously convey to the County all right, title, and interest of the United States to the Federal land. (b) L
AND TITLE.—Title to the non-Federal land conveyed to the Secretary under this Act shall be acceptable to the Secretary and shall conform to the title approval standards of the Attorney General of the United States applica-ble to land acquisitions by the Federal Govern-ment. (c) E
XCHANGE COSTS.—The County shall pay for all land survey, appraisal, and other costs to the Secretary as may be necessary to process and consummate the exchange under this Act, including reimbursement to the Secretary, if the Secretary so requests, for staff time spent in such processing and consummation. 
SEC. 4. EQUAL VALUE EXCHANGE AND APPRAIS-ALS. 
(a) A PPRAISALS .—The values of the lands to be exchanged under this Act shall be determined by the Secretary through appraisals performed in accordance with— (1) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Fed-eral Land Acquisitions; (2) the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice; (3) appraisal instructions issued by the Sec-retary; and (4) shall be performed by an appraiser mutu-ally agreed to by the Secretary and the County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.010 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9484 November 13, 2018 
(b) E QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .—The values of the Federal and non-Federal land parcels ex-changed shall be equal, or if they are not equal, shall be equalized as follows: (1) S
URPLUS OF FEDERAL LAND VALUE .—If the final appraised value of the Federal land ex-ceeds the final appraised value of the non-Fed-eral land, the County shall make a cash equali-zation payment to the United States as nec-essary to achieve equal value, including, if nec-essary, an amount in excess of that authorized pursuant to section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)). (2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Any cash equalization moneys received by the Secretary under para-graph (1) shall be— (A) deposited in the fund established under Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’; 16 U.S.C. 484a); and (B) made available to the Secretary for the ac-quisition of land or interests in land in Region 3 of the Forest Service. (3) S
URPLUS OF NON -FEDERAL LAND VALUE .—If the final appraised value of the non-Federal land exceeds the final appraised value of the Federal land, the United States shall not make a cash equalization payment to the County, and surplus value of the non-Federal land shall be considered a donation by the County to the United States for all purposes of law. 
SEC. 5. WITHDRAWAL PROVISIONS. 
Lands acquired by the Secretary under this Act are, upon such acquisition, automatically and permanently withdrawn from all forms of appropriation and disposal under the public land laws (including the mining and mineral leasing laws) and the Geothermal Steam Act of 1930 (30 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
SEC. 6. MANAGEMENT OF LAND. 
Land acquired by the Secretary under this Act shall become part of the Coconino National For-est and be managed in accordance with the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the National Forest System. 
SEC. 7. MAPS, ESTIMATES, AND DESCRIPTIONS. 
(a) M INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary and the County may, by mutual agreement— (1) make minor boundary adjustments to the Federal and non-Federal lands involved in the exchange; and (2) correct any minor errors in any map, acre-age estimate, or description of any land to be ex-changed. (b) C
ONFLICT .—If there is a conflict between a map, an acreage estimate, or a description of land under this Act, the map shall control un-less the Secretary and the County mutually agree otherwise. (c) A
VAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall file and make available for public inspection in the headquarters of the Coconino National Forest a copy of all maps referred to in this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Like many of my colleagues from Western States, I represent rural coun-ties that are growing quickly but are hitting roadblocks due to the large amount of Federal land in them. Yavapai County in my district is no different. My bill, the Cottonwood Land Ex-change Act, is a commonsense land ex-change between the Forest Service and Yavapai County that would allow the county to expand a park by adding new trails and bridges for the residents of Cottonwood to enjoy. In exchange for 80 acres in the Coconino National Forest, the county has offered to the Forest Service near-ly 370 acres of land adjacent to the for-est. This land is habitat for the endan-gered Arizona cliffrose, and the ex-change will allow for better protection and conservation of the rose and other sensitive species. H.R. 6146 is truly a win-win for both the residents of Yavapai County and the Federal Government at no cost to the taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes a land exchange between the U.S. Forest Service and Yavapai County, Arizona. The Federal land that will be conveyed to the county is surrounded by county- owned and private land, including Windmill Park, a popular recreation destination for local residents. Yavapai County intends to manage the land as part of the park in an effort to increase access and improve man-agement efficiency. In exchange, the Forest Service will receive a parcel of land adjacent to Coconino National Forest that provides habitat for the cliffrose—an endangered plant species. The bill ensures an equal value ex-change based on standard appraisal re-quirements—a critical safeguard that guarantees a fair return for taxpayer- owned assets. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6146, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEA-SHORE LAND EXCHANGE ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2615) to authorize the exchange of cer-tain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the parcel of approximately 1.542 acres of land that is located within the Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore in Jackson County, Mississippi, and identified as ‘‘NPS Exchange Area’’ on the Map. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore, Pro-posed Land Exchange with VFW, Davis Bayou Area—Jackson County, MS’’, numbered 635/ 133309, and dated June 2016. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non-Fed-eral land’’ means the parcel of approximately 2.161 acres of land that is located in Jackson County, Mississippi, and identified as ‘‘VFW Exchange Area’’ on the Map. (4) P
OST.—The term ‘‘Post’’ means the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars Post 5699. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. 
SEC. 3. GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEASHORE LAND EXCHANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may convey to the Post all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land in ex-change for the conveyance by the Post to the Secretary of all right, title, and interest of the Post in and to the non-Federal land. (b) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The values of the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be equal, as determined by an appraisal conducted— (A) by a qualified and independent appraiser; and (B) in accordance with nationally recognized appraisal standards. (2) E
QUALIZATION .—If the values of the Fed-eral land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section are not equal, the values shall be equalized through— (A) a cash payment; or (B) adjustments to the acreage of the Federal land or non-Federal land to be exchanged, as applicable. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—As a condition of the exchange authorized under this section, the Sec-retary shall require the Post to pay the costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for the costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the exchange, including— (A) survey costs; (B) any costs relating to environmental docu-mentation; and (C) any other administrative costs relating to the land exchange. (2) R
EFUND .—If the Secretary collects amounts from the Post under paragraph (1) before the Secretary incurs the actual costs and the amount collected by the Secretary exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange under this section, the Secretary shall provide to the Post a refund of the excess amount paid by the Post. (3) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS RE -
CEIVED .—Amounts received by the Secretary from the Post as reimbursement for costs in-curred under paragraph (1) shall be— (A) credited to the fund or account from which amounts were used to pay the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 17:44 Feb 06, 2019 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\H13NO8.REC H13NO8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9485 November 13, 2018 
(B) merged with amounts in the fund or ac-count to which the amounts were credited under subparagraph (A); and (C) available for the same purposes as, and subject to the same conditions and limitations applicable to, amounts in the fund or account to which the amounts were credited under sub-paragraph (A). (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF FEDERAL LAND AND NON- F
EDERAL LAND.—The exact acreage and legal description of the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys that are determined to be satisfactory by the Secretary and the Post. (e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land under this section shall be— (1) carried out through a quitclaim deed or other legal instrument; and (2) subject to such terms and conditions as are mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the Post, including such additional terms and con-ditions as the Secretary considers to be appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. (f) V
ALID EXISTING RIGHTS .—The exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land authorized under this section shall be subject to valid exist-ing rights. (g) T
ITLE APPROVAL .—Title to the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be in a form acceptable to the Secretary. (h) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED LAND.—Any non-Federal land and interests in non-Federal land acquired by the United States under this section shall be administered by the Secretary as part of the Gulf Islands National Seashore. (i) M
ODIFICATION OF BOUNDARY .—On comple-tion of the exchange of Federal land and non- Federal land under this section, the Secretary shall modify the boundary of the Gulf Islands National Seashore to reflect the exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2615, introduced by Congressman S
TEVEN PALAZZO of Mis-sissippi, authorizes the National Park Service to convey to the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699 1.54 acres lo-cated within the Gulf Islands National Seashore in Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, in exchange for a 2.16-acre par-cel of land owned by the VFW Post. This bill benefits both the VFW Post and the Park Service. It provides the VFW Post with permanent access to their building via a long driveway cur-rently owned by the Park Service, while also adding land to the Gulf Is-lands National Seashore. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2615 is a simple bill that authorizes a land exchange be-tween the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5699 in Ocean Springs, Mississippi. The bill passed the House in the 114th Congress, and we passed it again nearly a year ago. The veterans at Post 5699 in Mr. PALAZZO ’s district have been waiting a long time for this exchange, so I am pleased that we have an opportunity to agree to the changes proposed by the Senate and advance this measure to the President’s desk. This exchange is supported by the VFW Post and the Na-tional Park Service. It is a simple and logical solution to a local issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2615, the Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Ex-change Act. The Gulf Islands National Seashore is a national park that draws millions of visitors to the islands in the northern Gulf of Mexico. The Gulf Islands National Seashore includes the Mississippi barrier islands of Petit Bois, Horn, East and West Ship, and Cat, as well as the Davis Bayou Area. I am proud to have this important park, its natural beaches, historic sites, and wildlife sanctuaries within my district. The Gulf Islands National Seashore has been a part of the Mississippi Gulf Coast community since Congress estab-lished the park in 1971. Since that es-tablishment, the Gulf Islands National Seashore has worked closely with the Mark Seymour Veterans of Foreign Wars, VFW Post 5699. In fact, the post has shared a road with the seashore for the better part of the last 30 years. The Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act would make per-manent a 30-year easement that has provided an access road and driveway for the VFW. In exchange, the VFW will give the Gulf Islands National Sea-shore some of its acreage, which in-cludes valuable wetlands. The Gulf Is-lands National Seashore and the Mark Seymour VFW both strongly support this land exchange, but the Depart-ment of the Interior needs congres-sional approval before it can make the land exchange official. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I encour-age the House to pass this bill as a sus-pension vote. I would also like to thank the subcommittee chairman as well as Chairman B
ISHOP and the rank-ing member of the Committee on Nat-ural Resources for their support and help in bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 2615. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
WORLD WAR II PACIFIC SITES ESTABLISHMENT ACT Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5706) to establish the Pearl Har-bor National Memorial in the State of Hawai’i and the Honouliuli National Historic Site in the State of Hawai’i, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5706 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘World War II Pacific Sites Establishment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PEARL HARBOR NATIONAL MEMORIAL, HAWAI’I. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Pearl Harbor National Memorial— Proposed Boundary’’, numbered 580/140,514, and dated November 2017. (2) N
ATIONAL MEMORIAL .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Memorial’’ means the Pearl Harbor National Memorial established by subsection (b)(1)(A). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) P
EARL HARBOR NATIONAL MEMORIAL .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—There is established the Pearl Harbor National Memorial in the State of Hawai’i as a unit of the National Park System. (B) B
OUNDARIES .—The boundaries of the National Memorial shall be the boundaries generally depicted on the Map. (C) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP .—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Na-tional Memorial are to preserve, interpret, and commemorate for the benefit of present and future generations the history of World War II in the Pacific from the events leading to the December 7, 1941, attack on O’ahu, to peace and reconciliation. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall administer the National Memorial in accord-ance with this section, section 121 of Public Law 111–88, and the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System includ-ing— (1) section 100101(a), chapter 1003, and sec-tions 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101 of title 54, United States Code; and (2) chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (d) R
EMOVAL OF PEARL HARBOR NATIONAL  M
EMORIAL FROMWORLD WARII V ALOR IN THE  P
ACIFIC NATIONAL MONUMENT .— (1) B
OUNDARIES .—The boundaries of World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monu-ment are revised to exclude from the monu-ment the land and interests in land identi-fied as the ‘‘Pearl Harbor National Memo-rial’’ as depicted on the Map. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.013 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9486 November 13, 2018 
(2) I NCORPORATION INTO NATIONAL MEMO -
RIAL.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The land and interests in land excluded from the monument under paragraph (1) are incorporated in and made part of the National Memorial in accordance with this section. (B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Any funds for the pur-poses of the land and interests in land ex-cluded from the monument under paragraph (1) shall be made available for the purposes of the National Memorial. (C) R
EFERENCES .—Any references in law (other than in this Act), regulation, docu-ment, record, map or other paper of the United States to resources in the State of Hawai’i included in the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument shall be considered a reference to Pearl Harbor Na-tional Memorial. 
SEC. 3. HONOULIULI NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE, HAWAI’I. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
ISTORIC SITE .—The term ‘‘Historic Site’’ means the Honouliuli National His-toric Site established by subsection (b)(1)(A). (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Honouliuli National Historic Site— Proposed Boundary’’, numbered 680/139428, and dated June 2017. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) H
ONOULIULI NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—There is established the Honouliuli National Historic Site in the State of Hawai’i as a unit of the National Park System. (B) B
OUNDARIES .—The boundaries of the Historic Site shall be the boundaries gen-erally depicted on the Map. (C) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP .—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the His-toric Site are to preserve and interpret for the benefit of present and future generations the history associated with the internment and detention of civilians of Japanese and other ancestries during World War II in Ha-wai’i, the impacts of war and martial law on society in the Hawaiian Islands, and the co- location and diverse experiences of Prisoners of War at the Honouliuli Internment Camp site. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the Historic Site in accordance with this section and the laws generally ap-plicable to units of the National Park Sys-tem, including— (A) section 100101(a), chapter 1003, and sec-tions 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101 of title 54, United States Code; and (B) chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (2) P
ARTNERSHIPS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into agreements with, or acquire easements from, the owners of property adjacent to the Historic Site to provide public access to the Historic Site. (B) I
NTERPRETATION .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with gov-ernmental and nongovernmental organiza-tions to provide for interpretation at the Historic Site. (3) S
HARED RESOURCES .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary may use the resources of the Pearl Harbor National Memorial to administer the Historic Site. (d) A
BOLISHMENT OF HONOULIULI NATIONAL  M
ONUMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In light of the establish-ment of the Honouliuli National Historic Site, the Honouliuli National Monument is hereby abolished and the lands and interests therein are incorporated within and made part of Honouliuli National Historic Site. Any funds available for purposes of Honouliuli National Monument shall be available for purposes of the Historic Site. (2) REFERENCES .—Any references in law (other than in this Act), regulation, docu-ment, record, map or other paper of the United States to Honouliuli National Monu-ment shall be considered a reference to Honouliuli National Historic Site. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5706 will bring in-creased recognition to two important World War II sites in Hawaii. The at-tack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, will never be forgotten. Over 2,300 sailors, soldiers, and civilians lost their lives that fateful day the United States entered World War II. Five sites in Ha-waii have been designated memorials, including the USS Arizona, the USS Oklahoma, and the USS Utah. Receiv-ing over 1 million visitors each year, these serve as places of reflection and remembrance as well as tombs of honor for the crew members who remain there. The creation of the sweeping World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument in 2008 incorporated the five Hawaii sites, along with three loca-tions in Alaska and one in California. H.R. 5706 would establish the areas in Hawaii as the Pearl Harbor National Memorial as a distinct unit of the Na-tional Park System, giving it the full recognition this hallowed site deserves. This new designation will not affect the existing management of the area in any way. H.R. 5706 would also redesignate Honouliuli National Monument as a National Historic Site. This site was the largest and longest used World War II confinement facility in the Hawaiian Islands. By war’s end, over 2,000 people of Japanese ancestry were interned there—the majority of which were American citizens. The boundaries and management of the site will not change with the enactment of H.R. 5706. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to speak on this next bill, H.R. 5706, the World War II Pacific Sites Establish-ment Act, and it means a great deal to me. H.R. 5706 would allow for a func-tional redesignation of two significant sites in Hawaii: Pearl Harbor and the Honouliuli Internment Camp, pro-viding both of these sites with enabling legislation that recognizes their sig-nificant roles in history. The bound-aries and management of these sites will not change. Pearl Harbor is the only site in Ha-waii currently incorporated in the World War II Valor of the Pacific Na-tional Monument, which also includes sites located in California and Alaska. Although the Valor Monument consists of multiple sites, National Park Serv-ice materials reference Pearl Harbor as the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument. H.R. 5706 would separate Pearl Har-bor from the Valor Monument and es-tablish it as the Pearl Harbor National Memorial. Pearl Harbor is a physical representation of the day that will live in infamy, the strides made in U.S.- Japan relations, and the U.S. entry into World War II. This historic site de-serves a name to match its separate identity and significance from the rest of the monument. Along with the well-known USS Ari-zona Memorial, Pearl Harbor is host to the USS Missouri and the USS Bowfin Submarine Museum and Park. To-gether, these sites attract over 1 mil-lion visitors to Hawaii and Pearl Har-bor every year, serving as a significant contributor to Hawaii’s tourist-driven economy. b1645 H.R. 5706 would also establish the Honouliuli National Monument as the Honouliuli National Historic Site. As some of you know, I am the granddaughter of two internees, one of whom was interned at Honouliuli, which I did not learn about until very late in his life. In fact, many who grew up in Hawaii did not know about Honouliuli until it was designated, highlighting the need to quickly pre-serve the site and its history. Although not as well-known as other confinement sites, Honouliuli is unique in that it provides an important histor-ical perspective for martial law in the U.S., the treatment of prisoners of war, and the distinguished history of the 100th Infantry Battalion and the 442nd Infantry Regiment. In their evaluation of the site, the National Park Service said Honouliuli appears to offer the greatest potential to preserve re-sources and interpret the history of the World War II internment. While Japanese Americans on the mainland were interned indiscrimi-nately, that would have been impos-sible in Hawaii’s predominantly Japa-nese American workforce. Unlike the U.S. mainland, the military imposed martial law in Hawaii for the duration of World War II and came up with a process to identify those who were per-ceived to be a threat. These prisoners, mostly male, were separated from their families for years. Some were sent to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.016 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9487 November 13, 2018 
the mainland, like my other grand-father; Honouliuli; or other sites in Ha-waii. Despite these circumstances, more than 10,000 Japanese American men from Hawaii signed up to serve this country in war. More than 2,000 were accepted and served in what eventually became the 100th/442nd Regimental Combat Team. This unit, which in-cludes Hawaii’s late Senator Daniel Inouye, is the most decorated of World War II. Their story is one of incredible patriotism, courage, and service. The collective stories of Honouliuli, and the context in which it was built and operated, are invaluable lessons about the decisions made in the name of war. H.R. 5706 is supported by our local community, receiving endorsements from Pacific Historic Parks and the Japanese Cultural Center of Hawaii. In addition, this bill has been endorsed by the Go for Broke National Education Center and AMVETS. H.R. 5706 will go a long way toward preserving what happened more than 75 years ago at both Pearl Harbor and Honouliuli—the good and bad—for fu-ture generations and I hope will leave an impressions of the sacrifices and courage of our Greatest Generation. I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. Con-gress’ affirmation of what these sites symbolize in our history will mean a great deal to our World War II veterans and their families, Japanese Ameri-cans, and others around the world. I ask for everyone’s support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5706. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING SECRETARY OF IN-TERIOR TO GRANT STATES AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS EASE-MENTS AND RIGHTS-OF-WAY OVER FEDERAL LAND WITHIN GATEWAY NATIONAL RECRE-ATION AREA Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6666) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to grant to States and local governments easements and rights-of-way over Federal land within Gateway National Recreation Area for construction, operation, and mainte-nance of projects for control and pre-vention of flooding and shoreline ero-sion. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6666 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORITY TO GRANT EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS-OF-WAY OVER FEDERAL LANDS WITHIN GATEWAY NATIONAL RECREATION AREA. 
Section 3 of Public Law 92–592 (16 U.S.C. 460cc–2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) A
UTHORITY TOGRANT EASEMENTS AND  R
IGHTS -OF-WAY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior may grant, to any State or local gov-ernment, an easement or right-of-way over Federal lands within Gateway National Recreation Area for construction, operation, and maintenance of projects for control and prevention of flooding and shoreline erosion. ‘‘(2) C
HARGES AND REIMBURSEMENT OF  
COSTS .—The Secretary may grant such an easement or right-of-way without charge for the value of the right so conveyed, except for reimbursement of costs incurred by the United States for processing the application therefore and managing such right. Amounts received as such reimbursement shall be credited to the relevant appropriation ac-count.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-izona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6666, introduced by Congressman D
ANIEL DONOVAN , is an essential piece of legislation that will protect human life and property in coastal New York from devastating hurricanes and storm surges. Hurricane Sandy was one of the dead-liest and most destructive hurricanes in our country’s history, tragically killing 162 people and causing $70 bil-lion in damage. Staten Island, New York, was especially hard hit. H.R. 6666 seeks to ensure this type of devasta-tion does not happen again. This bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to issue an easement across the Gateway National Recre-ation Area for the construction of a seawall to protect coastal residents and infrastructure. The plan for this seawall was developed by the Army Corps of Engineers in conjunction with the State of New York as part of a coastal storm risk management plan. The National Park Service, which op-erates the recreation area, supports this necessary project. I thank Congressman D
ONOVAN for his good work on the bill, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we support this bill to authorize the National Park Service to permit flood control and erosion projects in the Gateway National Recreation Area. Specifically, the gentleman’s bill will enable New York City to move forward with the Staten Island seawall, a project designed to protect commu-nities from future flooding events. A few weeks ago was the 6-year anni-versary of Superstorm Sandy, a somber reminder of the importance of planning for powerful storm surges, sea-level rise, and other impacts of climate change. For good reason, the seawall project is a major priority for the resi-dents of Staten Island and New York. Residents of Hawaii understand the urgency of preparing for the impacts of climate change, so I understand the persistence of Representative DONOVAN  and others in New York to advance this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from Hawaii and Ari-zona for their support. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 6666, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to grant an ease-ment to the city of New York for oper-ation and maintenance of the Staten Island seawall project, following its completion. I have lived on Staten Island my en-tire life and was there with my fellow residents as Superstorm Sandy dev-astated our community. New York suf-fered an astronomical $19 billion in damages, and nearly 1.2 million of my neighbors were without power. We lost 43 New Yorkers during that storm, 24 of them from Staten Island and several more from a portion of the district that I represent in Brooklyn. This project will help my constituents to re-cover. This will be transformative for tens of thousands of Staten Islanders, as it will give them the comprehensive flood protection and flood insurance relief that they need. When the project is 50 percent complete, many people will begin to receive discounts in their flood insurance premiums. When the project is completed, most of the fami-lies living on the other side of this project will have no requirement to have flood insurance coverage at all. It will be a truly life-changing project for them. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House ap-prove this legislation under a suspen-sion of the rules so that the seawall project can bring these benefits to my neighbors on Staten Island. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.029 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9488 November 13, 2018 
GOSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6666. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PEPFAR EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6651) to extend cer-tain authorities relating to United Sates efforts to combat HIV/AIDS, tu-berculosis, and malaria globally, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6651 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. INSPECTORS GENERAL AND ANNUAL STUDY. 
Section 101 of the United States Leader-ship Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7611) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (f)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)(iv)— (i) by striking ‘‘four’’ and inserting ‘‘nine’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
2018’’ and in- serting ‘‘
2024’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2024’’. 
SEC. 3. PARTICIPATION IN THE GLOBAL FUND TO FIGHT AIDS, TUBERCULOSIS, AND MALARIA. 
Section 202(d) of the United States Leader-ship Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7622(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2009 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2004 through 2023’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’; and (iii) by striking clause (vi); and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking clause (ii); (ii) by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) as clauses (ii) and (iii), respectively; (iii) in clause (ii) (as redesignated by clause (ii) of this subparagraph)— (I) in the first sentence, by adding at the end before the period the following: ‘‘or sec-tion 104B or 104C of such Act’’; and (II) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘for HIV/AIDS assistance’’; and (iv) in clause (iii) (as redesignated by clause (ii) of this subparagraph), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 4. ALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
Section 403 of the United States Leader-ship Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7673) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6651, the PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018. Twenty years ago, I was honored to serve as the chairman of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Sub-committee on the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee. During my tenure, ev-erywhere I went, particularly in south-ern Africa, hospitals were full and classrooms sat empty as teachers fell ill. Life expectancy plummeted, and economies deteriorated across the con-tinent. Tens of millions of children were orphaned across Africa when mothers, fathers, teachers, soldiers, factory workers, and health profes-sionals died. The AIDS pandemic that ravaged sub-Saharan Africa and parts of Latin America, Eastern Europe, and Asia was so bad that, in 2000, the U.S. intel-ligence community identified HIV/ AIDS as a major threat to U.S. eco-nomic and national security. To address this, a diverse, bipartisan coalition of administration officials, Members of Congress, faith leaders, ad-vocates, and NGOs joined with Presi-dent Bush to launch the most signifi-cant global response to a single disease in our history. Authorized by Congress in 2003, and later reauthorized in 2008 and 2013, the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, known today as PEPFAR, quickly became the most successful U.S. foreign aid program since the Marshall Plan. Today, through PEPFAR, the U.S. is supporting 14 million people with life-saving treatment, which helps stabilize societies and shrink the pool of new in-fections. More than 85 million people have received voluntary testing and counseling, while more than 2 million babies born to HIV-positive mothers have been born AIDS-free. By strategically targeting resources and holding partners accountable, PEPFAR has helped reduce new infec-tions among the most vulnerable groups, particularly young women and adolescent girls. It has done so by as much as 40 percent. Just last month, I returned to south-ern Africa and witnessed the impact of PEPFAR for myself. Parents are sur-viving; the workforce is recovering; and health systems are becoming stronger. This is tremendous progress for which we all should be extremely proud. But now is not the time for retreat. There remains more to be done. The PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018 provides a framework for PEPFAR’s continued success while addressing new challenges. Among other improve-ments, this act extends a requirement for the inspectors general for the State Department, the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, and the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to conduct joint oversight and joint audit plans. It also extends annual reporting requirements, which contributes to continued and effective congressional oversight. The United States cannot and should not fight this fight alone. That is why this act ensures that our programs are complemented by an effective, effi-cient, and accountable Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Malaria and Tuberculosis. That fund is accountable. This is a sensible, bipartisan ap-proach that will enable the United States, through PEPFAR, to continue to help partner countries expand access to treatment, prevent new infections, and achieve epidemic control. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this timely, important, life-saving measure, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of this measure. Let me, first of all, as I have so many times before, thank Chairman R
OYCE  for his leadership in advancing this lifesaving legislation, as well as Rep-resentative S
MITH, the bill’s author. I also want to acknowledge my friend from California, Congresswoman B
AR-
BARA LEE, one of the lead sponsors not just of this bill, but of the 2003 legisla-tion that originally authorized PEPFAR. She is the chair of the Con-gressional HIV/AIDS Caucus and a tire-less champion in the fight to end HIV/ AIDS, and I salute her tremendous leadership. She was talking about this when very few people were, and look at what we have accomplished. Fifteen years ago, the idea that we would one day talk about an ‘‘AIDS- free generation’’ would have seemed like fantasy. At the time, this disease had killed more than 20 million people, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.032 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9489 November 13, 2018 
another 42 million were infected, and a mere 50,000 people in Africa had access to lifesaving treatments that were still relatively new. b1700 Enter PEPFAR, the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, the largest commitment by any country in the world to combat a single disease. Today, thanks to PEPFAR, 14 million men, women, and children are receiv-ing treatment. More than 85 million people were tested for HIV last year. New diagnoses among young women and girls, a particularly vulnerable population, have dropped dramatically. And more than 2 million babies have been born HIV-free to mothers living with HIV. When President George W. Bush signed PEPFAR into law in 2003, he said: ‘‘We will keep our commitment until we have turned the tide against AIDS.’’ I think that will be President Bush’s legacy, the positive force he was for PEPFAR and helping people living with AIDS. The bill we are now considering is the newest chapter in that commit-ment. It extends key provisions that have allowed PEPFAR to succeed. It also enables Congress to continue its oversight role so that PEPFAR’s vital work plows ahead while we make sure taxpayer dollars are put to use effi-ciently and effectively. In my view, that oversight role has become especially important. PEPFAR thrived in the previous two administra-tions, and I regret that the current ad-ministration has twice sought deep cuts to efforts to fight AIDS. If these cuts were enacted—and, thankfully, Congress has rejected the requests—it would set us back more than 2 decades. We would see the first spike in new HIV infections worldwide since 1995. It would negate the enormous work and billions invested over the past 15 years. At the same time, the administration has reimposed and expanded the global gag rule, the so-called Mexico City pol-icy. I think it is a wrong approach. This approach to healthcare is denying so many people their right to com-prehensive healthcare from providers they trust. It has ripple effects that hamper our work to combat HIV/AIDS. For example, a Mozambican Associa-tion for Family Development clinic tested nearly 6,000 patients for HIV over a 3-month period between July and September of last year. Then the global gag rule went into force, and the clinic lost its funding. During the next 3-month period, just 671 patients were tested for HIV, a decline of nearly 90 percent. This is not something that we should just fathom. For 15 years, PEPFAR has been a model of what can be achieved through bipartisan cooperation. I hope that the administration will return to that consensus by ending its budget re-quests and lifting the global gag rule, which evidence shows is utterly at odds with the goals of PEPFAR. We cannot have budget cuts for something like this. Only then will it be possible to accel-erate the progress achieved over the last 15 years and finally realize our goal of an AIDS-free generation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. C
HRIS SMITH is chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Glob-al Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, and he is the author of this bill. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this bill, and E
LIOT E
NGEL and B ARBARA LEE. We were there when George W. Bush signed this legislation. We were sitting next to each other. This has made an enormous dif-ference in the lives of so many people. I call on our colleagues to support the PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018, which authorizes funding for each of the next 5 years for comprehensive programs de-signed to prevent or provide treatment for people suffering from HIV/AIDS, malaria, and/or TB throughout the world. Because of the vision of George W. Bush—and here in the House, it was Henry Hyde and Tom Lantos as chair-man and ranking member—since 2003, PEPFAR has saved an estimated 16 million lives. Today, 13 countries are on track to control their HIV/AIDS epi-demic by 2020. When the President signed it, he said, and I quote in part: ‘‘HIV/AIDS is one of the greatest medical challenges of our time. . . . Across Africa, this dis-ease is filling graveyards and creating orphans and leaving millions in a des-perate fight for their own lives.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘In the face of preventable death and suffering, we have a moral duty to act, and we are acting.’’ Today, according to the U.S. Depart-ment of State, PEPFAR is the largest commitment by any nation to address a single disease in all of history. Before PEPFAR, only some 50,000 people in Africa had access to lifesaving antiretroviral treatment. That number has since increased to approximately 14 million people receiving treatment for HIV and AIDS. Thanks to antiretrovirals, some 2.2 million babies have been born HIV-free to HIV-posi-tive moms. Since the start of PEPFAR, new HIV infections have declined between 41 percent to 76 percent, depending on the country, and, again, more than 16 mil-lion people have been saved. Yet the need for this legislation continues to be absolutely compelling because so much more needs to be done. The Trump administration’s 2018 PEPFAR report to Congress sounds the alarm, noting that, according to UNAIDS, nearly 37 million people are living with HIV globally; however, only 20.9 million are getting treatment. They point out that we must con-tinue to act decisively and strategi-cally with our resources and bring other donors in high HIV-burdened countries to the table. Otherwise, we all risk an epidemic that rebounds be-yond the global community’s capacity to respond. The time to act is now. Every week, 32,000 people are infected with HIV globally. Of all the new HIV infections in adolescents in the region, nearly 75 percent are among females, and they are up to 14 times more likely to con-tract HIV/AIDS than young men. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this lifesaving legislation, and again, I thank my colleagues. I thank the Speaker and KEVIN MCCARTHY for bringing this legislation to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge House passage of my bill—H.R. 6651—the PEPFAR Exten-sion Act of 2018, which authorizes funding for each of the next five years for comprehensive programs designed to prevent or provide treat-ment for people suffering from HIV/AIDS, ma-laria or TB throughout the world. (Current funding is approximately $6 billion per year). Because of the vision of President George W. Bush and here in the House the leadership of the Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Henry Hyde joined by Ranking Member Tom Lantos, since 2003 the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief or PEPFAR has saved an estimated 16 million lives, and 13 countries today are on track to control their HIV/AIDS epidemic by 2020. When President Bush signed the U.S. Lead-ership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria Act into law in 2003—B
ARBARA LEE and I were actually sitting together at the cere-mony—President Bush said: ‘‘HIV/AIDS is one of the great medical chal-lenges of our time . . . Across Africa, this dis-ease is filling graveyards and creating orphans and leaving millions in a desperate fight for their own lives. They will not fight alone . . . The legislation I sign today launches an emer-gency effort that will provide $15 billion over the next five years to fight AIDS abroad . . . In the face of preventable death and suffering, we have a moral duty to act, and we are act-ing . . .’’ Today, according to the U.S. Department of State, ‘‘PEPFAR is the largest commitment by any nation to address a single disease in his-tory. Through PEPFAR, the U.S. government has invested over $80 billion dollars in bilat-eral HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis programs.’’ Before PEPFAR, only some 50,000 people in Africa had access to lifesaving antiretroviral treatment. That number has since increased to approximately 14 million people receiving treatment for HIV and AIDS. Thanks to antiretrovirals, some 2.2 million babies have been born HIV-free to HIV positive mothers. Since the start of PEPFAR new HIV infections have declined between 41–76%. And again, more than 16 million lives have been saved. Yet, the need for this legislation is abso-lutely compelling, because there is much more to be done. The Trump Administration’s 2018 PEPFAR Report to Congress sounds the alarm noting that: ‘‘according to UNAIDS, nearly 37 million peo-ple are living with HIV globally; however, the number of those on treatment is currently 20.9 million. While treatment access has increased 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.033 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9490 November 13, 2018 
by more than 160 percent since 2010, there is still much more to do to ensure everyone is virally suppressed, especially children and in-dividuals under age 35. Constant evaluation of program implementation, epidemic data, and partner performance is essential to continue to accelerate our impact. We must continue to act decisively and strategically with our re-sources and to bring other donors and high- HIV-burden countries to the table; otherwise, we all risk an epidemic that rebounds beyond the global community’s capacity to respond. The time to act is now. Every week, 32,000 people are infected with HIV globally, including 6,900 young women and 3,000 children, and 19,000 people die of AIDS-related illnesses. In sub-Saharan Africa, adolescent girls and young women are especially affected. Of all the new HIV infections in adolescents in the region, nearly 75 percent are among females; they are up to 14 times more likely to contract HIV/AIDS than young men.’’ I introduced H.R. 6651 joined by a group of bipartisan original cosponsors to ensure the continuation of this extraordinarily effective lifesaving initiative—and the time to act is now. This PEPFAR extension includes an amend-ment to extend programs aimed at supporting Orphans and Vulnerable Children—an initia-tive that assists over six million individuals— with support from multiple organizations, in-cluding Catholic Relief Services and World Vi-sion. I would like to thank my Democratic col-league, and original cosponsor, B
ARBARA LEE for her outstanding commitment to this issue. I also wish to commend the leadership shown by Chairman E
DROYCE , Ranking Mem-ber E
NGEL , ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN —ILEANA , we will miss you—and my colleague on the Africa subcommittee, Ranking Member K
AREN BASS. I would also like to thank the staff who worked on this extension, coordinating with advocacy groups and helping bring this bill to the floor—Luke Murray from the Leader’s of-fice, Joan Condon and Catherine Rowland from the House Foreign Affairs Committee majority and minority, Diala Jadallah and Ja-nette Yarwood from Representative L
EE’s and Representative B
ASS’s office, and Piero Tozzi from my subcommittee. I also want to thank the many advocacy groups who weighed in with support and work tirelessly day-in-and-out to bring relief to those afflicted by HIV/AIDS and their family members. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE), one of the lead spon-sors of this bill. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank our ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , for yielding me time but also for his hard and diligent work and for being a real champion for our global health programs. I thank the gentleman very much for his kind words. Let me also thank House Foreign Af-fairs Committee Chairman R
OYCE and the chair of the Africa Subcommittee, C
HRIS SMITH, for their dedication to strengthening PEPFAR. It has really been a pleasure working with them from day one on this lifesaving legisla-tion. I cannot forget the late Chairman Henry Hyde and our ranking member, Tom Lantos, who worked so hard— C
HRIS, you remember this—in making sure that this legislation stayed on track and that it was bipartisan. Also, to our current ranking member of the House Africa Subcommittee, Congresswoman KAREN BASS, I have to acknowledge her and thank her for her tremendous leadership, as well as the Congressional Black Caucus because it was the Congressional Black Caucus that supported me in my work with President Bush and, thankfully, our leader, N
ANCY PELOSI , who helped with this transformational legislation. It was many years ago, so I just have to salute and thank them. I also thank my colleague Congress-woman B
ETTY MCCOLLUM , because she never let us forget that we insisted on must-have efforts in this legislation on behalf of vulnerable children and or-phans. As the coauthor of this critical legis-lation, I am very proud, as I said, to continue now with this legislation, which really is the legacy of bipartisan leadership and support for PEPFAR and the Global Fund. Mr. Speaker, this PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018 is extremely important. It would reauthorize PEPFAR and the Global Fund for 5 years. PEPFAR is, arguably, one of the most efficient and effective foreign as-sistance programs in history. At the time that PEPFAR was established in 2003, only 50,000 people were treated in sub-Saharan Africa. Thanks to strong bipartisan support for PEPFAR over the last 15 years, PEPFAR now sup-ports lifesaving HIV treatment for more than 13.3 million people in more than 50 countries. Our investments in PEPFAR have also allowed 2.2 million babies to be born HIV-free, and more than 6.4 mil-lion orphans, vulnerable children, and their caregivers are provided with as-sistance under these programs. Now, I remember the very first indi-vidual—I believe his name was John Roberts—whom I met in Uganda. He was alive. He was so happy. He was raising a family. I believe he was a teacher. He had tears in his eyes when I met him, and he told me to make sure I thanked the United States of America for these lifesaving drugs and for the program. But we can’t allow these successes to lull us into complacency. While we have made unprecedented strides in the fight against HIV and AIDS, the need for robust investments in these pro-grams is more important. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an addi-tional 2 minutes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, we have made unprecedented strides in the fight against HIV and AIDS. The need for ro-bust investments, though, is more im-portant than ever. A report released by The Lancet in July found that the HIV pandemic is not on track to end and that little progress has been made in reducing new infections over the past decade. Tens of millions of people will require access to sustained antiretroviral treatment for decades to come. According to PEPFAR, every week, 32,000 people are infected with HIV globally, including 6,900 young women and 3,000 children. Mr. Speaker, 19,000 people die of AIDS-related illnesses each week. Without a renewed global effort to address HIV, we really do risk the epi-demic rebounding. We cannot allow that to happen. That is why we must reject any attempts—any attempts—by the Trump administration to cut any funding for PEPFAR and the Global Fund, and fight against the imposition of the global gag rule, which is already affecting access to critical healthcare services around the world. Support for PEPFAR and the Global Fund has never been a partisan issue. We cannot allow that to change now. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill, and I want to thank my colleagues so much for their support and for helping us work through these very tough nego-tiations this time. We will move for-ward and, hopefully, find solace in the fact that we can wipe AIDS from the face of this Earth by 2030. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. ROS- L
EHTINEN ). She is the chairwoman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, an original cosponsor of this bill, and the co-chair of the HIV/AIDS Caucus here in the House. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to be an original cospon-sor, along with Chairman R
OYCE and our wonderful ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , of the PEPFAR Extension Act, which has been led by our colleague C
HRIS SMITH of New Jersey and my friend Ms. B
ARBARA LEEof California. This bill will build upon the success of PEPFAR, which has been a trans-formative program in fighting HIV/ AIDS, this epidemic, worldwide. PEPFAR has supported lifesaving antiretroviral treatments for close to 14 million people, a nearly fivefold in-crease over the last 10 years. Since the program’s inception, nearly 2 million HIV-free babies have been born to HIV- infected mothers. This program has also contributed di-rectly to the stability, to the security, and to the economic growth of coun-tries around the globe. When President George W. Bush called on Congress to take action in re-sponding to the global crisis of HIV 15 years ago, Republicans and Democrats stood together, just as we are standing together tonight, to authorize this pro-gram. Time and time again, PEPFAR has been reauthorized with over-whelming bipartisan support. I will forever cherish, Mr. Speaker, standing in the Oval Office as Presi-dent George W. Bush signed this essen-tial program into law. I am so proud of what we as a Nation have accomplished 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.022 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9491 November 13, 2018 
through this incredible program. With the help of our global partners, every day, we are closer to achieving an AIDS-free generation. I urge all my colleagues to give it their full support. I thank the Chair-man, Mr. Ranking Member, Ms. L
EE, and Mr. S
MITH. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), who is a great advocate for those living with HIV/ AIDS. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation reauthor-izing the President’s Emergency Plan for HIV/AIDS Relief, commonly re-ferred to as PEPFAR, for an additional 5 years until 2023. When this law was established in 2003, I was very proud to be a member of the International Relations Com-mittee. Thanks in large part to the bi-partisan leadership of Chairman Henry Hyde and Ranking Member Tom Lan-tos, the original bill included dedicated funding that required that at least 10 percent of the funds be used for or-phans and vulnerable children. b1715 I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Rank-ing Member E
NGEL , and I thank Chair-man S
MITH and Ranking Member B ASS for maintaining support for the dedi-cated OVC funding and ensuring this provision was restored when the For-eign Affairs Committee marked up this bill in September. Today, at least more than 12 million children worldwide have lost at least one parent to HIV/AIDS, and at least 80 percent of these children live in sub- Saharan Africa. Of the 1.8 million children living with HIV/AIDS, only half have the necessary antiretroviral treatment; and without this treatment, it is expected that 80 percent will not make it to their fifth birthday. The dedicated OVC funding in this bill ensures that these children will continue to be a priority in our fight against HIV/AIDS in responding di-rectly to physical, emotional, and eco-nomic impacts HIV/AIDS has on vul-nerable children. The OVC programs protect children from contracting HIV/AIDS, expand ac-cess to high-quality healthcare serv-ices, work directly with families and communities to strengthen capacity and resilience building, and give these children a future. We still have work to do, and these programs, we know they are effective, and we know that they are working. As of September 2017, PEPFAR had pro-vided care and support to more than 6.4 million orphans and vulnerable chil-dren and their caregivers worldwide. I thank the Foreign Affairs Commit-tee’s leadership for ensuring this crit-ical funding provision was included in the final version of the bill. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Let me close and let me say that, as the sponsor of the last PEPFAR reau-thorization in 2013, I am proud to be a part of this effort. And I again thank Chairman ROYCE ; Congresswoman L EE; the chair and ranking member of our Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions Subcommittee, Representatives S
MITH and B ASS; and Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN as well. I also thank Ambassador Deborah Birx, the U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator and U.S. Special Representative for Global Health Diplomacy, for her tire-less work to ensure PEPFAR’s success. Mr. Speaker, over the last 15 years, PEPFAR has been nothing short of rev-olutionary. It is a humanitarian and global health triumph, with very few rivals across history, but it is still a work in progress. An AIDS-free generation remains as-pirational, certainly more within reach than it was a few years ago, but still a vision that we need to keep working for. If we reverse course, if we slash funding for these efforts, it would un-dermine our own efforts with foolish policies. We stand to lose so much of what has been achieved. I am glad to support this bipartisan measure which would keep us on the right course, and I again urge the ad-ministration to agree with what Con-gress has done, not to cut funding in this much-needed help. I am pleased to support the bill. I ask all Members to do the same, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Committee on For-eign Affairs, with the help of our rank-ing member, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL , has worked across both Chambers of Con-gress. We have worked across party lines. We have worked to craft a bill that preserves congressional preroga-tives and advances U.S. interests and helps save lives. I again thank Mr. C
HRIS SMITH, be-cause H.R. 6651 does all of that. It does not contain new authorized appropria-tions, nor does it affect direct spending or revenues. It does not create new pro-grams or include major new policy pro-visions. It is, in other words, a non-controversial bipartisan measure that extends critical PEPFAR authorities and the transparency requirements that expired on September 30 of 2018. Congress has reauthorized, now, this program twice before, and I thank the U.S. Global Aids coordinator, Ambas-sador Birx, for her steadfast commit-ment to making PEPFAR as efficient and effective as possible. And, of course, I want to again thank all of the sponsors—Representatives S
MITH, R OS-LEHTINEN , E NGEL , and L
EE—for championing this effort and doing so from the very start. And, finally, I thank Joan Condon on my staff, who has been instrumental in seeing this important legislation over the finish line and who has long worked for effective U.S. assistance programs that both save lives and rein-force the moral stature of the United States around this globe. The success of these efforts, the suc-cess of this program will forever be measured by the lives it has saved. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6651, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to extend certain au-thorities relating to United States ef-forts to combat HIV/AIDS, tuber-culosis, and malaria globally, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AFFIRMING STRONG UNITED STATES-LIBERIA TIES AND SUP-PORT FOR DEMOCRATIC PRIN-CIPLES Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 1055) to affirm strong United States-Liberia ties and support for democratic prin-ciples, and call for full implementation of the Truth and Reconciliation Com-mission recommendations, including the establishment of an Extraordinary Criminal Tribunal for Liberia. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1055 Whereas today the United States is home to an estimated 80,000 people of Liberian an-cestry in vibrant communities across the country, who have been instrumental in America’s efforts to build a peaceful, demo-cratic, and prosperous Liberia; Whereas Liberia and the United States share close historical, political, and eco-nomic ties over the course of a nearly 200- year relationship; Whereas the people and Government of the United States have a deep interest in Libe-ria’s democratic stability and postconflict development; Whereas the civil war from 1991 to 2002 re-sulted in the death of over 200,000 people in Sierra Leone and Liberia, the displacement of over 1,000,000 persons, and the horrific cases of amputations, mass rape, and human rights abuses conducted under the leadership of Charles Taylor; Whereas Charles Taylor was convicted through the Special Court for Sierra Leone for 11 different charges of war crimes, crimes against humanity, such as rape, sexual abuse, and slavery, and violation of inter-national law, including the use of child sol-diers; Whereas a comprehensive peace agreement was signed by the Government of Liberia, rebel groups, and political parties in 2003; Whereas the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, as established under the 2003 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.036 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9492 November 13, 2018 
comprehensive peace agreement, was for-mally created in 2005 with a mandate ‘‘to promote national peace, security, unity and reconciliation by investigating gross human rights violations and violations of humani-tarian law, sexual violations, and economic crimes that occurred between January 1979 and October 2003’’; Whereas the Truth and Reconciliation Commission released a report in December 2008 recommending the establishment of an Extraordinary Criminal Tribunal for Liberia and listed individuals, corporations, and in-stitutions recommended for further inves-tigation and prosecution, among other rec-ommendations; Whereas the Government of Liberia has not fully implemented the recommendations of the Truth and Reconciliation Agreement to date, including the establishment of an Extraordinary Criminal Tribunal; Whereas Liberia experienced its first democratic and peaceful transition of power since 1944 after President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf respected constitutional term limits and George Weah defeated Vice President Jo-seph Boakai following a runoff during the 2017 Presidential elections; Whereas the United States congratulated the people of Liberia on the successful con-clusion of the Presidential runoff election and recognized the important role Liberia’s Supreme Court, political parties, security forces, and civil society organizations played in holding a peaceful and transparent con-test; and Whereas the United States Government and American citizens have invested in Libe-ria to rebuild and support democratic insti-tutions, postconflict recovery, economic growth, improved access to education and health care, professionalization of the coun-try’s military and civilian security forces, and efforts to foster accountability and transparency of government institutions: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) upholds its commitment to maintain and foster the enduring relationship between the people and the Governments of the United States and Liberia; (2) urges the Government and people of Li-beria to support the truth and reconciliation process through full implementation of the recommendations of the Truth and Rec-onciliation Commission, including the estab-lishment of an Extraordinary Criminal Tri-bunal; and (3) supports efforts by the Department of State and United States Agency for Inter-national Development to advance Liberian efforts toward national reconciliation through continued support for the rule of law, effective governance, and the robust role of civil society. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 1055, which affirms the strong ties between the United States and Liberia and calls for full implementation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission recommendations. I want to thank Representative DONOVAN and Representative J OHNSON  for their work on this resolution. During my time as chairman of the Africa Subcommittee, we held hearings and we pressed legislation to bring at-tention to the brutal civil war in Libe-ria and Sierra Leone that killed 200,000 people and that displaced more than 1 million, one of whom was also an or-phan, orphaned by this conflict, and he worked in my own office here in Con-gress. We heard testimony, for example, also, from a young girl no more than 10 years old who recounted the atrocities she, herself, endured during the war, a gruesome illustration of the horrific and lasting impact this conflict had on the people of Liberia and Sierra Leone. The Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Orga-nizations Subcommittee worked across party lines and alongside the inter-national community and alongside the people of Liberia and Sierra Leone to apprehend the notorious warlord Charles Taylor, and I would like to thank our staff director, Tom Sheehy, for his help in this regard. Today, Charles Taylor remains behind bars. In 2003, the Government of Liberia, rebel groups, and political parties signed a comprehensive peace agree-ment. A Truth and Reconciliation Commission was created, which rec-ommended the establishment of a war crimes tribunal to ensure justice for the people of Liberia. This would be along the same lines of what we had worked to effectively establish for the people of Sierra Leone in terms of their special court. Unfortunately, however, this war crimes tribunal for Liberia has never been established, although Liberian Government figures and Liberian activ-ists alike have continued to call for one. This resolution repeats this im-portant call. We have turned the page on this hor-rific chapter in Liberia’s history. In March, the U.N. peacekeeping mission there officially ended. It is not often we get to celebrate the successful end of a mission, and we remember the 202 peacekeepers that lost their lives to bring peace and to bring stability to the region. President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf was democratically elected in 2005 and re-elected in 2011 before stepping down from power. Last year, the country ex-perienced its first democratic transi-tion of power since November of 1944. This further strengthened democratic institutions, and it set an important precedent for future leaders. Much more needs to be done to crack down on corruption and create a more conducive environment for trade and economic investment. The government must ensure the policies are in place to encourage business to invest and grow and create jobs, but this resolution af-firms the U.S. commitment to continue to partner with Liberia to support civil society, rule of law, and good govern-ance. We stand by the Liberian people in their continued efforts for a more prosperous and a more democratic Li-beria. The United States and Liberia share close historical, political, and eco-nomic ties over the course of our near-ly 200-year relationship. The United States is home to 80,000 people of Libe-rian ancestry. This resolution com-mends this diaspora population, which has been instrumental in America’s ef-forts to build a peaceful, democratic, and prosperous Liberia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative D
ONOVAN for his work on this resolu-tion which reaffirms America’s rela-tionship with Liberia and calls for the Government of Liberia to hold ac-countable those who carried out mass violence and atrocities during the country’s civil war in the 1990s. That war resulted in the deaths of over 200,000 people and was marked by gross human rights violations. In the wake of this conflict, the Libe-rian Government started working to investigate the horrific crimes com-mitted during the war. In 2005, a Truth and Reconciliation Commission put forward recommendations to follow through on those efforts. But now, 10 years later, the Government of Liberia still hasn’t fully implemented those recommendations. Liberia, as the chairman pointed out, and the United States share close his-torical, political, and economic ties. We in the United States are committed to helping Liberia prosper as a stable democracy. The 2017 elections were an important turning point. This was the country’s first peaceful democratic transition of power since 1944. Today’s measure rightly congratulates Liberia for this achievement. For Liberia to fully move forward, it must deal with its past. So this resolu-tion urges Liberia to implement the recommendations from the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. There must be justice and accountability for the atrocities committed during Libe-ria’s Civil War. Mr. Speaker, the resolution before us today is a very important step to con-tinue our strong relationship with Li-beria, and I am happy to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the time I previously yielded back. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.021 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9493 November 13, 2018 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ), an es-teemed Member from the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the author of the resolution. b1730 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 1055, to af-firm strong United States-Liberian ties and support for democratic principles, and call for full implementation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission recommendations, including the estab-lishment of an Extraordinary Criminal Tribunal for Liberia. My district, Staten Island and South Brooklyn, is home to thousands of Li-berians who have fled the turbulence of civil war. My constituents have di-rectly told me how important it is to them that Liberia establish an extraor-dinary war crimes tribunal. At this very moment, people who have committed unspeakable war crimes hold positions in the Liberian Government. Murder, rape, mutilation, torture, unfortunately, Liberia has seen it all. Although it has been dec-ades since these atrocities have oc-curred, wounds cannot be healed with-out justice for victims. Moreover, this lack of accountability is leading Liberia into a slow creep backwards towards the murderous mayhem of its civil war days. Without the justice Liberians are rightfully clamoring for, I fear there will be fur-ther violence and turbulence. This is why it is so crucial to call upon Liberia to establish a war crimes tribunal. As a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I have had the great pleas-ure of working with Chairman R
OYCE  and Ranking Member E
NGEL and the chairman of my subcommittee, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. The bipartisan manner in which they have conducted committee business in order to move impactful and consequential legisla-tion is something truly to be admired and replicated. Thank you, Chairman R
OYCE . Thank you to Chairman R
OYCE , Ranking Member E
NGEL , Chairman S
MITH, and my Democratic coleader, Congressman H
ANKJOHNSON , and all of our other cosponsors for supporting this resolution. I would also like to thank the com-mittee staff, especially Meg Gallagher, Sean ONeill, and Marie Spear, for their work on this matter. I urge all my colleagues to support this resolution and continue to seek justice across the globe. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chair-man of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 1055, offered by my good friend and colleague, DANDONOVAN . This is an im-portant piece of legislation. It under-scores the unfinished business towards Liberia. Liberia is one of our best friends and allies, historically to the present day, for very many reasons, including the fact that freed men and women and former slaves from this country went back and helped to make Liberia what it is today. Unfortunately, they have had people like Charles Taylor, a despotic leader who killed and maimed and enabled gross rape. He, personally, has been held to account by the Court for Sierra Leone. We all know that David Crane, chief prosecutor, who has testified before my subcommittee on several occasions, did a wonderful job in bringing large num-bers of people to justice. Charles Tay-lor, for example, got 50 years. I will never forget that infamous photo of Taylor looking down at the floor, never thinking that he would get a 50-year jail term for his crimes. But there are many others who never got prosecuted. The Truth and Rec-onciliation Commission made serious recommendations that have not been implemented, including establishment of a criminal tribunal for Liberia. The time has come. D
ANDONOVAN ’s bill puts the House clearly on record in saying we think this needs to be done, and it needs to be done now. I thank him for his leadership. On the sub-committee, he has been a great voice of reason and strength, as well as for human rights, particularly for those in Liberia. Last September, he chaired one of our hearings on Liberia, and I thought he did a masterful job, and I want to thank him for that leadership. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bi-partisan bill. I urge its passage. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close. I yield myself the bal-ance of my time. I again want to thank Mr. D
ONOVAN  and Chairman R
OYCE for their work on this effort. We want to ensure that the U.S. continues to enjoy its centuries- long relationship with Liberia. The measure puts the United States on record again, once again, encour-aging Liberia in the right direction to-ward democratic stability and account-ability. So I urge all Members to sup-port this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank my colleagues. I thank Representatives D
ANDONOVAN and H ANK JOHNSON for their work on this legislation, as well as C
HRIS SMITH, E LIOT ENGEL , and K
AREN BASSfor their support. The U.S. stands by the Liberian peo-ple, those living in Liberia, and the di-aspora in their continued efforts for a more prosperous and a more demo-cratic Liberia. Reconciliation from the atrocities of the past is an important step in this process and will ensure peace, and it will ensure that the stability remains. The U.S. must continue to support civil society, rule of law, and good gov-ernance to strengthen democratic in-stitutions. I urge my colleagues to support this important measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 1055, legislation af-firming the United States’ strong relationship with Liberia. Liberia gives us hope that if we are willing to face truth of our past there can be hope for unity after devastating divisions. It takes cour-age to honestly face your history and find ways to move forward as a country. We must commit to supporting and encouraging this burgeoning democracy. It has been an honor to work with my col-league Rep. DONOVAN . I am encouraged by his commitment to this cause. I am pleased to stand before you today to voice my unwaver-ing support for H. Res. 1055 and ask for yours as well. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 1055. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AFFIRMING UNITED STATES-AUS-TRALIA COOPERATION ON SPACE RESEARCH, EXPLORATION, AND UTILIZATION Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 1052) affirming United States-Australia co-operation on space research, explo-ration, and utilization. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1052 Whereas the United States of America and the Commonwealth of Australia are treaty allies; Whereas United States and Australia de-fense cooperation extends back 100 years, to the Battle of Hamel in World War I; Whereas the Australia, New Zealand, United States Security Treaty, also referred to as the ANZUS Treaty, has formed the framework of the United States-Australia al-liance since 1951; Whereas the Australia-United States Min-isterial Consultation, also referred to as AUSMIN, has contributed to a deeper part-nership between the two nations; Whereas the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) notes that, ‘‘The United States and Australia have been cooperating in civil space for more than 50 years’’; Whereas the United States Apollo missions and subsequent space science and explo-ration conducted by the United States bene-fitted greatly from the partnership with our Australian allies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.039 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9494 November 13, 2018 
Whereas Neil Armstrong’s first steps on the surface of the Moon were relayed to Houston through the Honeysuckle Creek site in Australia; Whereas NASA also notes that, ‘‘The Can-berra complex is an integral component of NASA’s Deep Space Network (DSN), the world’s largest and most sensitive scientific telecommunications system’’; Whereas the Canberra Deep Space Commu-nication Complex (CDSCC) is one of NASA’s largest tracking and communication facili-ties outside the United States; Whereas, on Tuesday, October 17, 2017, Aus-tralian Ambassador to the United States Joe Hockey and Acting NASA Administrator Robert Lightfoot signed a 25-year agreement for continued cooperation on space coopera-tion, including on space tracking; Whereas the United States and Australian governments have jointly committed to ex-panding Space Situational Awareness (SSA); Whereas United States-Australia coopera-tion on SSA is critical to maximize defense capabilities, monitoring environmental changes, avoiding space congestion and colli-sions, and protecting against exploitation from the growing counter-space capabilities of our adversaries; Whereas, on September 24, 2017, the Gov-ernment of Australia under Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull committed to creating the Australian Space Agency, with operations beginning on July 1, 2018; and Whereas the Australian Space Agency commenced operations on July 1, 2018: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) commends the Australian Government in constituting the Australian Space Agen-cy; (2) recognizes the value in United States- Australia cooperation on space research, ex-ploration, and utilization, including on ter-restrial research, commercial activities, and human and robotic space exploration; (3) supports international cooperation on space research, exploration, and utilization and other forms of space diplomacy as being in the national interest of the United States; (4) encourages the Department of State to support and facilitate international coopera-tion with Australia on space research, explo-ration, and utilization through diplomatic efforts, including through the Australia- United States Ministerial Consultations (AUSMIN) forum and multilateral initiatives with Japan, Canada, the European Union, and other partners of both the United States and Australia; and (5) supports deeper cooperation with our Australian allies in contributing each coun-try’s unique strengths and resources to mu-tual prosperity and security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league, Representative CASTRO from Texas, for sponsoring this measure, which affirms the longstanding stra-tegic alliance between the United States and Australia, and especially our extensive cooperation on space-re-lated activities. Australia has long played a key role in the U.S. space program. It hosts sev-eral facilities that are crucial for maintaining communications with our manned and robotic missions. These fa-cilities also support U.S. satellites and spacecraft, including those related to military and intelligence-related ac-tivities. The establishment of the Australian Space Agency, which was just an-nounced this past year, will only add to this long history and will promote more mutually beneficial cooperation as advanced technologies create new opportunities for jobs in both coun-tries. This increased cooperation is espe-cially timely, as Australia’s impor-tance to the U.S. national security is enhanced by the ongoing militarization of space that is being undertaken by both Beijing and Moscow. This resolu-tion highlights the growing importance of our two countries’ cooperation in this vital area and looks forward to even closer ties in the future. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution. Let me thank Mr. C
ASTRO for intro-ducing this measure underscoring the importance of U.S.-Australia bilateral cooperation in space. I am grateful for his leadership in bringing this next- generation issue to our attention in the House. The United States and Australia al-ready share deep bonds of cooperation: We are treaty allies; We share intelligence as Five Eyes partners; We are engaged on a range of issues around the world, from defense, to trade, to development; We share a deep cultural connection rooted in our common values of democ-racy and openness; And, of course, this is a friendship quite literally forged in blood. Ameri-cans and Australians have fought and perished side by side in every war since World War I. In July, the U.S.-Australia relation-ship entered its 100th year, and we cele-brated together ‘‘100 Years of Mateship.’’ We are already thinking about our cooperation over the next 100 years, and the U.S.-Australia partner-ship in space research, exploration, and utilization will surely be a key area. The days are gone when human activ-ity in space was limited to great pow-ers competing with one another. Today, with telecommunication and weather satellites floating overhead, space plays a major role in the day-to- day lives of people all over the world. Of course, not all countries inter-ested in space exploration share our in-terests and values when it comes to space. That is why we want to ensure that the values that have underpinned the U.S.-Australia partnership are also carried into our collaboration in the space domain. This resolution reaffirms those val-ues and the importance of this forward- looking partnership. I am pleased to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ), the author of this bill and a valuable member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member E
NGEL and Chairman R
OYCE for all of their help on this piece of legislation. I would also like to thank my col-league from New York, E
LISE S
TEFANIK , for introducing this resolu-tion with me, which honors the U.S.- Australia space cooperation. This year marks 100 years of close co-operation between the United States and Australia. Dating back to World War I, our nations have cooperated dip-lomatically, culturally, militarily, and economically. Just as we come to-gether on other concrete issues, we must also come together to better un-derstand what lies beyond our own uni-verse. This July, Australia set up its na-tional space agency. With this cre-ation, Australia joined a chorus of na-tions seeking to understand our place in the universe. This isn’t the first time our nations have cooperated on space. The first im-ages of Neil Armstrong on the surface of the Moon were transmitted to the world through radio stations in Aus-tralia. We have also cooperated on securing our people’s futures through defense cooperation in space. The establish-ment of Australia’s first space agency is an opportunity to expand on this co-operation towards a more complete un-derstanding of all of these issues. This includes manned and unmanned explo-ration, research across our universities on astrophysics and other issues, and the development of commercial options to access space. This resolution recognizes the impor-tance of this new space agency and the value of U.S. cooperation with Aus-tralia on space exploration. It also en-courages our State Department to fa-cilitate international cooperation on this issue through diplomatic channels. In doing so, we will strengthen our partnerships in the region and inter-nationally. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume to close. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.025 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9495 November 13, 2018 
Let me again thank Mr. C ASTRO for putting forward this timely and impor-tant resolution. He has been a valued leader on policy on Asia and policy in Australia. As we look to the future of U.S.-Aus-tralia relations over the next 100 years, I am confident that our countries will be able to expand our close collabora-tion in the critical domain of space ex-ploration and research. This resolution commends the Gov-ernment of Australia for constituting the Australian Space Agency, which lays the foundation for our bilateral cooperation in space. It also under-scores America’s interests in prioritizing space cooperation in the years to come and in doing it with a good friend in Australia. I support the passage of this resolu-tion. I encourage my colleagues to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league, Representative C
ASTRO of Texas, for sponsoring this measure. Our cooperation with Australia in space-related activities is a key ele-ment of our broader strategic relation-ship. Those ties will become increas-ingly important as new technologies create expanded opportunities for peaceful endeavors and as Beijing and Moscow and others increasingly chal-lenge U.S. national security in space. Expanding our joint efforts in this area will enhance the interests of both countries and further strengthen our longstanding strategic alliance. For these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this timely, bipartisan measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Reso-lution 1052 which affirms cooperation on space research, exploration, and utilization be-tween the United States and its great ally, Australia. On the eve of the 50th anniversary of the landing of Apollo 11 on the Moon, it is fitting that we acknowledge the contribution of NASA’s tracking station located at Honey-suckle Creek in Australia and Australia’s Parkes radio telescope to the success of the Apollo 11 mission. Indeed, Neil Armstrong’s famous words an-nouncing humankind’s first step on the Moon were first received by those facilities located in Australia before being relayed to the rest of the world. Australia has been a crucial partner to the U.S. space program ever since. For example, scientists and engineers from the Australian Space Agency worked with NASA at the Canberra Deep Space Commu-nication Complex to support communications for the landing of rovers on Mars, the arrival of New Horizons to Pluto, and the entry of Juno into orbit around Jupiter. And NASA will build on its experience con-ducting sounding rocket launch operations at Australia’s Woomera Test Range by using the Equatorial Launch Australia launch range for several Astrophysics missions that are sched-uled for 2019. As Ranking Member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, I have been engaged in ensuring that NASA establish the requisite building blocks to ensure the success of the Nation’s space exploration program. One of those building blocks will be inter-national cooperation and partnerships. The National Academies’ Committee on Human Spaceflight recommended in its 2014 ‘‘Pathways to Exploration’’ report that NASA, among other recommendations, ‘‘vigorously pursue opportunities for international and com-mercial collaboration in order to leverage fi-nancial resources and capabilities of other na-tions and commercial entities’’. Peaceful international cooperation has been a hallmark of NASA’s approach since its in-ception. House Resolution 1052 resolution af-firms the need for such cooperation and part-nership with Australia. I urge my fellow Members to pass this Res-olution. b1745 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 1052. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TRANS-SAHARA COUNTERTERROR-ISM PARTNERSHIP ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6018) to establish an interagency program to assist coun-tries in the Sahel, Maghreb, and adja-cent regions of Africa to improve im-mediate and long-term capabilities to counter terrorist threats, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6018 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Trans-Sa-hara Counterterrorism Partnership Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership, launched in 2005, is an inter-agency program to assist partner countries in the Sahel and Maghreb regions of Africa on their immediate and long-term capabili-ties to address terrorist threats and prevent the spread of violent extremism; (2) armed groups and violent Islamist ter-rorist organizations, such as Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, Boko Haram, the Islamic State of West Africa, and other affiliated groups, have killed tens of thousands of in-nocent civilians, displaced populations, de-stabilized local and national governments, and caused mass human suffering in the af-fected communities; (3) it is in the national security interest of the United States to combat the spread of radical Islamist extremism and build partner countries’ capacity to combat these threats in Africa; (4) extremist movements exploit vulner-able and marginalized communities suffering from poverty, lack of economic opportunity (particularly among youth populations), and weak governance; and (5) to address critical security, political, economic, and humanitarian challenges in these regions of Africa, a coordinated, inter-agency approach is needed to appropriately allocate resources, share responsibility, de- conflict programs, and maximize the effec-tiveness of United States defense, diplo-matic, and development capabilities. SEC. 3. TRANS-SAHARA COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIP. 
(a) T RANS -SAHARA COUNTER TERRORISM  P
ARTNERSHIP .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, shall establish a partnership, to be known as the ‘‘Trans-Sahara Counterter-rorism Partnership’’ (TSCTP), to coordinate all United States programs, projects, and ac-tivities in North and West Africa that are conducted for any of the following purposes: (A) To build the capacity of foreign mili-tary and law enforcement entities in such re-gions to conduct counterterrorism oper-ations. (B) To improve the ability of foreign mili-tary and law enforcement entities in such re-gions to cooperate with the United States and other partner countries on counterter-rorism efforts. (C) To enhance the border security capac-ity of partner countries in such regions, in-cluding the ability to monitor, restrain, and interdict terrorists. (D) To strengthen the rule of law in such countries, including access to justice, and the ability of the law enforcement entities of such partner countries to detect, disrupt, re-spond to, investigate, and prosecute terrorist activity. (E) To monitor and counter the financing of terrorism. (F) To further reduce any vulnerabilities among affected populations in such regions to recruitment or incitement of terrorist ac-tivities through public diplomacy efforts, such as supporting youth employment, pro-moting meaningful participation of women, strengthening local governance and civil so-ciety capacity, and improving access to eco-nomic opportunities and education. (G) To support independent, local-language media, particularly in rural areas, to counter media operations and recruitment propa-ganda by terrorist organizations. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In coordinating pro-grams through the TSCTP, the Secretary of State shall also consult, as appropriate, with the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Attorney General, the Chief Executive Officer of the United States Agency for Global Media (for-merly known as the Broadcasting Board of Governors), and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies. (3) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 15 days before obligating amounts for an activity coordinated by the TSCTP pursu-ant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall submit a notification, in accordance with the requirements of section 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2394–1), that includes the following: (A) The foreign country and entity, as ap-plicable, whose capabilities are to be en-hanced in accordance with the purposes spec-ified in paragraph (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.044 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9496 November 13, 2018 
(B) The amount, type, and purpose of sup-port to be provided. (C) An assessment of the capacity of the foreign country or entity to absorb the as-sistance to be provided. (D) The estimated cost and anticipated im-plementation timeline for assistance. (E) As applicable, a description of the ar-rangements to sustain any equipment pro-vided by the activity beyond the completion date of such activity, if applicable, and the estimated cost and source of funds to sup-port such sustainment. (F) The amount, type, statutory authoriza-tion, and purpose of any United States secu-rity assistance provided to such foreign country during the three preceding fiscal years pursuant to authorities under title 10, United States Code, the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.), or any other ‘‘train and equip’’ authorities of the Department of Defense. (b) C
OMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY FOR  C
OUNTERTERRORISM EFFORTS .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a comprehensive, interagency strategy that— (A) states the objectives of the United States counterterrorism effort in North and West Africa with respect to the use of all forms of United States assistance to counter violent extremism; and (B) includes a plan by the Secretary of State for the manner in which programs shall be coordinated by the TSCTP pursuant to subsection (a)(1), including which agency or bureau of the Department of State, as ap-plicable, will be responsible for leading and coordinating each such program; and (C) outlines a plan to monitor and evaluate TSCTP programs and identifies the key indi-cators that will be used to measure perform-ance and progress under the strategy. (2) S
UPPORTING MATERIAL IN ANNUAL BUDG -
ET REQUEST .—The Secretary of State shall include, in the budget materials submitted in support of the budget of the President (submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) for each fiscal year beginning after the date of the en-actment of this Act, a description of the re-quirements, activities, and planned alloca-tion of amounts requested by the TSCTP. (c) M
ONITORING AND EVALUATION OF PRO-
GRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— (1) M
ONITORING AND EVALUATION .—The Sec- retary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, shall monitor and evaluate the programs coordinated by the TSCTP pursuant to subsection (a)(1) in ac-cordance with the plan outlined pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(C). (2) R
EPORT .—For the 5-year period begin-ning 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees an annual report on monitoring and evaluation efforts pursuant to paragraph (1) that describes— (A) the progress made in meeting the ob-jectives listed in the strategy required by subsection (b)(1), including any lessons learned in carrying out TSCTP programs and activities and any recommendations for im-proving such programs and activities; (B) the efforts taken to coordinate, de-con-flict and streamline TSCTP programs to maximize resource effectiveness; (C) the extent to which each partner coun-try has demonstrated the ability to absorb the equipment or training provided in the year previous under TSCTP programs, and where applicable, the ability to maintain and appropriately utilize such equipment provided; (D) the extent to which each partner coun-try is investing its own resources to advance the goals described in subsection (a)(1) or demonstrated a commitment and willingness to cooperate with the United States to ad-vance such goals; and (E) the actions taken by the government of each partner country receiving assistance through programs coordinated by the TSCTP to combat corruption, improve transparency and accountability, and promote other forms of good governance. (d) FORM.—The strategy required by sub-section (b)(1) and the report required by sub-section (c)(2) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form but may include a classified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6018, the Trans-Sahara Counterterror-ism Partnership Act. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues here, Chairman M
IKEMCCAUL and Ranking Member K
EATING , for their bipartisan leadership to advance this important measure. Mr. Speaker, as you know, Boko Haram, ISIS-West Africa, as well as ISIS in the Greater Sahara, al-Qaida affiliates, and other armed groups con-tinue to create havoc across north and west Africa. Thousands of civilians, in-cluding countless women and children, have died at the hands of these ter-rorist organizations. In response to these threats, the U.S. has deployed over 1,000 troops in the re-gion, but the many diverse and increas-ingly pressing security threats across Africa demand more than just a mili-tary presence. Realizing this, in 2005, the U.S. estab-lished the Trans-Sahara Counterterror-ism Partnership, known as the TSCTP program, to bring together the Depart-ment of State, the Department of De-fense, and the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, and they did that to coordinate and streamline U.S. and partner nations’ efforts to combat terrorism, as well as preventing the spread of violent extremism in north and west Africa. This program rightly recognizes that we must build the capacity of countries so that they can themselves detect and defeat terrorists within their own countries. This is a long-term approach that can produce high returns with rel-atively low investment. We are invest-ing in the future security of partner nations. But TSCTP is not just about security assistance. Strengthening democratic institutions of partner nations to en-sure responsive democratic governance and rule of law is also a key part of this program. Often our efforts help bring government officials around the table with local communities, includ-ing women’s groups and including civil society at large, to increase dialogue on peace and security. Having women at the table not only makes peace agreements more likely, but also makes agreements last longer. This region is home to some of the poorest countries of the world, and the humanitarian and development needs are immense. High youth unemploy-ment, food insecurity, low education, and severe lack of government services together create an environment ripe for terrorist recruitment. To improve these underlying condi-tions, USAID is supporting vulnerable populations through livelihood train-ing, through access to health re-sources, and through agricultural de-velopment. TSCTP coordinates our diplomatic, defense, and development tools to counter these terrorist threats and to help bring stability to this region. The bill we are considering today supports this program by establishing core ob-jectives in benchmarks and strength-ening congressional oversight so it con-tinues to be efficient and effective and timely. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this important measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure and I yield my-self as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking Mr. M
CCAULfor putting for-ward this important bill, which would authorize the Trans-Sahara Counter-terrorism Partnership. I want to also thank Congressman K
EATING for his hard work on this bill as well. This interagency program was estab-lished in 2005 to help America’s part-ners in the Sahel and Maghreb counter terrorism and violent extremism. In places where instability leads to terrorism and conflict, it is important that we collaborate with our allies and that our policy is driven by united interagency effort. That is why this bill is so critical. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.029 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9497 November 13, 2018 
It requires the Secretary of State to work with the Secretary of Defense and the USAID administrator to create a comprehensive strategy. By coordi-nating our diplomatic, military, and development efforts at home and with partners abroad, the Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership Act strengthens our response to the inter-national security threats facing these regions of Africa. Mr. Speaker, the Trans-Sahara Coun-terterrorism Partnership is an impor-tant program that will enhance our international security efforts in an area that demands attention. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, a senior member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the author of this leg-islation. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Chairman R
OYCE and Rank-ing Member E
LIOT ENGEL , both of them this Congress, in their leadership. We are going to miss Chairman R
OYCE as we move on to the end of this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I do rise in support of this bill, the Trans-Sahara Counterter-rorism Partnership Act. This bill will strengthen our counterterrorism oper-ations in Africa, an area where the threat of terrorism is rapidly rising. While our attention has been focused on the Middle East, terrorism in Africa has spread. Our military successes in Iraq and Syria have splintered ISIS, squeezed terrorists out of the Middle East, and sent them fleeing to Africa. The numbers, Mr. Speaker, are alarming. On the eve of 9/11, it is im-portant to point out, that al-Qaida on the eve of 9/11 only had a few hundred followers. Today, it is estimated that 10,000 ISIS and al-Qaida jihadists have established bases across the continent. Along with other existing terrorist organizations, such as Boko Haram, terrorism is taking hold in Africa and prohibiting its prosperity. My bill, which I introduced with my friend, Mr. K
EATING , authorizes, for the first time, a program called the Trans- Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership. This program works with countries such as Chad, Mali, and Nigeria to build their capacity to conduct coun-terterrorism operations and strengthen the rule of law. Furthermore, my bill requires the State Department, USAID, and the De-fense Department to work together to develop a counterterrorism strategy in Africa. By taking a multifaceted ap-proach, we may be able to prevent ter-rorism from gaining a larger foothold in these countries. Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to thank Mr. K
EATING , Chairman R OYCE , and Ranking Member E
NGEL for all of their support in this important legisla-tion. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. ROS- L
EHTINEN ), who chairs the Sub-committee on the Middle East and north Africa and is the former chair of the Africa Subcommittee as well. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their leadership, for their bipartisan spirit, for everything that they are doing to bring our Con-gress together. We need more of them around here. I thank them for bringing Mr. M
CCAUL’s bill to the floor today. I thank my esteemed Foreign Affairs Committee colleague, M
ICHAEL  M
CCAUL, for his authorship of this im-portant bill. The Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership Act codifies an important program, the program after which the bill is named, and helps build partner capacity in a critical region of the world. Thanks to Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL , I recently had the privilege of leading a delegation to one of those partner countries, Mo-rocco, where I met with the Moroccan equivalent of the FBI. On the front lines of terrorism in north Africa and the Sahel, Morocco has successfully thwarted plot after plot that was threatening U.S. interests, and is posi-tioned to play an even bigger role in our joint counterterrorism efforts. Programs like the Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership help bring law enforcement services in places like Morocco even closer to-gether, allowing us to share informa-tion about terrorist groups like ISIS, al-Qaida, Hezbollah, and helps to pro-tect our homeland. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support Mr. M
CCAUL’s im-portant bill, and I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) for yield-ing me time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I, again, want to thank Mr. M
CCAULfor his hard work on this measure and to Chairman R
OYCE for moving it forward. This bill authorizes a very important program that strengthens our efforts to assist partners in the Sahel and Maghreb to counter terrorism and vio-lent extremism. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, the Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Part-nership Act mandates an important interagency effort to combat terrorism and to prevent the spread of radical ex-tremism. It increases congressional oversight by requiring increased re-porting and regular monitoring and evaluation, frankly, of all of our pro-grams. In doing so, through programs like TSCTP and with just a relatively small amount of foreign assistance dol-lars, we are investing in the future sta-bility of these nations and their own ability to defeat terrorist attacks. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman MIKE M
CCAUL for this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6018, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to establish an inter-agency program to assist countries in North and West Africa to improve im-mediate and long-term capabilities to counter terrorist threats, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 58 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6784, MANAGE OUR WOLVES ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 19, 2018, THROUGH NOVEMBER 26, 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–1022) on the resolution (H. Res. 1142) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6784) to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from No-vember 19, 2018, through November 26, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 6064, by the yeas and nays; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.046 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9498 November 13, 2018 
Concurring in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2615, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
CONGRESSMAN LESTER WOLFF NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6064) to rename the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 385, nays 4, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 36, as follows: 
[Roll No. 416] YEAS—385 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—4 
Amash Biggs Grothman Massie 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Sanford 
NOT VOTING—36 
Barletta Blum Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Capuano Curbelo (FL) DeSaulnier Ellison Gaetz Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harper Himes Jenkins (KS) Jones Kinzinger Knight Love McSally Murphy (FL) Noem Nolan Olson Peters Poliquin Polis Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Torres Walz Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) b1857 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 7, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a let-ter received from Mr. Robert Brehm and Mr. Todd Valentine, Co-Executive Directors, New York State Board of Elections, indi-cating that, according to the preliminary re-sults of the Special Election held November 6, 2018, the Honorable Joseph D. Morelle was elected Representative to Congress for the 25th Congressional District, State of New York. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. 
NEWYORKSTATE  B
OARD OF ELECTIONS , Albany, NY, November 7, 2018. Hon. K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington DC. D
EARMS. HAAS: This is to advise you that the unofficial results of the Special Election held on Tuesday, November 6, 2018 for Rep-resentative in Congress from the Twenty- fifth Congressional District of New York show that Joseph D. Morelle received 145,168 votes, Jim Maxwell received 103,510 votes, and there were 145 write-in votes of the 248,823 total votes cast for that office on Election Day. It would appear from these unofficial re-sults that Joseph D. Morelle was elected as Representative in Congress from the Twen-ty-fifth Congressional District of New York. Please see also attached notice of unofficial results from the Monroe County Board of Elections. New York Congressional District Twenty-five is wholly contained within that county. To the best of our knowledge and belief at this time, there is no contest to this elec-tion. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by the Monroe County Board of Elections and the New York State Board of Canvassers, an official Certification of Elec-tion will be prepared for transmittal as re-quired by law. Sincerely, R
OBERT A. B REHM , Co-Executive Director. T
ODDD. V ALENTINE , Co-Executive Director. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.049 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9499 November 13, 2018 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 9, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a scanned copy of a letter received from the Honorable Mary Fallin, Governor of Oklahoma, indicating that the Honorable Kevin Hern of the First Congres-sional District, is elected to fill the vacancy in the 115th Congress created by the resigna-tion of the Honorable Jim Bridenstine on April 23, 2018. This certification has been submitted under the laws of Oklahoma as stated in the accompanying documents. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. 
NOVEMBER 8, 2018. Hon. K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMS. HAAS: The provisions of 26 O.S. 12–101(B) (Oklahoma Statutes) require the election held November 6, 2018, for the seat to which Kevin Hern was elected, to be treat-ed as election, within the meaning of Okla-homa law, to fill the unexpired term of Jim Bridenstine who resigned on Monday, April 23, 2018. Accordingly, pursuant to that stat-ute, my appointment, as Governor of the State of Oklahoma, is the ministerial act in-cident to that election. Sincerely, M
ARYFALLIN , Governor. 
ORDER OF APPOINTMENT  T
OSECRETARY OF STATE , OKLAHOMA STATE  C
APITAL , OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA  Please file for record the following execu-tive order. By virtue of the authority vested in me as Governor of the State of Oklahoma, I hereby appoint: Kevin Hern as United States Representative, District 1 for the un-expired term of Jim Bridenstine who re-signed on Monday, April 23, 2018 and, whose term expired on January 3, 2019 as provided by 26 O.S., Section 12–101(B) Signed this 8th day of November, 2018 By the Governor of the State of Oklahoma M
ARYFALLIN , Attest: J
AMES A. W ILLIAMSON , Secretary of State. [State Seal Affixed] f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 13, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a scanned copy of a letter received from Mr. Jonathan Marks, Commis-sioner, Bureau Commissions, Election and Legislation, Department of State, Common-wealth of Pennsylvania, indicating that, ac-cording to the preliminary results of the Special Election held November 6, 2018, the Honorable Mary Gay Scanlon was elected Representative to Congress for the Seventh Congressional District, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA , B
UREAU COMMISSIONS , ELECTIONS AND  L
EGISLATION , Harrisburg, PA, November 9, 2018. Hon. K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMS. HAAS: This is to advise you that the unofficial results of the Special Election held on Tuesday, November 6, 2018, for Rep-resentative in Congress for the 7th Congres-sional District of Pennsylvania, show that Mary Gay Scanlon received 167,680 votes or 52.02% of the total number of votes cast for that office. It would appear from these unofficial re-sults that Mary Gay Scanlon was elected as Representative in Congress from the 7th Congress District of Pennsylvania. To the best of our knowledge and belief at this time, there is no contest to this elec-tion. Furthermore, the possibility of a re-count is unlikely because the provisional ballots and military and overseas absentee ballots that are yet to be counted are not in great enough number to potentially alter the outcome of this election. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by all counties involved, an of-ficial Certificate of Election will be prepared for transmittal as required by law. Sincerely, J
ONATHAN MARKS , Commissioner. f 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE JOSEPH D. MORELLE, OF NEW YORK, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that the gentleman from New York, the Honorable Joseph D. Morelle, be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not ar-rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. 
f 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE KEVIN HERN, OF OKLAHOMA, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that the gentleman from Oklahoma, the Honorable Kevin Hern, be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not ar-rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. 
f 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE MARY GAY SCANLON, OF PENN-SYLVANIA, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania, the Honorable Mary Gay Scanlon, be permitted to take the oath of office today. Her certificate of election has not ar-rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to her election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. f 
SWEARING IN OF MEMBERS-ELECT The SPEAKER. Will the Representa-tives-elect please present themselves in the well. Mr. MORELLE of New York, Mr. HERN of Oklahoma, and Ms. SCANLON of Pennsylvania appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations. You are now Members of the 115th Congress. 
f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE JO-SEPH D. MORELLE TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, as co-dean of the New York delegation, along with my colleague Congresswoman L
OWEY , the New York delegation is pleased to welcome our newest colleague, Joe Morelle, representing New York’s 25th District in upstate New York. Joe has been elected to the seat of our beloved and departed colleague Louise Slaughter. Joe hails from Irondequoit and, like myself, served in the New York State Assembly. He was elected to that body in 1990 and became majority leader in 2013. He graduated from SUNY Geneseo with a bachelor’s degree in political science and began his political career at age 28 as a Monroe County legis-lator. Congressman Morelle and his wife, Mary Beth, are well known and well loved, and we are so happy to have Joe Morelle as one of our colleagues. Congratulations, Joe. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Morelle). Mr. MORELLE. I thank the Speaker and his staff for the courtesies they have extended to me. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, first of all, my wife, Mary Beth; my entire family; and many dear friends who have traveled to be with us today and those at home watching for their un-wavering love and support. I would also like to thank my long-time friend, Congressman E
LIOT ENGEL , for that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.035 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9500 November 13, 2018 
kind introduction and the warm wel-come all my colleagues in the New York delegation have extended to me. I am humbled to take the oath of of-fice. It is truly the honor of a lifetime to serve New York’s 25th District as a Member of the House of Representa-tives. Indeed, I have very big shoes to fill. Congresswoman Slaughter was truly a remarkable individual who shattered ceilings and blazed trails. More than that, she was a dear friend to me for over 30 years, and I will be forever grateful for her guidance, devotion, and friendship. It is a special privilege to be able to carry on her vital and impor-tant work. I look forward to the days ahead and our work together to support our neighbors in need, to advance society for future generations, and to build a stronger, more vibrant America. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE KEVIN HERN TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, my col-leagues, it is a tremendous pleasure today to introduce our newest col-league from Tulsa, Oklahoma, the great First District of Oklahoma. Having been a special election baby myself a long time ago, the pressure, the significance of our colleagues when they stand before you in the unique way that they are sworn in is tremen-dous. So the advice that I have given Congressman H
ERNI will try and prac-tice myself: brevity. Born on an Air Force base, worked all of his life, earned a degree in engi-neering and an MBA degree. The thing I love the most, perhaps, is a hog farm-er at one point in his career and a very successful restaurateur. K
EVIN is an individual who is a re-flection of the great First District of Tulsa. He is a reflection, I think, of what we need and want in a Member of this United States House of Represent-atives. With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield to our newest colleague from Oklahoma (Mr. H
ERN). Mr. HERN. Mr. Speaker, Members of this esteemed body, it is my honor to represent the citizens of Oklahoma’s First Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, I want to first thank my wife, Tammy, of 25 years. I would not be here today without her. My old-est son, Kelby, is here with his wife, Dana; and my youngest son, Kaden, is here. I also want to thank my colleagues from Oklahoma who have gone above and beyond in welcoming me to this body: Congressman L
UCAS , Congress-man C
OLE, Congressman R USSELL , and Congressman M
ULLIN . I cannot thank them enough. The most recent advice they gave me was to keep this very brief, so brief I will be. I have lived the American Dream, growing up without running water to now serving my great country and fel-low Oklahomans in Congress. Now, we as a body need to work to-gether to make sure that that dream can be achieved by so many genera-tions to come. Let’s get to work. f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE MARY GAY SCANLON TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I would invite all of my Pennsylvania colleagues to come up and join me if you would like. Mr. Speaker, as the dean of Penn-sylvania’s congressional delegation, it is my great pleasure to welcome our newest colleague. For the last 35 years, M
ARY GAY S
CANLON has been a public interest lawyer, working for voting rights, equi-table education funding, immigration, and criminal justice reform. She is an advocate for low-income families, chil-dren, women, veterans, and seniors. She and I worked together on secur-ing asylum in this country for the internationally recognized Sudanese human rights activist Hawa Saleh, who was imprisoned and tortured by the Su-danese Government for speaking out against it. And I am pleased to note that Hawa is here in the House gallery today. M
ARY GAY’s career reflects her deep commitment to aiding and giving back to her community. She has worked tirelessly to help those in need in Pennsylvania, and she now plans to continue that work at the national level here in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to welcome such a dedicated individual to this body. I know we all look forward to working with her and our colleagues in the Pennsylvania delegation to serve the Commonwealth and this great Na-tion. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), the senior Republican member of the delegation, for some remarks also. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, obviously, on behalf of our entire delegation, Republicans and Democrats both, we welcome our new colleague to this Chamber and look forward to serving with her. We are pleased to have her here. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-tlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. S
CANLON ). Ms. SCANLON. Mr. Speaker, Mem-bers of the 115th Congress, I am hon-ored to have this opportunity to serve our country. Mr. Speaker, I chose tonight to be sworn in on our Constitution, a docu-ment that begins with our uniquely American creed, ‘‘We the people,’’ a charge and a challenge to faithfully represent the people of my district and the entire country, a charge I promise to honor every day with all of my might. I am particularly honored to serve as the advance guard not just for Mad-eleine Dean, Chrissy Houlahan, and Susan Wild, who will soon join me and our brethren in the Pennsylvania dele-gation, but also as an advance guard for the army of new Members who will join us for the 116th Congress, a Con-gress that may look substantially dif-ferent than the one we see today. I am eager to continue doing the work that we, the people, entrust to the equal branches of this government: To ensure that fairness, civility, and opportunity are available to all and to right the wrongs that hold far too many back; To make sure that the people get a fair shake, whether in their jobs, in our classrooms, in the courts, or in the vot-ing booth; To treat others with civility, particu-larly here in our Nation’s capital, as we work in service to the people of this great country; To ensure opportunity and safeguard the world we pass on to the next gen-eration. I promise to continue fighting for the underserved, for children and families, for seniors and veterans—to bend the arc of justice for those in need; for stu-dents like those on my mock trial team from Constitution High School in Philadelphia, who are the next genera-tion of civic leaders; for veterans like Bob in Media or Pixie in Philadelphia, who want assurance that their benefits will not be treated as simply a line item in our budgets; for families like Malcolm’s in Chester, whose lives have been forever changed by gun violence; and for my friend Hawa Salah, a human rights activist from Darfur who was forced to flee her homeland after her advocacy for oppressed people led to her kidnapping and torture by her own government. I am eager to continue this work right here with all of you. Finally, I am grateful to the voters, to my friends and family, and particu-larly my husband, Mark, for believing in me, and I hope that I make him proud. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath to the gentleman from New York, the gentleman from Okla-homa, and the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania, the whole number of the House is 431. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.055 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9501 November 13, 2018 
GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEA-SHORE LAND EXCHANGE ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and concur in the Sen-ate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2615) to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 375, nays 1, not voting 54, as follows: 
[Roll No. 417] YEAS—375 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buck Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—54 
Barletta Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Capuano Cicilline Cohen Comstock Connolly Costello (PA) Cramer Curbelo (FL) DeFazio DeSaulnier Ellison Gaetz Goodlatte Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Higgins (NY) Huizenga Issa Jenkins (KS) Jones Kinzinger Knight Larsen (WA) Lieu, Ted Love Maloney, Sean Matsui McSally Noem Nolan O’Halleran Olson Peters Pittenger Poliquin Polis Ratcliffe Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ryan (OH) Smith (TX) Speier Walz Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) 
b1924 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I regret that I was unable to vote on Tuesday, November 13, 2018, as I was attending an event recog-nizing the importance of cancer research and honoring cancer survivors. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 416, H.R. 6064 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 417, H.R. 2615. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY AND INFRA-STRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3359) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). The Clerk will report the Sen-ate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE XXII—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ‘‘Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security 
‘‘SEC. 2201. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘critical infrastructure informa-tion’ has the meaning given the term in section 2222. ‘‘(2) C
YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cyberse-curity risk’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. ‘‘(3) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .—The term ‘cy-bersecurity threat’ has the meaning given the term in section 102(5) of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114– 113; 6 U.S.C. 1501)). ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL CYBERSECURITY ASSET RE -
SPONSE ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘national cyberse-curity asset response activities’ means— ‘‘(A) furnishing cybersecurity technical assist-ance to entities affected by cybersecurity risks to protect assets, mitigate vulnerabilities, and re-duce impacts of cyber incidents; ‘‘(B) identifying other entities that may be at risk of an incident and assessing risk to the same or similar vulnerabilities; ‘‘(C) assessing potential cybersecurity risks to a sector or region, including potential cascading effects, and developing courses of action to miti-gate such risks; ‘‘(D) facilitating information sharing and operational coordination with threat response; and ‘‘(E) providing guidance on how best to utilize Federal resources and capabilities in a timely, effective manner to speed recovery from cyberse-curity risks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.057 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9502 November 13, 2018 
‘‘(5) S ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY .—The term ‘Sec-tor-Specific Agency’ means a Federal depart-ment or agency, designated by law or presi-dential directive, with responsibility for pro-viding institutional knowledge and specialized expertise of a sector, as well as leading, facili-tating, or supporting programs and associated activities of its designated critical infrastructure sector in the all hazards environment in coordi-nation with the Department. ‘‘(6) S
HARING .—The term ‘sharing’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. 
‘‘SEC. 2202. CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-TURE SECURITY AGENCY. 
‘‘(a) R EDESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department shall, on and after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, be known as the ‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’ (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Agency’). ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the Na-tional Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agen-cy of the Department. ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Agency shall be head-ed by a Director of Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Director’), who shall report to the Sec-retary. ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to an Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical in-frastructure protection, cybersecurity, and any other related program of the Department as de-scribed in section 103(a)(1)(H) as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subtitle in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Director of Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security of the Department. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director shall— ‘‘(1) lead cybersecurity and critical infrastruc-ture security programs, operations, and associ-ated policy for the Agency, including national cybersecurity asset response activities; ‘‘(2) coordinate with Federal entities, includ-ing Sector-Specific Agencies, and non-Federal entities, including international entities, to carry out the cybersecurity and critical infra-structure activities of the Agency, as appro-priate; ‘‘(3) carry out the responsibilities of the Sec-retary to secure Federal information and infor-mation systems consistent with law, including subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113)); ‘‘(4) coordinate a national effort to secure and protect against critical infrastructure risks, con-sistent with subsection (e)(1)(E); ‘‘(5) upon request, provide analyses, expertise, and other technical assistance to critical infra-structure owners and operators and, where ap-propriate, provide those analyses, expertise, and other technical assistance in coordination with Sector-Specific Agencies and other Federal de-partments and agencies; ‘‘(6) develop and utilize mechanisms for active and frequent collaboration between the Agency and Sector-Specific Agencies to ensure appro-priate coordination, situational awareness, and communications with Sector-Specific Agencies; ‘‘(7) maintain and utilize mechanisms for the regular and ongoing consultation and collabora-tion among the Divisions of the Agency to fur-ther operational coordination, integrated situa-tional awareness, and improved integration across the Agency in accordance with this Act; ‘‘(8) develop, coordinate, and implement— ‘‘(A) comprehensive strategic plans for the ac-tivities of the Agency; and ‘‘(B) risk assessments by and for the Agency; ‘‘(9) carry out emergency communications re-sponsibilities, in accordance with title XVIII; ‘‘(10) carry out cybersecurity, infrastructure security, and emergency communications stake-holder outreach and engagement and coordinate that outreach and engagement with critical in-frastructure Sector-Specific Agencies, as appro-priate; and ‘‘(11) carry out such other duties and powers prescribed by law or delegated by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) DEPUTY DIRECTOR .—There shall be in the Agency a Deputy Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security who shall— ‘‘(1) assist the Director in the management of the Agency; and ‘‘(2) report to the Director. ‘‘(e) C
YBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SE-
CURITY AUTHORITIES OF THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The responsibilities of the Secretary relating to cybersecurity and infra-structure security shall include the following: ‘‘(A) To access, receive, and analyze law en-forcement information, intelligence information, and other information from Federal Government agencies, State, local, tribal, and territorial gov-ernment agencies, including law enforcement agencies, and private sector entities, and to in-tegrate that information, in support of the mis-sion responsibilities of the Department, in order to— ‘‘(i) identify and assess the nature and scope of terrorist threats to the homeland; ‘‘(ii) detect and identify threats of terrorism against the United States; and ‘‘(iii) understand those threats in light of ac-tual and potential vulnerabilities of the home-land. ‘‘(B) To carry out comprehensive assessments of the vulnerabilities of the key resources and critical infrastructure of the United States, in-cluding the performance of risk assessments to determine the risks posed by particular types of terrorist attacks within the United States, in-cluding an assessment of the probability of suc-cess of those attacks and the feasibility and po-tential efficacy of various countermeasures to those attacks. At the discretion of the Secretary, such assessments may be carried out in coordi-nation with Sector-Specific Agencies. ‘‘(C) To integrate relevant information, anal-ysis, and vulnerability assessments, regardless of whether the information, analysis, or assess-ments are provided or produced by the Depart-ment, in order to make recommendations, in-cluding prioritization, for protective and sup-port measures by the Department, other Federal Government agencies, State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and authorities, the private sector, and other entities regarding terrorist and other threats to homeland security. ‘‘(D) To ensure, pursuant to section 202, the timely and efficient access by the Department to all information necessary to discharge the re-sponsibilities under this title, including obtain-ing that information from other Federal Govern-ment agencies. ‘‘(E) To develop, in coordination with the Sec-tor-Specific Agencies with available expertise, a comprehensive national plan for securing the key resources and critical infrastructure of the United States, including power production, gen-eration, and distribution systems, information technology and telecommunications systems (in-cluding satellites), electronic financial and property record storage and transmission sys-tems, emergency communications systems, and the physical and technological assets that sup-port those systems. ‘‘(F) To recommend measures necessary to protect the key resources and critical infrastruc-ture of the United States in coordination with other Federal Government agencies, including Sector-Specific Agencies, and in cooperation with State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ment agencies and authorities, the private sec-tor, and other entities. ‘‘(G) To review, analyze, and make rec-ommendations for improvements to the policies and procedures governing the sharing of infor-mation relating to homeland security within the Federal Government and between Federal Gov-ernment agencies and State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and authorities. ‘‘(H) To disseminate, as appropriate, informa-tion analyzed by the Department within the De-partment to other Federal Government agencies with responsibilities relating to homeland secu-rity and to State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and private sector entities with those responsibilities in order to assist in the deterrence, prevention, or preemption of, or response to, terrorist attacks against the United States. ‘‘(I) To consult with State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and private sec-tor entities to ensure appropriate exchanges of information, including law enforcement-related information, relating to threats of terrorism against the United States. ‘‘(J) To ensure that any material received pur-suant to this Act is protected from unauthorized disclosure and handled and used only for the performance of official duties. ‘‘(K) To request additional information from other Federal Government agencies, State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies, and the private sector relating to threats of terrorism in the United States, or relating to other areas of responsibility assigned by the Secretary, in-cluding the entry into cooperative agreements through the Secretary to obtain such informa-tion. ‘‘(L) To establish and utilize, in conjunction with the Chief Information Officer of the De-partment, a secure communications and infor-mation technology infrastructure, including data-mining and other advanced analytical tools, in order to access, receive, and analyze data and information in furtherance of the re-sponsibilities under this section, and to dissemi-nate information acquired and analyzed by the Department, as appropriate. ‘‘(M) To coordinate training and other sup-port to the elements and personnel of the De-partment, other Federal Government agencies, and State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ment agencies that provide information to the Department, or are consumers of information provided by the Department, in order to facili-tate the identification and sharing of informa-tion revealed in their ordinary duties and the optimal utilization of information received from the Department. ‘‘(N) To coordinate with Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement agencies, and the private sector, as appropriate. ‘‘(O) To exercise the authorities and oversight of the functions, personnel, assets, and liabil-ities of those components transferred to the De-partment pursuant to section 201(g). ‘‘(P) To carry out the functions of the na-tional cybersecurity and communications inte-gration center under section 2209. ‘‘(Q) To carry out the requirements of the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program established under title XXI and the se-cure handling of ammonium nitrate program es-tablished under subtitle J of title VIII, or any successor programs. ‘‘(2) R
EALLOCATION .—The Secretary may re-allocate within the Agency the functions speci-fied in sections 2203(b) and 2204(b), consistent with the responsibilities provided in paragraph (1), upon certifying to and briefing the appro-priate congressional committees, and making available to the public, at least 60 days prior to the reallocation that the reallocation is nec-essary for carrying out the activities of the Agency. ‘‘(3) S
TAFF.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide the Agency with a staff of analysts having appropriate expertise and experience to assist the Agency in discharging the responsibilities of the Agency under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.028 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9503 November 13, 2018 
‘‘(B) P RIVATE SECTOR ANALYSTS .—Analysts under this subsection may include analysts from the private sector. ‘‘(C) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—Analysts under this subsection shall possess security clearances appropriate for their work under this section. ‘‘(4) D
ETAIL OF PERSONNEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to assist the Agen-cy in discharging the responsibilities of the Agency under this section, personnel of the Fed-eral agencies described in subparagraph (B) may be detailed to the Agency for the perform-ance of analytic functions and related duties. ‘‘(B) A
GENCIES .—The Federal agencies de-scribed in this subparagraph are— ‘‘(i) the Department of State; ‘‘(ii) the Central Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(iii) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; ‘‘(iv) the National Security Agency; ‘‘(v) the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(vi) the Defense Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(vii) Sector-Specific Agencies; and ‘‘(viii) any other agency of the Federal Gov-ernment that the President considers appro-priate. ‘‘(C) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary and the head of a Federal agency de-scribed in subparagraph (B) may enter into agreements for the purpose of detailing per-sonnel under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) B
ASIS.—The detail of personnel under this paragraph may be on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis. ‘‘(f) C
OMPOSITION .—The Agency shall be com-posed of the following divisions: ‘‘(1) The Cybersecurity Division, headed by an Assistant Director. ‘‘(2) The Infrastructure Security Division, headed by an Assistant Director. ‘‘(3) The Emergency Communications Division under title XVIII, headed by an Assistant Direc-tor. ‘‘(g) C
O-LOCATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Director shall examine the es-tablishment of central locations in geographical regions with a significant Agency presence. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—When establishing the central locations described in paragraph (1), the Director shall coordinate with component heads and the Under Secretary for Management to co- locate or partner on any new real property leases, renewing any occupancy agreements for existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Federal space or new construction. ‘‘(h) P
RIVACY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be a Privacy Officer of the Agency with primary responsi-bility for privacy policy and compliance for the Agency. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Privacy Officer of the Agency shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) assuring that the use of technologies by the Agency sustain, and do not erode, privacy protections relating to the use, collection, and disclosure of personal information; ‘‘(B) assuring that personal information con-tained in systems of records of the Agency is handled in full compliance as specified in sec-tion 552a of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’); ‘‘(C) evaluating legislative and regulatory proposals involving collection, use, and disclo-sure of personal information by the Agency; and ‘‘(D) conducting a privacy impact assessment of proposed rules of the Agency on the privacy of personal information, including the type of personal information collected and the number of people affected. ‘‘(i) S
AVINGS .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting in any manner the au-thority, existing on the day before the date of enactment of this title, of any other component of the Department or any other Federal depart-ment or agency, including the authority pro-vided to the Sector-Specific Agency specified in section 61003(c) of division F of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (6 U.S.C. 121 note; Public Law 114–94). ‘‘SEC. 2203. CYBERSECURITY DIVISION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Agency a Cybersecurity Division. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The Cybersecurity Division shall be headed by an Assistant Direc-tor for Cybersecurity (in this section referred to as the ‘Assistant Director’), who shall— ‘‘(A) be at the level of Assistant Secretary within the Department; ‘‘(B) be appointed by the President without the advice and consent of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) report to the Director. ‘‘(3) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to the Assist-ant Secretary for Cybersecurity and Commu-nications in any law, regulation, map, docu-ment, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assist-ant Director for Cybersecurity. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Assistant Director shall— ‘‘(1) direct the cybersecurity efforts of the Agency; ‘‘(2) carry out activities, at the direction of the Director, related to the security of Federal information and Federal information systems consistent with law, including subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in divi-sion N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113)); ‘‘(3) fully participate in the mechanisms re-quired under section 2202(c)(7); and ‘‘(4) carry out such other duties and powers as prescribed by the Director. 
‘‘SEC. 2204. INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY DIVI-SION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Agency an Infrastructure Security Division. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The Infrastructure Security Division shall be headed by an Assist-ant Director for Infrastructure Security (in this section referred to as the ‘Assistant Director’), who shall— ‘‘(A) be at the level of Assistant Secretary within the Department; ‘‘(B) be appointed by the President without the advice and consent of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) report to the Director. ‘‘(3) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to the Assist-ant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Director for Infrastructure Security. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Assistant Director shall— ‘‘(1) direct the critical infrastructure security efforts of the Agency; ‘‘(2) carry out, at the direction of the Director, the Chemical Facilities Anti-Terrorism Stand-ards Program established under title XXI and the secure handling of ammonium nitrate pro-gram established under subtitle J of title VIII, or any successor programs; ‘‘(3) fully participate in the mechanisms re-quired under section 2202(c)(7); and ‘‘(4) carry out such other duties and powers as prescribed by the Director.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN POSITIONS .— (1) U
NDER SECRETARY .—The individual serv-ing as the Under Secretary appointed pursuant to section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Director of Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security of the Department on and after such date. (2) D
IRECTOR FOR EMERGENCY COMMUNICA -
TIONS .—The individual serving as the Director for Emergency Communications of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Director for Emergency Communications of the Department on and after such date. (3) ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR CYBERSECURITY  
AND COMMUNICATIONS .—The individual serving as the Assistant Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications on the day before the date of enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Director for Cybersecurity on and after such date. (4) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROTECTION .—The individual serving as the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Pro-tection on the day before the date of enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assist-ant Director for Infrastructure Security on and after such date. (c) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to— (1) the Office of Emergency Communications in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Emergency Com-munications Division; and (2) the Director for Emergency Communica-tions in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Di-rector for Emergency Communications. (d) O
VERSIGHT .—The Director of Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security shall provide to Congress, in accordance with the deadlines specified in paragraphs (1) through (6), informa-tion on the following: (1) Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, a briefing on the activities of the Agency relating to the development and use of the mechanisms required pursuant to sec-tion 2202(c)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a)). (2) Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, a briefing on the activi-ties of the Agency relating to the use and im-provement by the Agency of the mechanisms re-quired pursuant to section 2202(c)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and how such activities have impacted coordination, situa-tional awareness, and communications with Sector-Specific Agencies. (3) Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, information on the mech-anisms of the Agency for regular and ongoing consultation and collaboration, as required pur-suant to section 2202(c)(7) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a)). (4) Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, information on the activi-ties of the consultation and collaboration mech-anisms of the Agency as required pursuant to section 2202(c)(7) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, and how such mechanisms have im-pacted operational coordination, situational awareness, and integration across the Agency. (5) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, information, which shall be made publicly available and updated as ap-propriate, on the mechanisms and structures of the Agency responsible for stakeholder outreach and engagement, as required under section 2202(c)(10) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a)). (e) C
YBER WORKFORCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall sub-mit to Congress a report detailing how the Agen-cy is meeting legislative requirements under the Cybersecurity Workforce Assessment Act (Public Law 113–246; 128 Stat. 2880) and the Homeland Security Cybersecurity Workforce Assessment Act (enacted as section 4 of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014; Public Law 113– 277) to address cyber workforce needs. (f) F
ACILITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.028 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9504 November 13, 2018 
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security shall report to Congress on the most efficient and effective methods of consolidating Agency facilities, personnel, and programs to most effec-tively carry out the Agency’s mission. (g) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS  
TO THE HOMELAND SECURITY ACT OF 2002.—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) by amending section 103(a)(1)(H) (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) to read as follows: ‘‘(H) A Director of the Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security Agency.’’; (2) in title II (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.)— (A) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ AND IN- FRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION’’; (B) in the subtitle A heading, by striking ‘‘and Infrastructure Protection’’; (C) in section 201 (6 U.S.C. 121)— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND IN -
FRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDINFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and an Office of Infrastruc-ture Protection’’; (iii) in subsection (b)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
AND ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROTECTION ’’; and (II) by striking paragraph (3); (iv) in subsection (c)— (I) by striking ‘‘and infrastructure protec-tion’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘or the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection, as appropriate’’; (v) in subsection (d)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDINFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (II) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and infrastructure protection’’; (III) by striking paragraphs (5), (6), and (25); (IV) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (24) as paragraphs (5) through (22), respectively; (V) by redesignating paragraph (26) as para-graph (23); and (VI) in paragraph (23)(B)(i), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘section 319’’ and inserting ‘‘section 320’’; (vi) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; and (vii) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; (D) in section 202 (6 U.S.C. 122)— (i) in subsection (c), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Director of Central Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Na-tional Intelligence’’; and (ii) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘Director of Central Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of National Intelligence’’; (E) in section 204 (6 U.S.C. 124a)— (i) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Assistant Sec-retary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency’’; and (ii) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and in-serting ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security Agency’’; (F) in section 210A(c)(2)(B) (6 U.S.C. 124h(c)(2)(B)), by striking ‘‘Office of Infrastruc-ture Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (G) by redesignating section 210E (6 U.S.C. 124l) as section 2214 and transferring such sec-tion to appear after section 2213 (as redesig-nated by subparagraph (I)); (H) in subtitle B, by redesignating sections 211 through 215 (6 U.S.C. 101 note, and 131 through 134) as sections 2221 through 2225, respectively, and transferring such subtitle, including the enumerator and heading of subtitle B and such sections, to appear after section 2214 (as redesig-nated by subparagraph (G)); (I) by redesignating sections 223 through 230 (6 U.S.C. 143 through 151) as sections 2205 through 2213, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 2204, as added by this Act; (J) by redesignating section 210F as section 210E; and (K) by redesignating subtitles C and D as sub-titles B and C, respectively; (3) in title III (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.)— (A) in section 302 (6 U.S.C. 182)— (i) by striking ‘‘biological,,’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘biological,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and in-serting ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security Agency’’; (B) by redesignating the second section 319 (6 U.S.C. 195f) (relating to EMP and GMD mitiga-tion research and development) as section 320; and (C) in section 320(c)(1), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Section 214’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 2224’’; (4) in title V (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.)— (A) in section 508(d)(2)(D) (6 U.S.C. 318(d)(2)(D)), by striking ‘‘The Director of the Office of Emergency Communications of the De-partment of Homeland Security’’ and inserting ‘‘The Assistant Director for Emergency Commu-nications’’; (B) in section 514 (6 U.S.C. 321c)— (i) by striking subsection (b); and (ii) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b); and (C) in section 523 (6 U.S.C. 321l)— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; and (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and in-serting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security’’; (5) in title VIII (6 U.S.C. 361 et seq.)— (A) in section 884(d)(4)(A)(ii) (6 U.S.C. 464(d)(4)(A)(ii)), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical infrastructure protection, cybersecurity, and other related pro-grams of the Department’’ and inserting ‘‘Direc-tor of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-rity’’; and (B) in section 899B(a) (6 U.S.C. 488a(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such regula-tions shall be carried out by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.’’; (6) in title XVIII (6 U.S.C. 571 et seq.)— (A) in section 1801 (6 U.S.C. 571)— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
OFFICE  
OF EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘
EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION ’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Commu-nications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Commu-nications Division’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Division shall be located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.’’; (iii) by amending subsection (b) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The head of the Division shall be the Assistant Director for Emergency Communications. The Assistant Di-rector shall report to the Director of Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security. All decisions of the Assistant Director that entail the exercise of significant authority shall be subject to the ap-proval of the Director of Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security.’’; (iv) in subsection (c)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assistant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; (II) in paragraph (14), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in paragraph (15), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by inserting after paragraph (15) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(16) fully participate in the mechanisms re-quired under section 2202(c)(7).’’; (v) in subsection (d), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assistant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; and (vi) in subsection (e), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assistant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; (B) in sections 1802 through 1805 (6 U.S.C. 572 through 575), by striking ‘‘Director for Emer-gency Communications’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; (C) in section 1809 (6 U.S.C. 579)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director of Emergency Com-munications’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Com-munications’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Commu-nications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Commu-nications Division’’; (iii) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘the Di-rector’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Director’’; and (iv) in subsection (m)(1)— (I) by striking ‘‘The Director’’ and inserting ‘‘The Assistant Director’’; (II) by striking ‘‘the Director determines’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Director determines’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Com-munications’’ and inserting ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (D) in section 1810 (6 U.S.C. 580)— (i) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Emergency Communications (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Director’)’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications (referred to in this section as the ‘Assistant Director’)’’; (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Direc-tor’’; (7) in title XX (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.)— (A) in paragraph (4)(A)(iii)(II) of section 2001 (6 U.S.C. 601), by striking ‘‘section 210E(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2214(a)(2)’’; (B) in section 2008(a)(3) (6 U.S.C. 609(a)(3)), by striking ‘‘section 210E(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2214(a)(2)’’; and (C) in section 2021 (6 U.S.C. 611)— (i) by striking subsection (c); and (ii) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c); (8) in title XXI (6 U.S.C. 621 et seq.)— (A) in section 2102(a)(1) (6 U.S.C. 622(a)(1)), by inserting ‘‘, which shall be located in the Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agen-cy’’ before the period at the end; and (B) in section 2104(c)(2) (6 U.S.C. 624(c)(2)), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary responsible for over-seeing critical infrastructure protection, cyberse-curity, and other related programs of the De-partment appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; and (9) in title XXII, as added by this Act— (A) in subtitle A— (i) in section 2205, as so redesignated— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 201’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2202’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-rity’’; and (II) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in section 2206, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.028 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9505 November 13, 2018 
(iii) in section 2209, as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Director’’; (II) in subsection (a)(4), by striking ‘‘section 212(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2222(5)’’; (III) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Center shall be located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. The head of the Center shall report to the Assistant Director for Cybersecurity.’’; and (IV) in subsection (c)(11), by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; (iv) in section 2210, as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) in subsection (c)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-rity’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘section 212(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2222(5)’’; (v) in section 2211(b)(2)(A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2209’’; (vi) in section 2212, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 212(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2222(5)’’; (vii) in section 2213(a), as so redesignated— (I) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 228’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2210’’; and (II) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (viii) in section 2214, as so redesignated— (I) by striking subsection (e); and (II) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e); and (B) in subtitle B— (i) in section 2222(8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) in section 2224(h), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 213’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2223’’; (h) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS  
TOOTHER LAWS.— (1) C
YBERSECURITY ACT OF 2015 .—The Cyberse-curity Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 202(2) (6 U.S.C. 131 note)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, as so redesignated by section 223(a)(3) of this division’’; (B) in section 207(2) (Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2962)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, as redesignated by section 223(a) of this division,’’; (C) in section 208 (Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2962), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary ap-pointed under section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H))’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security of the De-partment’’; (D) in section 222 (6 U.S.C. 1521)— (i) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 228’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2210’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(4) of this division’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as so redesignated by sec-tion 223(a)(3) of this division’’; (E) in section 223(b) (6 U.S.C. 151 note)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 230(b)(1) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by sub-section (a)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘section 2213(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’; and (ii) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘section 230(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2213(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’; (F) in section 226 (6 U.S.C. 1524)— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 230’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2213’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division’’; (II) in paragraph (4)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 228(b)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2210(b)(1)’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(4) of this division’’; and (III) in paragraph (5)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 230(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2213(b)’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(1)(A)(vi)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 230(c)(5)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2213(c)(5)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division’’; (G) in section 227 (6 U.S.C. 1525)— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 230’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2213’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 230(d)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2213(d)(2)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division,’’; and (H) in section 404 (6 U.S.C. 1532)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Com-munications’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; and (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as redesignated by section 223(a)(3) of this division,’’. (2) SMALL BUSINESS ACT .—Section 21(a)(8)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(8)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 227(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’. (3) T
ITLE 5 .—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 5314, by inserting after ‘‘Under Secretaries, Department of Homeland Security.’’ the following: ‘‘Director, Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.’’; and (B) in section 5315, by inserting after ‘‘Assist-ant Secretaries, Department of Homeland Secu-rity.’’ the following: ‘‘Assistant Director for Cybersecurity, Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agency. ‘‘Assistant Director for Infrastructure Secu-rity, Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.’’. (i) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to title II and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE II—INFORMATION ANALYSIS’’; (2) by striking the item relating to subtitle A of title II and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle A—Information and Analysis; Access to Information’’; (3) by striking the item relating to section 201 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 201. Information and analysis.’’; (4) by striking the items relating to sections 210E and 210F and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 210E. Classified Information Advisory Of-ficer.’’; (5) by striking the items relating to subtitle B of title II and sections 211 through 215; (6) by striking the items relating to section 223 through section 230; (7) by striking the item relating to subtitle C and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle B—Information Security’’; (8) by striking the item relating to subtitle D and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Office of Science and Technology’’; (9) by striking the items relating to sections 317, 319, 318, and 319 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 317. Promoting antiterrorism through international cooperation pro-gram. ‘‘Sec. 318. Social media working group. ‘‘Sec. 319. Transparency in research and devel-opment. ‘‘Sec. 320. EMP and GMD mitigation research and development.’’; (10) by striking the item relating to section 1801 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 1801. Emergency Communications Divi-sion.’’; and (11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE XXII—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ‘‘Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security ‘‘Sec. 2201. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2202. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. ‘‘Sec. 2203. Cybersecurity Division. ‘‘Sec. 2204. Infrastructure Security Division. ‘‘Sec. 2205. Enhancement of Federal and non- Federal cybersecurity. ‘‘Sec. 2206. Net guard. ‘‘Sec. 2207. Cyber Security Enhancement Act of 2002. ‘‘Sec. 2208. Cybersecurity recruitment and re-tention. ‘‘Sec. 2209. National cybersecurity and commu-nications integration center. ‘‘Sec. 2210. Cybersecurity plans. ‘‘Sec. 2211. Cybersecurity strategy. ‘‘Sec. 2212. Clearances. ‘‘Sec. 2213. Federal intrusion detection and pre-vention system. ‘‘Sec. 2214. National Asset Database. ‘‘Subtitle B—Critical Infrastructure Information ‘‘Sec. 2221. Short title. ‘‘Sec. 2222. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2223. Designation of critical infrastruc-ture protection program. ‘‘Sec. 2224. Protection of voluntarily shared critical infrastructure informa-tion. ‘‘Sec. 2225. No private right of action.’’. SEC. 3. TRANSFER OF OTHER ENTITIES. 
(a) O FFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MANAGE -
MENT .—The Office of Biometric Identity Man-agement of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity located in the National Protection and Pro-grams Directorate of the Department of Home-land Security on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act is hereby transferred to the Management Directorate of the Department. (b) F
EDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the completion of the Government Account-ability Office review of the organizational place-ment of the Federal Protective Service (author-ized under section 1315 of title 40, United States Code), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall determine the appropriate placement of the Service within the Department of Homeland Se-curity and commence the transfer of the Service to such component, directorate, or other office of the Department that the Secretary so deter-mines appropriate. (2) E
XCEPTION .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security determines pursuant to paragraph (1) that no component, directorate, or other office of the Department of Homeland Security is an appropriate placement for the Federal Protective Service, the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.028 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9506 November 13, 2018 
(A) provide to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Office of Management and Budget a detailed ex-planation, in writing, of the reason for such de-termination that includes— (i) information on how the Department con-sidered the Government Accountability Office review described in such paragraph; (ii) a list of the components, directorates, or other offices of the Department that were con-sidered for such placement; and (iii) information on why each such compo-nent, directorate, or other office of the Depart-ment was determined to not be an appropriate placement for the Service; (B) not later than 120 days after the comple-tion of the Government Accountability Office re-view described in such paragraph, develop and submit to the committees specified in subpara-graph (A) and the Office of Management and Budget a plan to coordinate with other appro-priate Federal agencies, including the General Services Administration, to determine a more ap-propriate placement for the Service; and (C) not later than 180 days after the comple-tion of such Government Accountability Office review, submit to such committees and the Office of Management and Budget a recommendation regarding the appropriate placement of the Service within the executive branch of the Fed-eral Government. 
SEC. 4. DHS REPORT ON CLOUD-BASED CYBERSE-CURITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Home-land Security. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget and the Administrator of General Services, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the leadership role of the Department in cloud- based cybersecurity deployments for civilian Federal departments and agencies, which shall include— (1) information on the plan of the Department for ensuring access to a security operations cen-ter as a service capability in accordance with the December 19, 2017 Report to the President on Federal IT Modernization issued by the Amer-ican Technology Council; (2) information on what service capabilities under paragraph (1) the Department will prioritize, including— (A) criteria the Department will use to evalu-ate capabilities offered by the private sector; and (B) how Federal government- and private sec-tor-provided capabilities will be integrated to enable visibility and consistency of such capa-bilities across all cloud and on premise environ-ments, as called for in the report described in paragraph (1); and (3) information on how the Department will adapt the current capabilities of, and future en-hancements to, the intrusion detection and pre-vention system of the Department and the Con-tinuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program of the Department to secure civilian Federal gov-ernment networks in a cloud environment. 
SEC. 5. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act or an amendment made by this Act may be construed as— (1) conferring new authorities to the Secretary of Homeland Security, including programmatic, regulatory, or enforcement authorities, outside of the authorities in existence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; (2) reducing or limiting the programmatic, reg-ulatory, or enforcement authority vested in any other Federal agency by statute; or (3) affecting in any manner the authority, ex-isting on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, of any other Federal agency or com-ponent of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. SEC. 6. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this Act or the amend-ments made by this Act. This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
Mr. M CCAUL (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE ANTI-SEMITIC ATTACK ON THE BUILDING HOUSING THREE CONGREGA-TIONS, TREE OF LIFE, DOR HADASH, AND NEW LIGHT, HON-ORING THE MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE ATTACK, AND OFFERING CONDOLENCES TO AND EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THEIR FAMILIES, FRIENDS, AND COMMUNITY Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 1138) con-demning the anti-Semitic attack on the building housing three congrega-tions, Tree of Life, Dor Hadash, and New Light, honoring the memory of the victims of the attack, and offering condolences to and expressing support for their families, friends, and commu-nity, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, reserving the right to object, although I don’t object, I rise today with a heavy heart. A few short weeks after a gunman en-tered the Tree of Life synagogue build-ing in Pittsburgh, my hometown, and took the lives of 11 innocent people and injured 6 others, I ask the House to pause now to remember those who were taken from us: Joyce Fienberg, Rich-ard Gottfried, Rose Malinger, Jerry Rabinowitz, Cecil and David Rosenthal, Bernice Simon, Sylvan Simon, Daniel Stein, Melvin Wax, and Irving Younger. If we could pause for a moment of si-lence for these people. b1930 I would also like to honor the law en-forcement officers, the first responders, and the medical professionals who he-roically responded to the attack. And I continue to wish a full and speedy re-covery for those who are wounded. The attack happened because one man had a dark hatred in his heart for the Jewish people. But the Jewish com-munity in Pittsburgh and the city as a whole have proven to be stronger than hate. I want to thank the Bipartisan Taskforce to Combat Anti-Semitism for their support and all of the Amer-ican people who have reached out with their comforting words and support. We all must do more to combat this hate in our neighborhoods and stop these tragedies from happening. This resolution is just a step in the healing process for our city and our country. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reserva-tion of objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1138 Whereas, on October 27, 2018, an anti-Se-mitic attack took place at the Tree of Life synagogue building in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where members of the Tree of Life, Dor Hadash, and New Light Jewish congregations were engaged in morning Shabbat services, killing 11 and wounding six innocent people; Whereas the people of the United States mourn the lives of Joyce Feinberg, Richard Gottfried, Rose Mallinger, Jerry Rabinowitz, Cecil Rosenthal, David Rosenthal, Bernice Simon, Sylvan Simon, Daniel Stein, Melvin Wax, and Irving Younger; Whereas the people of the United States hope for the speedy recovery of those who were injured; Whereas the people of the United States are grateful for the swift action of law en-forcement, emergency response teams, and medical professionals who responded to the attack; Whereas the attack is believed to the be deadliest assault on Jewish people in Amer-ican history; Whereas the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion finds the majority of religious hate crimes are motivated by anti-Jewish bias; and Whereas anti-Semitism has been increas-ing for years, including a reported 57 percent rise in anti-Semitic incidents from 2016 to 2017, the largest single-year increase in anti- Jewish hate since such data was collected: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) condemns the horrific, anti-Semitic at-tack on the Tree of Life synagogue building in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on October 27, 2018, in which 11 innocent people were killed and six were injured; (2) condemns rising anti-Semitism in the United States and around the world; (3) honors the memory of Joyce Feinberg, Richard Gottfried, Rose Mallinger, Jerry Rabinowitz, Cecil Rosenthal, David Rosen-thal, Bernice Simon, Sylvan Simon, Daniel Stein, Melvin Wax, and Irving Younger, who were killed in the attack; (4) expresses hope for a full and speedy re-covery by and pledges continued support for those injured in the attack; (5) offers heartfelt condolences and deepest sympathies to the Tree of Life, Dor Hadash, and New Light Jewish congregations, as well 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.028 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9507 November 13, 2018 
as the families, friends, loved ones, and com-munities affected by the tragedy; (6) applauds the dedication and bravery of law enforcement for their efforts to respond to the attack, as well as the service of first responders and medical professionals throughout the Pittsburgh community; (7) stands with the Jewish community in Pittsburgh, the United States, and across the world; (8) reaffirms the commitment of the United States and its allies to defeat anti- Semitism in all its forms throughout the world; and (9) supports the right of Americans to free-ly exercise their religious beliefs and rejects all forms of terror and hate. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . FOXX  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the text at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 1, strike ‘‘Feinberg’’ and insert ‘‘Fienberg’’. 
The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT TO THE PREAMBLE OFFERED BY  
MS. FOXX  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
In the second whereas clause, strike ‘‘Feinberg’’ and insert ‘‘Fienberg’’. In the last whereas clause, insert ‘‘accord-ing to the Anti-Defamation League’’ after ‘‘2017’’. 
The amendment to the preamble was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DISPENSING WITH MORNING-HOUR DEBATE ON TOMORROW Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that the order of the House of January 8, 2018, regarding morning-hour debate not apply tomor-row. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE FUR-THER PROCEEDINGS ON H.R. 5787, STRENGTHENING COASTAL COM-MUNITIES ACT OF 2018 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that further proceedings on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5787) to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes, may be postponed through the legislative day of Novem-ber 16, 2018, as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF DAMON NELSON (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, Damon Nelson, the staff director of our House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, passed away a few days ago, and this has left us shocked and saddened. It was my honor to have been se-lected by the Speaker to serve on this coveted committee, and we all came to know Damon as a kind and gracious gentleman. Always armed with a smile, Damon was there to lend a hand to staffers and Members alike. A veteran of the Persian Gulf war, Damon took pride in his military serv-ice, which also afforded him the oppor-tunity to meet his lovely wife, Dana. My heart goes out to you, Dana; to Damon’s family; to our congressional colleague D
EVIN; and to all the wonder-ful folks who had the privilege of call-ing Damon a friend. Although Damon will no longer walk these hallowed halls, his spirit will for-ever be forged in the mission of this in-stitution: To serve our citizens with honor and distinction. I was privileged to know such a pa-triot and fine individual who embodied the characteristics of a public servant. Thank you, Damon, for all you did, and rest easy, my friend. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as co- chair of the Career and Technical Edu-cation Caucus, I rise to recognize Na-tional Apprenticeship Week. In recent years, we have heard too often about the tremendous skills gap that we have in our country, where too many jobs at companies in our dis-tricts go unfilled because workers don’t have the skills to do those jobs that are available. Well, apprenticeships provide valuable on-the-job training for students of all ages. By combining practical and theoretical instruction, they allow students to earn while they learn, preparing them for high-skilled, high-paying jobs. I have seen the promise of these pro-grams back home. In Rhode Island, Electric Boat has partnered with the Community College of Rhode Island to offer an apprenticeship program at Quonset Point in maritime pipe and structural trades. Apprentices will fin-ish the program with a certificate and an associate’s degree, ready for reward-ing careers in high-demand industries. Apprenticeships offer affordable edu-cation for students, powerful produc-tivity enhancements for businesses, and big economic returns for our com-munities. As the number of skilled job openings continues to grow and the workforce continues to age, appren-ticeship programs will become even more critical. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF DR. RICHARD GOTTFRIED (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Dr. Richard Gottfried, whose life was trag-ically taken, along with 10 other congregants, during the attack at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh on October 27. Raised in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, Rich concluded his studies at the Uni-versity of Pittsburgh Dental School. There, he met Peg Durachko, with whom he enjoyed a beautiful 38-year marriage. Rich and Peg ran a local dental prac-tice. They also joyfully gave back to their community, providing dental care to the needy, including immigrants and refugees, at the Catholic Charities Den-tal Clinic and at the Squirrel Hill Med-ical Center. Their boundless love was reflected in their full respect of and engagement in each other’s Jewish and Catholic faiths. When not serving as synagogue president or providing dental care, Rich and Peg relished evenings at home on their deck with wine and ci-gars. What took Rich from us was an act of pure evil, hatred, and anti-Semitism. Love must overcome hate, and the love displayed by Rich and Peg, and now continued by her, can lead us all from grieving to healing. May Rich’s memory be a blessing to Peg and his whole community. 
f 
THE APPOINTMENT OF MATTHEW WHITAKER AS ACTING ATTOR-NEY GENERAL (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today on the appointment of Matthew Whitaker as Acting Attorney General of the United States. Mr. Whitaker has repeatedly dis-missed the value and seriousness of the Mueller investigation while advising the President on strategies to sabotage it, including through advocating for in-vestigations the DOJ’s own profes-sional staff had already determined were unnecessary. Mr. Whitaker’s broader record on issues of justice is just as disturbing, as the Anti-Defamation League found his opposition to the appointment of non-Christian Federal judges to be ‘‘deeply troubling.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.027 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9508 November 13, 2018 
Lastly, Mr. Whitaker’s service as Acting Attorney General has been widely recognized by legal experts from across the political spectrum as uncon-stitutional because of the clear re-quirement that principal officers, such as the DOJ’s Secretary, demand Senate confirmation. The United States needs an Attorney General worthy of the office and com-mitted to protecting the efforts of Spe-cial Counsel Mueller. But so long as Mr. Whitaker remains in office, he should follow ethical guidelines and recuse himself from the Mueller inves-tigation. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF COLONEL VIC STRAUB (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on Veterans Day, I had the privilege of being in St. Marys, Pennsylvania. The American Legion recognized Colonel Vic Straub for his service, and I was honored to be there. As part of the celebration, I pre-sented Colonel Straub with a flag that had been flown over our United States Capitol. Colonel Straub’s personal qualities share a lot in common with the colors of our Stars and Stripes. The red sym-bolizes his courage, dating back to sit-ting in the cockpit of a range of experi-mental planes as an airman. The white symbolizes his purity of purpose and being selfless in all his work. The blue symbolizes his loyalty to his family, his community, and to his country. And the stars, well, what more can I say? Colonel Straub is a talented and proud Air Force guy. Mr. Speaker, one of the privileges of this job as a U.S. Representative is that we are able to meet, help, and thank many people throughout the congressional district. As we honored our veterans throughout the Nation this weekend, let us all remember that freedom is not free. And for that, we can thank a veteran. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT VINCENT PANTOZZI (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Vincent Pantozzi of Jersey City, New Jersey, on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I, which was Sun-day. Just 2 months after the United States entered World War I, and only 5 years after Mr. Pantozzi immigrated to the United States, he enlisted in the Army. Sergeant Pantozzi served in many pivotal battles in France. He was shot in the knee on June 15, 1918, and then gassed 8 days later. Sergeant Pantozzi spent 3 weeks in a field hospital, recovered, and returned to his post. He was awarded the Purple Heart and many other commendations for his service. In 1919, Sergeant Pantozzi was honor-ably discharged from the United States Army. The next day, he became a U.S. citizen. Mr. Pantozzi passed away on October 7, 1976, at the age of 82. I ask my colleagues to join me in honor of Sergeant Vincent Pantozzi of Jersey City, New Jersey, an exception-ally dedicated man whose service to our country deserves this recognition. f 
PRAYERS AND SUPPORT FOR THE RESIDENTS OF PARADISE, CALI-FORNIA (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart. In my district, just a few days ago broke out a tremen-dously devastating wildfire. It affected the town of Paradise, California, and has completely destroyed the town and displaced at least 27,000 people, with many missing, their whereabouts un-known. Mr. Speaker, we ask for the prayers of the people of this country for this still unfolding situation. The fires aren’t even all the way out yet. They haven’t investigated everything yet. And they still have many, many miss-ing people there. So what we really need is a little more time to put the fires out, so that we can have re-entry and find those who are missing. For those who want to support and help in this country, Mr. Speaker, monetary donations at this time for the Paradise, California, fire, known as the Camp fire, would be the most help-ful thing that people can do at this time, to give the most assets and re-sources, the most helpful for those who are providing and helping with the shelters for so many people who have been displaced. I thank the American people for their prayers and support for our Paradise citizens. 
f 
OPEN ENROLLMENT ENDS DECEMBER 15, 2018 (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to encourage every citizen to sign up for health insurance coverage during open enrollment, which ends on December 15. You still have several weeks. For details about available plans, please visit healthcare.gov or call 1– 800–318–2596. Health insurance is a vital protection that ensures Americans won’t be forced to put off a checkup or worry about going broke if they or a family member gets sick. As many in Ohio know, the average cost for 3 days in the hospital is $30,000. The majority of personal bankruptcies in our country result from healthcare expenditures. There are many affordable health plans on the exchange. In many cases, financial help is even available. In fact, 8 in 10 people qualify for financial help, with most getting a plan for $75 a month or less. Health insurance can provide you and your family with health security and peace of mind, and health insurance pays medical costs when you or a loved one really needs medical care. The marketplace provides access to quality and affordable health coverage. In order to get in touch with someone local to learn more, go to localhelp.healthcare.gov, or call 1–800– 318–2596. Find out how much you can save while signing up for good health insurance. You have until December 15. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Wednesday, November 14, 2018, at noon. 
f 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: K
EVIN HERN, First District of Okla-homa. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13NO7.065 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9509 November 13, 2018 
JOSEPH D. M ORELLE , 25th District of New York. M
ARYGAYSCANLON , Seventh District of Pennsylvania. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6769. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing Colonel Brett T. Funck, United States Army, to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6770. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing Colonel James M. Smith, United States Army, to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general while serving as Commanding General, 3d Sustainment Com-mand (Expeditionary), pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6771. A letter from the Secretary, Division of Trading and Markets, Securities and Ex-change Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s Major final rule — Disclosure of Order Handling Information [Release No.: 34- 84528; File No.: S7-14-16] (RIN: 3235-AL67) re-ceived November 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6772. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0438; Product Identifier 2017-SW-062-AD; Amendment 39-19410; AD 2018-19-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6773. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Heli-copters [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0439; Product Identifier 2016-SW-074-AD; Amendment 39- 19409; AD 2018-19-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6774. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Viking Air Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0867; Product Identifier 2017- CE-021-AD; Amendment 39-19411; AD 2018-19- 11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6775. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; 328 Support Services GmbH (Type Cer-tificate Previously Held by AvCraft Aero-space GmbH; Fairchild Dornier GmbH; Dornier Luftfahrt GmbH) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0503; Product Identifier 2018- NM-048-AD; Amendment 39-19413; AD 2018-19- 13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6776. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0399; Product Identifier 2018- NM-008-AD; Amendment 39-19412; AD 2018-19- 12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6777. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2018-0412; Product Identifier 2017-NM-180-AD; Amendment 39-19420; AD 2018-19-20] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6778. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0496; Product Identifier 2018- NM-031-AD; Amendment 39-19414; AD 2018-19- 14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6779. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0650; Product Identi-fier 2017-NE-19-AD; Amendment 39-19394; AD 2018-18-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6780. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters Deutschland GmbH Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0517; Product Identifier 2017-SW-098-AD; Amend-ment 39-19443; AD 2018-20-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6781. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1026; Product Identifier 2017-NM-097-AD; Amendment 39-19422; AD 2018-19-21] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6782. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0497; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 140-AD; Amendment 39-19418; AD 2018-19-18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6783. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company CF34-8E En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0142; Product Identifier 2018-NE-04-AD; Amendment 39- 19368; AD 2018-17-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6784. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0511; Prod-uct Identifier 2017-NM-145-AD; Amendment 39-19425; AD 2018-19-24] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6785. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0905; Product Identifier 2017-NM-090-AD; Amendment 39-19424; AD 2018-19-23] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5326. A bill to amend titles 14 and 46, United States Code, to make technical corrections with respect to Coast Guard and shipping authorities, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1015). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5319. A bill to transfer Coast Guard property in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclusion in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge (Rept. 115– 1016, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 2593. A bill to authorize appropriations for the Federal Maritime Commission for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1017). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 4673. A bill to create opportunities for women in the avia-tion industry; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1018). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 6175. A bill to enhance maritime safety, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–1019). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 6206. A bill to direct the Commandant of the Coast Guard to establish a Blue Technology center of ex-pertise, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 1020). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.032 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9510 November 13, 2018 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 6622. A bill to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Build-ing’’; with amendments (Rept. 115–1021). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1142. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6784) to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and providing for proceedings during the pe-riod from November 19, 2018, through Novem-ber 26, 2018 (Rept. 115–1022). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Natural Resources dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5319 referred to the Committee on the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 7119. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to continue to pay educational assistance or subsistence al-lowances to eligible persons when edu-cational institutions are temporarily closed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 7120. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to extend through 2023 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of penalties estab-lished and published by the Commission; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 7121. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to prohibit the Commission of Fine Arts from exercising authority over non-Federal property in the District of Co-lumbia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 7122. A bill to amend title III of the Public Health Service Act and titles XI and XVIII of the Social Security Act to accel-erate the adoption of value-based payment and delivery arrangements among health care stakeholders intended to coordinate care, improve patient outcomes, share ac-countability, or lower costs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 7123. A bill to condemn gross human rights violations of ethnic Turkic Muslims in Xinjiang, and calling for an end to arbitrary detention, torture, and harassment of these communities inside and outside China; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Intelligence (Per-manent Select), and the Judiciary, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself, Ms. GRANGER , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ): H. Con. Res. 141. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that public health professionals should be commended for their dedication and service to the United States on Public Health Thank You Day, No-vember 19, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BABIN: H. Res. 1143. A resolution calling on the President to resume the interpretation of section 1 of the 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution as originally intended and applied as law for a century; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. E VANS , Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. C URTIS , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. N OR-
MAN, Mr. B LUM, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi, Mr. B
ALDERSON , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. S
TIVERS , and Ms. B ONAMICI ): H. Res. 1144. A resolution recognizing No-vember 24, 2018, as ‘‘Small Business Satur-day’’ and supporting efforts to increase awareness of the value of locally owned small businesses; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. B EYER , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. L EE, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. M ENG, Mr. R
USH, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. S
IRES, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON of Texas, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
ARSEN of Wash-ington, Ms. N
ORTON , and Mr. E VANS ): H. Res. 1145. A resolution expressing the need for bold climate action in response to the release of the United Nations report ti-tled ‘‘Global Warming of 1.5 degrees Celsius, an IPCC special report on the impacts of global warming of 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and related global greenhouse gas emission pathways in the context of strengthening the global response to the threat of climate change, sustainable development, and efforts to eradicate pov-erty’’; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 7119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: Congress shall have to power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 7120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4 and Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 7121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 7122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 7123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 121: Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 154: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 530: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 742: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1322: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.005 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9511 November 13, 2018 
H.R. 1358: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1438: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1516: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1542: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1566: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. L
EE, and Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama. H.R. 1960: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2059: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2285: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2358: Mrs. L
ESKO , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. P
LASKETT , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 2417: Mrs. T
ORRES and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 2447: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2657: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 3032: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3085: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 3197: Mr. W
ELCH and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 3325: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3767: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3798: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 4107: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. G
ARRETT , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. B UDD, and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 4138: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4565: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4575: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 4701: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4732: Mr. L
ONG, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 4828: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 4897: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4912: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5306: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 5337: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 5413: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5472: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 5476: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 5561: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 5595: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 5671: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 5955: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5985: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 6315: Mr. A
GUILAR and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 6358: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 6421: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 6424: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 6566: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 6643: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 6678: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6759: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 6873: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 6880: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 6948: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 6967: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 6993: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 7052: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 7073: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 7118: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H. Con. Res. 138: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. H IMES, and Ms. D ELBENE. H. Res. 282: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H. Res. 757: Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H. Res. 884: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H. Res. 1073: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H. Res. 1121: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 1134: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 1138: Mr. L
AMB, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B
ACON , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ENG, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N EAL, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. F
OXX. H. Res. 1139: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 1141: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO7.014 H13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6903 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2018 No. 179 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Father and Sovereign King, as our lawmakers prepare for another chapter in our legislative history, bless those who will be leaving us and those who will be coming. Give them wisdom and courage for the living of these days. May Your gift of wisdom provide them with a guide for the unknown way, enabling them to approve things that are excellent. Remind them that the most important choices demand the ability to discriminate not only good from bad but the best from the better and the good. May Your gift of courage empower our Senators to permit their reach to exceed their grasp for the glory and honor of Your Name. Lord, continue to extend Your mer-cies to the Members of the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, PA. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. WILDFIRES IN CALIFORNIA Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to begin by recognizing the brave fire and rescue personnel who are working around the clock to stop the spread of fires in California. I know all of our colleagues join me in remem-bering the more than 40 people who have lost their lives to the blaze, in sympathy for their families and in prayer for all of those whose homes, lives, and livelihoods have been thrown into chaos by this disaster. As these communities begin the task of rebuilding, Americans everywhere will stand with them. 
f 
WELCOMING OUR NEW COLLEAGUES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, this is an exciting week for the Senate. For one thing, we are beginning to welcome several new Members to our ranks. They may not be sworn in until Janu-ary, but these new Senators-elect are already arriving in town for orienta-tion events and to vote in their party’s leadership elections. I know I speak for all of my col-leagues in issuing each of our future colleagues, on both sides of the aisle, our hearty congratulations and a warm welcome. We are looking forward to working with all of these new col-leagues. 
f 
UPCOMING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, even as we begin looking ahead to Jan-uary and the 116th Congress, the re-ality is, we still have a series of impor-tant outstanding subjects to tackle be-tween now and the end of the year. First on the list is legislation that will reauthorize funding for our Coast Guard and implement a number of im-portant reforms. Our Nation calls on the Coast Guard to protect America’s ports and to maintain shipping lanes to interdict il-legal drugs before they reach the bor-der and to risk their lives to save oth-ers in the midst of fierce storms and natural disasters. In each case, they embody their motto: ‘‘Semper Paratus’’—‘‘Always Ready.’’ So in passing these measures this week, the Senate will be fulfilling an important promise to some of the brave men and women who have taken an oath to keep us safe. Aspects of this legislation are par-ticularly important to States like my own State of Kentucky—the heart of our Nation’s inland waterways system. For too long, vessel owners and barge operators have struggled under a com-plex system of overlapping and duplica-tive regulations. They make normal shipping functions needlessly difficult, including the incidental discharge of ballast water. A confusing web of rules from States, the Coast Guard, and the EPA leave owners and operators to face constant uncertainty and lead to high-er costs. The Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, or VIDA, replaces the existing system with a uniform, cost-effective, and na-tional standard enforced by the Coast Guard. For the 13,000 Kentuckians whose jobs depend on our State’s inland wa-terways, this provision can help cut costs, promote efficiency, and protect our natural waters. For the countless farmers, miners, and manufacturers who depend on these waters to get their goods to market, VIDA ends the headache and delivers relief. VIDA passed out of the Senate Com-merce Committee on a voice vote. In fact, it has been reported out of com-mittee numerous times in recent years, including when our Democratic col-leagues were in the majority. So it is time to pass this bipartisan bill; it is time to help the Coast Guard continue its important work; and it is time to deliver much needed predictability to the mariners who rely on it. I urge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.000 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6904 November 13, 2018 
every one of our colleagues to join me in voting to advance it later this after-noon. After that legislation, we will turn to another qualified nominee, Michelle Bowman, to serve as a member of the Board of Governors for the Federal Re-serve. Ms. Bowman currently serves as a banking commissioner for the State of Kansas. I look forward to confirming her this week as well. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany S. 140, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany S. 140, a bill to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the bill, with M
CCON-
NELL (for T HUNE ) Modified Amendment No. 4054, in the nature of a substitute. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
MIDTERMS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, let me say that all of our hearts go out to everyone affected by the terrible wildfires in California and, once again, express how grateful we are to the first responders and firefighters, those brave people on the scene. We continue to monitor the situation, and the Senate will do everything it can to help. Now, let me welcome everybody back after the midterm elections. Last week, Americans voted in record numbers to deliver an unambig-uous message: They wanted a change. People across the country were dis-appointed in what 2 years of one-party Republican rule had delivered: rising healthcare costs and declining quality, a massive giveaway of public resources to multinational corporations and to the wealthiest few, and a Congress that failed to provide a check and balance on the President. So the American peo-ple voted for a change. They voted for a check on President Trump and a Con-gress that would stop trying to take away their healthcare. After 2 long years, that is what they will get. Republican plans to rip healthcare away from Americans has been stymied. Democrats won the House of Rep-resentatives decisively. Democrats flipped several Governors and State legislatures. Here in the Senate, Demo-cratic candidates did extraordinarily well with a very difficult map. Overall, last Tuesday night was a very good night for Democrats. But more impor-tantly, it was a very good night for America and for beginning to restore some normalcy to our Nation’s govern-ance. This afternoon, let me welcome the new Republican Senators and the two new Democratic Senators, JACKY  R
OSEN of Nevada, and K YRSTEN SINEMA  of Arizona—the women of the West— with whom I met this morning. Both are highly accomplished. Both are tough and incredibly bright and prin-cipled but also pragmatic. I assure you that they will both make excellent, ef-fective Senators. I could not be more pleased to welcome them to this Cham-ber. But now that the hard-fought mid-term campaign is over, we must turn the page and see what Democrats and Republicans can accomplish together for the American people. In the lame-duck session, we will consider legisla-tion dealing with the Coast Guard and wrap up the appropriations process. Then, in January, the House and Sen-ate will come back with new legislators and new priorities. One item can’t wait, though, until January. Last week, President Trump asked for the resignation of his once best friend, Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions, and announced that Matthew Whitaker, the Chief of Staff to the At-torney General, would become the Act-ing Attorney General. Even though Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosen-stein, already confirmed by the Senate, was next in line for the title of Acting Attorney General under the Depart-ment of Justice’s succession statute, President Trump took the highly un-usual step of naming another person to the job, Mr. Whitaker, who has not been confirmed by the Senate for any job in the Justice Department. First and foremost, there are serious questions about whether or not Mr. Whitaker’s appointment is even con-stitutional, considering the require-ment for Senate confirmation in arti-cle II of the Constitution. But in addi-tion to very serious questions about the appointment itself, Americans should be very concerned about the ap-pointee, Mr. Whitaker, and what he might mean for the special counsel’s investigation. It is amazing. Mr. Whitaker claims that Russia didn’t interfere with our elections, contrary to the conclusion of 17 intelligence agencies. When someone ignores the facts and just says these things, you know they are an ideo-logue. They are not trying to dispense justice or anything else down the mid-dle. They are an ideologue. Seventeen intelligence agencies say Russia inter-fered in our elections. This is not about collusion—just whether they inter-fered, and Whitaker says no. He has called for ‘‘pulling the reins back’’ on the Russia investigation. That is hard-ly a neutral arbiter who is going to call the shots as they should be called, down the middle. He referred to Special Counsel Mueller and his staff as a ‘‘lynch mob.’’ When I saw General Flynn in the 2016 campaign, a three-star general, screaming: ‘‘Lock her up,’’ I thought: Something is wrong. A general shouldn’t do that no matter what their political views are. When the Acting Attorney General refers to Special Counsel Mueller and his staff as a ‘‘lynch mob,’’ that is way over the top in a similar way, and Whitaker has openly mused about how to grind the investigation to a halt. There is simply no question that Mr. Whitaker enters his role as Acting At-torney General with a clear bias against the Russia investigation. Es-sentially, Mr. Whitaker has prejudged the outcome of an investigation he now oversees. That is awful. That is not America. That is so highly political in a bad way. In light of this, two things must hap-pen. First, we are demanding that Mr. Whitaker recuse himself from the Rus-sia investigation. On Sunday, I sent a letter, along with Leader P
ELOSI and top Democrats from both Houses in the relevant committees, to the Depart-ment of Justice’s chief ethics officer explaining why Mr. Whitaker should be recused and requesting that the chief ethics officer notify Congress of what ethics guidance Mr. Whitaker has given. We have heard that Mr. Whitaker is meeting with the ethics officials this week, and we expect that Congress will be notified about the results of those discussions. Second, if Whitaker does not recuse himself, we Democrats are going to at-tempt to add legislation to the must- pass spending bill in the lameduck ses-sion that would prevent Acting Attor-ney General Whitaker from interfering with the Mueller investigation in any way. Judiciary Committee Democrats have also requested that Chairman G
RASSLEY schedule a hearing with Mr. Whitaker and former Attorney General Sessions. I support that request whole-heartedly. Now, even if you don’t believe that Mr. Whitaker poses a threat to the Mueller investigation, there are seri-ous questions about whether his ap-pointment is lawful or whether Mr. Whitaker has the experience, tempera-ment, independence, fidelity, and rule of law required for such a vitally im-portant position. Given that the Sen-ate never confirmed him for his current role in the Justice Department, now is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.001 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6905 November 13, 2018 
the time to consider whether Mr. Whitaker is qualified for his new role as our Nation’s chief law enforcement officer. Let’s remember one thing: Demo-crats and Republicans alike have said that if President Trump interferes with the Russia investigation, we would be on the brink of a constitutional crisis the likes of which we haven’t seen in decades. Altering the chain of com-mand in the Justice Department to put a partisan loyalist in charge of the in-vestigation certainly feels like we may be heading down that road. Why not head the whole thing off at the pass? Mr. Whitaker can and should recuse himself and, regardless, the Senate should pass legislation to protect the integrity of the Russia investigation. In conclusion, it is a far better thing to be safe than sorry when it comes to something as paramount as the rule of law and fidelity to the great Constitu-tion of the United States of America. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. (Mr. FLAKE assumed the Chair.) Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I will just start out by saying it is good to see you. It is good to be back. I hope you had a good break. We have business to do—serious busi-ness to do. Before we took our recess around election time, we closed off by passing, I think, a 99-to-1 vote here and a unanimous vote over in the House. It is a major water infrastructure bill that Senator B
ARRASSO and I and our staffs have worked on with a number of our colleagues. We are back here today to do some more good work. I am grateful to everyone who has had a part in that. I rise in support of the Coast Guard reauthorizing bill and to urge our col-leagues to vote yes on the pending clo-ture motion and on final passage of this legislation tomorrow. Ensuring that our Coast Guard, comprised of nearly 90,000 men and women across our country, has the resources to do its important work is incredibly impor-tant. The Coast Guard was established at the behest of Treasury Secretary Alex-ander Hamilton, who is known more re-cently for the musical, but he was ac-tually behind the establishment of the Coast Guard all those years ago. This is one of his greatest hits, if you will. He played a crucial role in our country, and so has the Coast Guard—including in my State of Delaware—from the very birth of our Nation, and my guess is also in Wisconsin, where our Pre-siding Officer is from. Today, we ask this branch of our military to track pollution at sea, to combat illicit trafficking and smug-gling, and to protect maritime oper-ations that are expanding throughout our Arctic waters, while still keeping our waters safe for recreational and cargo vessels sailing in places like the Delaware Bay. The bill before us today will increase resources for the Coast Guard by about 10 percent so they are equipped to con-tinue this important and oftentimes lifesaving work. This legislation also allows for multiyear funding in order to procure future national security cutters, which will reduce costs, in-crease predictability, and stabilize workforces. It is like a win-win-win. For a State like mine, which is seri-ous about its recreational boating, the bill would increase safety by imple-menting engine cut-off switches and al-ternate signaling devices. For the Coast Guard contingent based at the Indian River Inlet in Dela-ware, about halfway between Rehoboth Beach and the Maryland line in Ocean City, this bill means an increase in operational and maintenance funding for personnel and boats, easier access to healthcare for crews and their fami-lies, better quality of the life through updated leave policies, extra funding for shoreside infrastructure improve-ments, and clarity on inspections and enforcement procedures for vessel boardings. The impacts of this reauthorization bill are real. They will be felt in the Coast Guard contingents across our country. This bill also includes a major win with regard to our shared environ-ment. Many of our Senate colleagues have invested far more than I have in time and effort to bring greater efficiency and effectiveness to our Nation’s man-agement of potentially harmful ballast water discharges from vessels plying our waters. That effort has culminated in the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act—better known as VIDA, as in Vida Blue—which is contained in title IX of the amendment before us. Specifically, the bill will go a long way toward preventing polluted ballast water discharges from entering our wa-terways, will minimize the risk of in-troduction of invasive species in the Great Lakes and other sensitive eco-systems, and will maintain important environmental protections for our waters that are enshrined in the Clean Water Act. This past April, the Senate failed to invoke cloture on a prior version of this reauthorization bill. Many of our colleagues and I were concerned that the earlier legislation failed to main-tain the appropriate roles for the Coast Guard and for EPA. This new version makes sure that the EPA is responsible for setting vessel discharge standards while the Coast Guard is responsible for approving the technologies that can meet those standards and, thus, allow vessels to operate safely. This is the key. I want to say it again. This new version makes sure that the EPA is responsible for setting vessel discharge standards while the Coast Guard is responsible for approving the technologies that can meet those standards and, thus, allow vessels to operate safely and ulti-mately to operate efficiently. As ranking member of the Senate En-vironment and Public Works Com-mittee, I am grateful for the excellent work done by the Senator from South Dakota, the chairman of the Commerce Committee, Senator THUNE , and the Senator from Florida, Mr. N
ELSON , the ranking member, and by their able staffs, working with us on this impor-tant, bipartisan bill. My speech here does not mention the Senator from Alaska, D
ANSULLIVAN . It is his birthday today. So I am going to give him a shout-out and say that he and his staff worked on this as well, and we are grateful to them for being our partners. With the support of our Commerce Committee colleagues and the active participation of many Senators—in-cluding our Pacific coast, Great Lakes, and east coast partners—we have strengthened VIDA in substantial ways since our last vote on this legislation in April. Let me take a minute now and ex-plain how. First of all, we have clari-fied that the Clean Water Act should govern this important endeavor to keep our waters clean, healthy, and productive, and that the Environ-mental Protection Agency should take the lead in establishing standards for the discharge of waters polluted by invasive species and other substances from vessels. This legislation also recognizes the expertise, if you will, and the experi-ence of the Coast Guard and their crews by ensuring that it retains re-sponsibility for determining the best available technology necessary to meet the EPA’s discharge standards, while also maintaining maritime safety. In addition, the Coast Guard would as-sume the primary Federal role in mon-itoring and enforcing these standards. So there you have it. As a former Governor—some of my colleagues call me a recovering Gov-ernor, which is true—it was critically important to me that we ensure a ro-bust role for States, especially given that the waters in their jurisdictions are the most at risk for invasive spe-cies and pollution coming from ships. With that in mind, we have ensured that States maintain a coenforcement responsibility to ensure that these Fed-eral standards are met. The Coast Guard, in close coordination with the States, will establish a set of inspec-tion and enforcement procedures that will ensure a common approach to the States’ enforcement of Federal vessel discharge standards and requirements. We have also required that Governors are consulted in the establishment of discharge standards and that they can act to drive the Federal agencies to issue emergency measures should invasive species appear off their shores. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.003 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6906 November 13, 2018 
Governors will also be able to di-rectly petition the EPA and the Coast Guard for stronger national standard and requirements if the science says that they are necessary or the tech-nology has evolved. The EPA and the Coast Guard will be required to respond to a Governor’s petition quickly and on the merits, not sidestepping concerns that might be raised. Should a State find that its waters are threatened despite the protection offered by the national standard, that State can petition the EPA to establish no-discharge zones to protect those vulnerable waters from any vessel dis-charges or force the EPA to issue emer-gency orders. Under this legislation, Great Lakes Governors for the first time have a de-fined process to adopt stronger require-ments and more protective equipment on vessels entering or traveling within the Great Lakes. In addition, a new Aquatic Nuisance Species Program is established that would address the waters of the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain. The bill also creates spe-cial ballast water exchange require-ments to help ensure the protection of critical Pacific region environments. Under all circumstances, no future discharge standards, regional require-ments, or technology mandates can ever be weaker than the Federal re-quirements that are in place today. Let me say that again. Under all cir-cumstances, no future discharge stand-ards, regional requirements, or tech-nology mandates can ever be weaker than the Federal requirements that are in place today. Furthermore, no State laws or regulations will be preempted unless and until the new, more proactive, more protective Federal standards and requirements are in place—meaning they are both final and enforceable by the Coast Guard and the States. This bill contains equal measures of environmental urgency and common sense. It sets clear roles and respon-sibilities for the Federal agencies in-volved in implementing it, and it pro-vides certainty and predictability to all who rely on our coastal waters and the Great Lakes to recreate, fish, and carry our cargos. Many of our colleagues realize that getting to this point has been a multiyear endeavor. In the end, that is what has brought us together—a com-mon appreciation of how important our waters are to our country. No matter how far away from the coast we may live, none of us are untouched in some way by the environment and resources extending from our shores. Again, let me commend everyone who has helped in ways both large and small to craft the important com-promise that is before us today. With its inclusion, we will have a clear path to enacting a much needed Coast Guard reauthorization bill with its strong VIDA provisions. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting it and by doing so, demonstrating that even on the heels of last week’s election, the Sen-ate is still committed to hammering out principled compromises on difficult but important issues like these. I will close by hearkening back to my days in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. After I was Treasurer, I served in the House for a while. After that, I served as Governor of my State and then came here to join our colleagues in the Senate. For 10 years I served on the Coast Guard Subcommittee, which was in the Merchant Marine and Fish-eries Committee, and I had the oppor-tunity to visit Coast Guard facilities not just on the east coast but as far away as Alaska, on Kodiak Island. I am a retired Navy captain. I spent a lot of time on airplanes and some-times on ships to understand fairly well the important role that the Coast Guard does. We certainly see that every day on the east coast. We have a huge tourist business on the shores and the beaches of Delaware, and the Coast Guard plays a hugely important role in that endeavor. Today, we thank and salute—the Navy salutes—the Coast Guard and all of the men and women who are out there doing their job for all of us. Again, I want to salute especially the three Senators I mentioned earlier: Senator T
HUNE , Senator N ELSON , and Senator S
ULLIVAN , our birthday boy today, and for a job well done. Particularly, I want to thank the folks on my staff. I will just mention a couple of names: Christophe Tulou, An-drew Rogers, and MF Repko, who is a leader and the head of our staff on the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee, and our colleagues on the other side on EPW. It is a good team effort. People say to me all the time back home, and I am sure they say this to our Presiding Officer back in Wis-consin: When are you guys going to get something done? Senator J
OHNBARRASSO was just on the floor and spoke briefly to the Pre-siding Officer. He and I, working with our colleagues, Democrats and Repub-licans alike, got something big done— the Water Resources Development Act, a big water infrastructure bill that we passed by a big margin, as I said ear-lier. As for today’s vote—I don’t care if you live on the coast or live in the Great Lakes or some other place around the country—we all have a dog in this fight, not just by talking about it or pointing fingers at one another. We are doing something about it, and we are doing it by working together. I am proud of what we have done. I am grateful to everyone who has had a part in that. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. Thank you so much. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TRIBUTE TO WILL RUDER  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I rise this evening to pay tribute to a long-time member of my staff. Will Ruder has served Kansans for 11 years and counting, including the last 2 years as legislative director in our office here in Washington. It is always difficult to say goodbye to our staff, but for many reasons, it will be uniquely difficult to replace Will. Will grew up in a small, Western Kansas town called Plainville. If that sounds familiar to any of the folks back home, it is because Plainville is my home town as well. Eleven years ago, I weighed two strong applicants for an internship opening in my office. As I recall, the first candidate had attended an east coast private school and was rec-ommended by multiple individuals. The second was a young man from Plainville, whose parents ran a gas sta-tion and who was immediately ap-proachable, down-to-earth, and eager to serve Kansans. Perhaps it goes with-out saying that in choosing Will 11 years ago, I made a right decision. Will’s Plainville roots and the values instilled by his family, hometown neighbors, and friends kept him grounded during his service in our Na-tion’s Capital. My ability to work on behalf of Kan-sans is greatly enhanced when dedi-cated individuals who care about our home State are there by my side. I have often told my staff that I am an enabler. I enable them to do more for our State. I can think of no staffer who better epitomizes and articulates the reason I am here today as a U.S. Senator, working to preserve the rural way of life and the American dream for the next generation, than Will Ruder. Just last week, this resonated with me in a powerful way. A short bus ride north from Hays is Plainville. My staff and I were in Hays on our staff retreat, and we made a surprise pit stop to Ruder Oil Company to visit Will’s par-ents, John and Karla. It was a special moment for our staff to pay tribute to the Ruder family and to Will, the old-est of six Ruder children. As a light rain fell, Will shared what it meant to come full circle back to his roots and why the work that we do in our Nation’s Capital is so important to ensuring that rural America remains alive and well, particularly at a time when the American dream is seemingly becoming harder and harder to achieve. As a policy adviser and legislative di-rector, Will has accomplished a great deal on behalf of Kansans. A few weeks after I was sworn in as a Senator, it was Will who drafted the resolution honoring Kansas’s 150th birthday. In response to a devastating gas ex-plosion in Hutchinson, KS, which took the lives of two Kansans and destroyed half a block of downtown businesses, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.006 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6907 November 13, 2018 
Will spent years working to pass legis-lation to allow Kansans to restore safe-ty inspections of underground gas stor-age facilities. Will was intimately involved in nu-merous banking, energy and water in-frastructure victories for Kansans and almost always on a bipartisan basis. I always say that if I have to lose good staffers, I hope it is because they are returning to Kansas. For Will, per-haps that was inevitable, but for the past several months, Will has had the unfortunate existence of working States away from his wife and kids, who made the preemptive move to Overland Park, KS, when his wife Liz received an exciting job opportunity. I am happy for Will, and I know he is ecstatic to have a chance to move home, spend time with Liz, and watch his two children, Miriam and Leo, grow up. Today I want to thank Will Ruder of Plainville, KS. Thank you, Will, for spending 11 years of your life in our Nation’s Capital, trying to make things better, and for the way you have always conducted yourself on my be-half and on behalf of Kansans back home. Whether you believe it or not, you have left a significant mark on this place, on our office, and on me, and your presence will be sorely missed. 
NOMINATION OF MICHELLE BOWMAN  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, tomor-row the Senate will consider Kansan Michelle Bowman to serve on the Fed-eral Board of Governors for the seat re-served for a community banker or a community bank regulator. To under-stand her qualifications, we should first look at the position for which she has been nominated. The original Federal Reserve Act re-quires appointments to the Board to include a representative of the agri-culture community. When Congress further defined the Fed’s representa-tion, it created a specific seat for someone with a community bank back-ground, having either worked in or su-pervised a community bank. Miki Bow-man has done both. Miki’s experience as both Kansas State bank commissioner and her time at Farmers and Drovers Bank in Coun-cil Grove, KS, satisfies both of those statutory requirements, and she is even more qualified with her impres-sive background in public service and the private sector. In total, Miki Bow-man has served as bank supervisor and regulator for nearly 2 years and has been a community banker for 7 years. Miki was nominated April 16, 2018, as a member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors as the Community Bank Representative for the remainder of a 14-year term expiring January 31, 2020. If confirmed, she will represent Region 8, the St. Louis region of Missouri, for the Federal Reserve. Miki will also be the first person nominated and confirmed by the Sen-ate to hold the seat specifically re-served for one member with dem-onstrated primary experience working in or supervising community banks. She would be one of seven members of the Board. Miki’s early years echo that of many Kansans. She attended the University of Kansas to earn a bachelor’s degree and then went on to earn a law degree from Washburn University. After graduation, Miki was called to public service where she served in a va-riety of capacities, including as a staff member for Senator Dole and counsel for several House committees, Director of Congressional and Intergovern-mental Affairs for FEMA, and a Deputy Assistant Secretary and Policy Adviser at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Under Secretary Tom Ridge. Following that, she and her husband moved to London, where Miki con-sulted on government and public af-fairs. Like many Kansans who love and ap-preciate our State, Miki made her way back home. She returned to Council Grove to take the helm of the family bank for the next 7 years. Far from London and Washington, DC, Miki felt the need to return to her community to make a good life for her children and to serve her community. Once again called to public service, Miki was nominated by Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback to serve as the Kansas bank commissioner, a position she has held since February 2017 and still holds to this day. Miki’s experience as both Kansas State bank commissioner and her time at Farmers and Drovers Bank in Coun-cil Grove satisfies both statutory re-quirements with her impressive back-ground in public service and the pri-vate sector. Community banks are an important part of communities and small cities across the country. They extend credit for homes, small businesses, and farm equipment, while also sponsoring Lit-tle League Baseball teams and the school band. In addition, Miki understands the role that relationships play in the ap-proach to business. In rural Kansas and across America, community banks act as economic engines, leveraging rela-tionships with local community mem-bers that rely on trust and honesty. Miki could tell story after story about the friendships and high level of trust she has built with her customers. It is a different kind of banking and one that will help make certain that rural America can thrive well into the future. I urge my colleagues to vote tomor-row in favor of Miki Bowman to serve on the Federal Reserve Board of Gov-ernors so we can bring her experience and unique perspectives to the Federal Reserve Board. I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. S. 140 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, we fi-nally have the Coast Guard bill here. I want to urge our colleagues to support the passage of the Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 2018. We have worked on it and passed it through committee. We have been in intensive discussions with the House, and finally, the final prod-uct is here. Coast Guard personnel live by the motto ‘‘Always Ready.’’ Just last month, I saw firsthand how Coast Guard efforts in protecting life and property followed Hurricane Michael up in the Panhandle of Florida. Coast Guard ships, planes, and helicopters came from across the country to help hundreds of people on the Florida coastline and inland, and the Coast Guard, as always, was there to assist— ‘‘Always Ready,’’ their motto. In Pan-ama City, the shallow-water response teams provided food, water, and oxygen and ensured the relocation of over 130 nursing home residents, 35 of whom were bedridden, and they saw them to safety and medical care as far away as Pensacola. The Coast Guard also con-ducted damage assessments to facili-tate the reopening of the Florida wa-terways and ports. This isn’t some-thing new; the Coast Guard provided similar efforts to Florida, the U.S. Vir-gin Islands, and Puerto Rico following Hurricanes Irma and Maria last fall. If there is a disaster, aside from the Federal Agency tasked—FEMA—you can bet your boots that the Coast Guard is going to be there. During just 5 weeks of the 2017 hurricane season a year ago, the Coast Guard saved over 11,000 people and more than 1,000 pets and mobilized nearly 3,000 personnel. For Hurricane Maria alone, a year ago, the Coast Guard deployed over 500 per-sonnel, 7 helicopters, 17 planes, and 14 cutters. And you know the devastation that Hurricane Maria did on the island of Puerto Rico. On behalf of Floridians, I thank the Coast Guard for their hurricane re-sponse and invaluable assistance pro-vided to storm victims. We owe the Coast Guard our gratitude for their readiness and service to the Nation. When mariners are out in their fishing boats and get stranded out in the ocean, who are they so happily con-tacting but the Coast Guard for rescue? The Coast Guard does much more than just save lives; they also serve as a first line of defense against cartels and smugglers who seek to flood the United States with illegal drugs. Last year, for instance, was a banner year for Coast Guard drug enforcement. They prevented over 200 metric tons of cocaine, valued at over $6 billion, from entering the United States. In Florida, the Coast Guard cutter Mohawk, which is homeported in Key West, confiscated over 7 tons of cocaine in August. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.007 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6908 November 13, 2018 
month later, the Coast Guard cutter Tahoma offloaded 6 tons of cocaine in Port Everglades. And just last month, the Miami-based Coast Guard cutter Bernard C. Webber confiscated over 3,500 pounds of cocaine and 50 pounds of marijuana. The bottom line is that the Coast Guard is an adaptable, responsive mili-tary force that maintains a persistent and comforting presence along our riv-ers, in our ports, on our coastal waters, and on the high seas. I have had the privilege of spending a great deal of time with the Coast Guard. I have been in their helicopters chasing down go-fasts, showing me in a simulated chase how they would shoot out the engines from the open door of a Coast Guard helicopter. I have also done that chase in high-speed, the Coast Guard getting off the cutters into the go-fast—go-fasts that can turn on a dime. At the end of the day, the Coast Guard is going to catch even the speediest boats, and if they can’t catch them with the go-fast small boats, they will catch them from the air. I have been with the Coast Guard up in Alaska, where the Navy has pretty well ceded protection of the seas off of Alaska and up into the Arctic to the Coast Guard. We have a substantial fishing fleet up there. Of course, who do they rely on when they get into trouble? That is why we have a sub-stantial Coast Guard presence in Alas-ka. The bottom line is that the Coast Guard is an incredible force. They are especially present in the State of Flor-ida since we have so much coastline. Nearly 40 percent of all Coast Guard personnel are in and around the State of Florida. Down in Key West is the joint task force center—maintained by all agen-cies of the Federal Government—which is tracking the movements of the drug smugglers. If we had more assets in the Caribbean and the Pacific, we would be able to pick up a lot more of the drugs trying to enter and poison our children in the United States. We should do ev-erything we can to support the Coast Guard’s work. That is why we are here today. The bipartisan bill before us will re-authorize the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. It authorizes a $2 billion funding increase for the Coast Guard through fiscal year 2019. This in-cludes new money to help the Coast Guard continue modernizing its aging fleet of cutters and aircraft. A good part of the Coast Guard’s moderniza-tion of their fleet—the new offshore pa-trol cutters are being built by a ship-builder in Florida. This legislation will also better en-able the Coast Guard to execute their missions, provide adequate resources and training to meet operational de-mands, and support servicemembers and their dependents. You should see these Coast Guard bases around the country, even on the Great Lakes. Just think—there are mariners on the Great Lakes. There is a great deal of com-mercial shipping on the Great Lakes. As a result, we have a substantial Coast Guard presence and Coast Guard bases on the Great Lakes. This is a good bill, and we can be proud of it. Passing it will ensure that the Coast Guard has the tools they need to continue to carry out their many important missions, including the lifesaving and disaster response roles on which so many Americans have come to rely. When they call, they know they can depend on the Coast Guard. I urge our colleagues to support this motion for cloture and then tomorrow to support the final passage of the bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —AMENDMENT  
NO. 4054 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, amendment No. 4054 be modified with the changes that are at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment, as further modi-fied, is printed in the November 15, 2018, R
ECORD on page S6973.) 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —S.J. RES. 65 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, in consultation with the Democratic lead-er, but no later than November 16, Sen-ator P
AULor his designee be recognized to make a motion to discharge S.J. Res. 65; that there be up to an hour of debate on the motion equally divided between the proponents and the oppo-nents; and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote in relation to the motion to dis-charge; further, that if the motion to discharge is agreed to, the joint resolu-tion be eligible for the expedited proce-dures under the act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant bill clerk (Lind-say Gibmeyer) read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to accompany S. 140, an act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund with a further amendment. Mitch McConnell, John Thune, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, Jon Kyl, Tom Cotton, Roger F. Wicker, Thom Tillis, John Boozman, Steve Daines, John Barrasso, David Perdue, Pat Roberts, John Hoeven, Mike Crapo, Lindsey Graham. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 140, an act to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, with the amendment No. 4054, as modified, offered by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M
CCONNELL ], be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 93, nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 240 Leg.] YEAS—93 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Kyl Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—5 
Cardin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Sanders 
NOT VOTING—2 
Isakson McCaskill 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote the yeas are 93, the nays are 5. Three-fifths of Senators duly chosen and sworn having voted in the affirma-tive, the motion is agreed to. The Senator from Montana. 
TRIBUTE TO JASON GLEASON  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, on the heels of Veteran’s Day and in honor of President Trump’s designating Novem-ber 2018 as National Veterans and Mili-tary Families Month, I have the dis-tinct pleasure of recognizing Jason Gleason of Great Falls, MT, for his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 20:31 Nov 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\NOVEMBER\S13NO8.REC S13NO8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6909 November 13, 2018 
dedication to serving veterans in North Central Montana. Jason serves as a nurse practitioner in the Great Falls VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic and has be-come one of the most sought-after ex-perts in veterans’ healthcare. A vet-eran himself, Jason spent 20 years in the Montana Air National Guard, retir-ing as lieutenant colonel. During his time in the Guard, he served as officer in charge of health promotion, medical readiness, staff de-velopment, and as assistant chief nurse, where he gained a great deal of knowledge and experience caring for fellow servicemembers. Jason retired from the Air National Guard in 2015, and since then he has dedicated himself to providing excep-tional healthcare to Montana veterans. He has built and maintained a patient panel that is at 110 percent capacity and has 1,000 patients. When another provider recently retired, he stepped up and took over the patient panel and provided care to another 556 veterans. Jason has worked to improve the overall Montana VA system. He has re-cruited and mentored other nurse prac-titioners, which helped fill critical po-sitions in the VA system. Jason also participated in a VA residency program that trains providers to better serve our women veterans. In 2011, he experienced a deep per-sonal tragedy when his wife of 16 years, Heather, passed away from a stroke, leaving him a widower with three chil-dren. After his wife’s death, he dedi-cated himself to becoming an expert on strokes. He regularly speaks to healthcare providers across the country about stroke prevention and treatment and received the Montana State Depart-ment of Health and Human Services Stroke Hero of the Year Award. Montana is incredibly lucky to have a healthcare professional like Jason Gleason serving our veterans. He is truly an excellent example of someone who puts service before self. He under-stands that his service to our country did not end with his service in the mili-tary. I want to personally congratulate and thank Jason for his excellent work. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–40, concerning the Army’s proposed Letter (s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of the United Kingdom for defense arti-cles and services estimated to cost $3.5 bil-lion. After this letter is delivered to your of-fice, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–40 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of the United Kingdom. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $1.655 billion. Other $1.845 billion. Total $3.500 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Sixteen (16) H–47 Chinook (Extended Range) Helicopters. Thirty-six (36) T–55–GA–714A Engines (32 installed, 4 spares). Forty-eight (48) Embedded GPS Inertial Navigation Units (32 installed, 16 spares). Twenty (20) Common Missile Warning Sys-tems (16 installed, 4 spares). Twenty-two (22) Radio-Frequency Counter-measures (16 installed, 6 spares). Nineteen (19) Multi-Mode Radars (16 in-stalled, 3 spares). Forty (40) M–134D0T Mini-Guns, plus mounts and tools (32 installed, 8 spares). Forty (40) M240H Machine Guns, plus mounts and tools (32 installed, 8 spares). Non-MDE: Also included are communica-tions equipment; navigation equipment; air-craft survivability equipment; initial train-ing equipment and services; synthetic train-ing equipment; support package including spares and repair parts; special tools and test equipment; aviation ground support equip-ment; safety and air worthiness certifi-cation; technical support; maintenance sup-port; technical and aircrew publications; mission planning system equipment and sup-port; and, project management and govern-ance; U.S. Government and contractor engi-neering and logistics support services; and other related elements of logistic and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Army (UK–B– WTJ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: UK–B–WSY and UK–B–WTN. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex (Classified document provided under sepa-rate cover). (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: October 19, 2018. *As defined in Section 47 (6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  United Kingdom—H–47 Chinook (Extended Range) Helicopters and Accessories The Government of United Kingdom has requested a possible sale of sixteen (16) H–47 Chinook (Extended Range) helicopters; thir-ty-six (36) T–55–GA–714A engines (32 in-stalled, 4 spares); forty-eight (48) embedded GPS inertial navigation units (32 installed, 16 spares); twenty (20) common missile warn-ing systems (16 installed, 4 spares); twenty- two (22) radio-frequency countermeasures (16 installed, 6 spares); nineteen (19) multi-mode radars (16 installed, 3 spares); nineteen (19) electro-optical sensor systems (16 installed, 3 spares); forty (40) M–134D–T mini-guns, plus mounts and tools (32 installed, 8 spares); and forty (40) M240H machine guns, plus mounts and tools (32 installed, 8 spares). This sale also includes communications equipment; navigation equipment; aircraft survivability equipment; initial training equipment and services; synthetic training equipment; sup-port package including spares and repair parts; special tools and test equipment; avia-tion ground support equipment; safety and air worthiness certification; technical sup-port; maintenance support; technical and aircrew publications; mission planning sys-tem equipment and support; and, project management and governance; U.S. Govern-ment and contractor engineering and logis-tics support services; and other related ele-ments of logistic and program support. Total estimated cost is $3.5 billion. The United Kingdom is a close NATO ally and an important partner on critical foreign policy and defense issues. The proposed sale will enhance U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives by enhancing the United Kingdom’s capabilities to provide national defense and contribute to NATO and coali-tion operations. The proposed sale will improve the United Kingdom’s ability to meet current and fu-ture threats by providing a heavy lift rotary wing capability able to execute missions in extreme environments across a full range of military operations. The United Kingdom will have no difficulty absorbing these heli-copters into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor of this sale will be Boeing Defense and Space, Ridley Park, PA. There is no known offset agreement as-sociated with this proposed sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require approximately 29–32 U.S. Govern-ment personnel and 26 contractors assigned to the United Kingdom plus 3 equivalent man years TDY to support fielding and ini-tial sustainment for a duration of 3–5 years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the October 10, 2018, vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on Executive Calendar No. 640, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13NO6.012 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6910 November 13, 2018 
Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 640, Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to invoke cloture on Execu-tive Calendar No. 641, Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attor-ney General. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 641, Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 1007, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 1081, Ryan Nelson, of Idaho, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 1082, Richard Sullivan, of New York, to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit. I would have voted yes. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 627, William Ray II, of Geor-gia, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 628, Liles Clifton Burke, of Alabama, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 629, Michael Juneau, of Lou-isiana, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 634, Mark Norris, Sr., of Ten-nessee, to be U.S. District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 638, Eli Richardson, of Ten-nessee, to be U.S. District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. I would have voted no. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the October 11, 2018, vote on the motion to confirm Executive Cal-endar No. 894, Thomas Kleeh, of West Virginia, to be U.S. District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia. I would have voted yes. 
f 
REMEMBERING PRIVATE FIRST CLASS MATTHEW A. COX Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a fallen soldier from Iowa, PFC Matthew A. Cox. Private Cox, of Leon, joined the Iowa National Guard in October 2017 after completing home-schooling. He was a member of the Iowa National Guard’s 186th Military Police Company and had deployed to Cuba to support the joint military task force at Guan-tanamo Bay. Matthew Cox enjoyed par-ticipating in the children’s ministry at 1st Baptist Church in Urbandale. He was inspired to join the National Guard by his grandfather and enjoyed farming with his grandparents. His family and friends describe him as an outstanding young man, always willing to help oth-ers. While in the National Guard, Mat-thew Cox was awarded the National De-fense Service Medal and the Army Service Ribbon. He died at the age of 19 in a swimming accident. My prayers are with his parents, Jason and Beth Cox, as well as his brother Mark Cox and his grandparents Fred and Linda Cox. Our country owes a debt of gratitude to Matthew Cox and all those who make the choice to serve a cause greater than themselves. His service to our State of Iowa and to the Nation will always be remembered. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER DAVID TINSLEY Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize and honor the extraordinary service and sacrifice of Fort Wayne Police officer David Tinsley. His life was characterized by humility, selflessness, and commit-ment to his community. Born in Bloomington, IN, David grad-uated from Owen Valley High School in Spencer in 1986 before going on to earn a bachelor’s degree from Ball State University. In 2002, David began his work as a police officer in Fort Wayne, receiving his southeast division second shift assignment shortly thereafter. In 2005, David switched to the overnight shift, continuing his law enforcement service. For 16 years, David valiantly put his life on the line as a member of the Fort Wayne Police Department to protect those in the Fort Wayne com-munity. David is remembered fondly by his fellow officers. Fort Wayne Police Chief Steve Reed called him a ‘‘cop’s cop’’ and, at David’s funeral, told the many people gathered that David was looked up to by those in the depart-ment. Pastor Thomas Eggold recog-nized David’s selflessness, his willing-ness to sacrifice his time and be of as-sistance. Pastor Eggold also called David quiet and soft-spoken, a sincere and humble man of God. David’s friends knew him as caring and com-passionate, a loyal and genuine friend, but also as a tough and courageous man. He enjoyed music and was taking lessons to learn to play the bagpipes. On Monday, September 10, 2018, David and an officer in training began pursuing what appeared to be a stolen vehicle. Eventually, the pair got out of the car and, with a police canine, searched the area on foot before arrest-ing the suspect. On the way back to the squad car, David collapsed, suffering a heart attack, and died shortly there-after. Known to be a loyal and loving father and husband who cared immensely for his family and beloved by many, David is survived by his wife Kristina Tinsley; his children, Tyler, Ian, and Lexie; parents Albert and Bonnie Tinsley; siblings, Albert, Lane, and Scott; and many other relatives and friends. Through his work as a Fort Wayne Police Department officer, David put the safety and well-being of his fellow Hoosiers above his own every day. He exemplified the very best of Hoosier values, and the Fort Wayne community is eternally grateful for his years of service keeping it safe. Let us honor the legacy he left for us and strive to emulate his commitment to serving his fellow citizens. f 
TRIBUTE TO SERGEANT BRENT PATTERSON Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize SGT Brent Patterson of Frostburg, MD, for his outstanding service to our Nation. As a U.S. Army infantryman, Sergeant Patterson dis-tinguished himself for his personal valor during the global war on terror while deployed in Iraq for 15 months as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom and in Afghanistan for 12 months as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. During his final deployment in Afghanistan’s Charkh District, Sergeant Patterson was wounded on three separate occa-sions and was subsequently awarded three Purple Hearts. On December 9, 2010, Sergeant Pat-terson and his squad were attacked while operating a traffic control point in the Charkh Bazaar. With significant injuries from a grenade to his upper body and while under fire, Sergeant Patterson ignored his own safety in order to drag his severely wounded squad leader to safety and direct his re-maining squad members into defensive positions. After first aid and medical transport had been arranged for his squad leader, Sergeant Patterson and three other members of his squad ac-companied the transport on foot to their command outpost to provide pro-tection against additional attacks. Having secured his squad leader and team at their command post, Sergeant Patterson was treated for his injuries and returned to his post the following day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.011 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6911 November 13, 2018 
On July 24, 2011, Sergeant Patterson and three members of his squad were conducting security at the Charkh Ba-zaar when an improvised explosive de-vice detonated, collapsing the building in which they were positioned. As his platoon sergeant radioed for medical assistance, Sergeant Patterson con-ducted a search for the remaining members of the squad and administered first aid. He and two other members of his squad were medevac’d to Forward Operating Base Shank to receive treat-ment for traumatic brain injuries. On August 5, 2011, on Sergeant Pat-terson’s second day back after 2 weeks of treatment and observation for his injuries, he and his squad were again conducting security in the bazaar when a grenade was tossed into his position, landing on his shoulder and coming to rest near his back. The grenade deto-nated, resulting in significant injuries to Sergeant Patterson and three other members of his squad. Sergeant Patter-son ignored the heavy bleeding from his own back and administered first aid to his platoon leader and provided as-sistance to medics treating the other wounded soldiers. Sergeant Patterson was admitted to Frostburg State University in western Maryland in 2016. He is on course to graduate next May with a bachelor’s degree in materials engineering with a minor in math and physics. He con-tinues to have significant pain from shrapnel in his back, arms, neck, and shoulder, but he refuses to take pain medication so he can remain focused like a laser beam on his studies. For his capstone course in engineering, Sergeant Patterson is the project lead-er on converting organic material— nanocellulose—from trees and turning it into a compound that is lighter and stronger than Kevlar for use in flak jackets and vests for law enforcement officers and military personnel. This project has been accepted for presen-tation at the 2018 Materials Science and Technology Conference in Colum-bus, OH. This past Sunday was Veterans Day, and it was the 100th anniversary of the armistice which ended World War I. We owe so much to our servicemen and servicewomen, to our veterans, to those who gave ‘‘the last full measure of devotion,’’ and to their families. Re-paying that debt begins with gratitude. I encourage my colleagues to join me in expressing the Senate’s sincere ap-preciation to Sergeant Brent Patterson for his distinguished service to our Na-tion, our congratulations on his aca-demic achievement, and our best wish-es for his continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHIGAN’S VETERANS Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, today I wish to pay special tribute to the nearly 600,000 Michigan residents who have proudly served in our Na-tion’s Armed Forces. Today’s veterans have served on many fronts, from the beaches of Nor-mandy and Iwo Jima, to the rice fields of Korea, to the jungles of Vietnam, to the Cold War, to the deserts of the Per-sian Gulf, to the fight against ter-rorism in Afghanistan and Iraq, and right here at home. This spirit of service lives on in so many different ways across our State. Whether they are supporting military families, providing help for fellow vet-erans, giving back through religious organizations and community non-profits, or inspiring the next genera-tion while coaching Little League or the local softball team, these patriots show us that service is more than something you do once. Instead, it is a way of life all of us should strive for. Our veterans have done so much for us. It is our solemn duty to keep the promises we have made to them. We must also ensure that our vet-erans receive each and every military honor they have earned while defend-ing our country. I have been so fortu-nate to get to know Jim McCloughan of South Haven, who was awarded the Medal of Honor earlier this year for saving the lives of 10 of his fellow sol-diers during the Vietnam war. Like so many of our veterans, Jim has spent the decades since then continuing to serve his community. I know the sacrifices our veterans made because I have seen it firsthand. My own father served in the Navy dur-ing World War II, and he always said that veterans shouldn’t stand in the back of any line, not for healthcare, education, housing, the chance at a good job, or the military honors, they have earned. He was absolutely right, and I have made it my mission to en-sure that every promise made to our veterans is a promise kept. Michigan’s veterans are the best of us. On this Veterans Day—and every day—we salute them, we honor them, and we thank them for their service. Thank you. f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. NANCY L. SPRUILL Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I wish to honor my constituent, Dr. Nancy L. Spruill, who will be retiring this year after more than 47 years of service to our country. Since 1999, Dr. Spruill has served as Director of Acquisition, Resources and Analysis for the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment. In this capacity, she is responsible for all aspects of A&S’s participation in the Planning, Programming, and Budg-eting and Execution System, the con-gressional process, and the Defense Ac-quisition System. Dr. Spruill serves as the Executive Secretary to the Defense Acquisition Board and is responsible for the timely submission to Congress of reports for Major Defense Acquisition Programs. She performs systematic analysis to improve acquisition policy and edu-cation and leads the Department in de-veloping plans to manage property, plant and equipment, inventory, oper-ating material, supplies/deferred main-tenance, and environmental liabilities. She also manages a broad portfolio of information technology applications and infrastructure supporting the mis-sion of the organization. Dr. Spruill has played a key role in improving the way the Department acquires major automated information systems. A strong advocate of improving the ac-quisition workforce, she works closely with the Defense Acquisition Univer-sity and the rest of the Department in leading and training the thousands of personnel performing cost analysis and financial management for acquisition programs to improve acquisition out-comes. Dr. Spruill graduated with a bachelor of science degree from the University of Maryland in 1971. She joined the Center for Naval Analyses from 1971–83. In 1975, she earned a master of arts in mathematical statistics from George Washington University, followed by a doctorate in 1980. Dr. Spruill served on the staff of the Office of the Secretary of Defense from 1983, first as senior planning, programming, and budget an-alyst in the Manpower, Reserve Affairs, and Logistics Secretariat, and then as Director of Support and Liaison for the Assistant Secretary for Force Manage-ment and Personnel and Senior Oper-ations Research Analyst for the Assist-ant Secretary for Program Analysis and Evaluation. In 1993, Dr. Spruill served as Chief of the Programs and Analysis Division for the Comptroller of the Defense Map-ping Agency. She also served as Acting Deputy Comptroller and was a member of the Reinvention Task Force for the Vice President’s National Performance Review. Dr. Spruill has received many pres-tigious awards, including the Depart-ment of Defense Medal for Distin-guished Civilian Service, the Hammer Award, the Acker Skill in Communica-tions Award, and numerous awards of the Secretary of Defense Medal for Meritorious Civilian Service, the Sec-retary of Defense Medal for Excep-tional Civilian Service, and the Presi-dential Rank Award. A member of the Senior Executive Service since 1995, she has published many papers on her work for the statistical community and the public. Her expertise on these important issues has been invaluable. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Dr. Spruill for her distin-guished service to our country and in wishing her a fulfilling and enjoyable retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATHERINE ‘‘KAY’’ BJORKLUND Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise today in celebration of Kay Bjorklund, Wyoming AARP’s 2018 Andrus Award honoree. Since 2001, the Wyoming chapter of AARP continues to make a positive difference in the lives of senior citizens 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.014 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6912 November 13, 2018 
and their communities, serving out their vision of ‘‘a society in which all people live with dignity and purpose, and fulfill their goals and dreams.’’ The Andrus Award, named after AARP founder Dr. Ethel Percy Andrus, is awarded each year to one person or couple in every State. This award rec-ognizes outstanding individuals who share their experience, talents, and skills to enrich the lives of others. On November 8, 2018, the AARP of Wyoming hosted its Annual Volunteer Recognition Banquet in Casper, hon-oring Kay Bjorklund of Thermopolis. Kay is an ideal choice for this award. She dedicates her life to serving her family, friends, neighbors, and fellow citizens of Thermopolis and Hot Springs County. Kay grew up in Newcastle, WY, where she met her husband, Guy Bjorklund. Before they could marry, Guy left to serve our country in WWII as a U.S. marine. Kay eagerly waited for Guy’s return. Once Guy was home, the two moved to Billings, MT, to marry and start a family. Guy began a career at JC Penney, and in 1955, a company transfer took the family to Thermopolis. Kay had the demanding job of full-time mother to their three children. Gary and Kay were active members of the Community Church where Kay continues to serve on the visitation committee. Once her children started school, Kay worked in banking and became more involved in service to others. Kay raised her family with the strong prin-cipal of giving back to the community. Through her own example, she taught her family to put others first, to ask what they might do to help their friends and neighbors. Guy continued to work for JC Penney until he was presented with the oppor-tunity to open the Thermopolis Hard-ware store. Guy and Kay successfully ran the store until retirement in 1986. They sold Thermopolis Hardware to their daughter and son-in-law, Karen and Dennis Sinclair, who continue to run the business today. Retirement in 1986 allowed Guy and Kay to do what they enjoyed doing together: serving others. Kay will tell you how important it is to stay active if you want to be healthy and happy. Taking her own ad-vice to heart, Kay is an active member of the Kiwanis club and chamber of commerce. Every Wednesday, she vol-unteers at the hospital gift shop. Kay turns 95 next month and drives for Meals on Wheels, delivering dozens of meals and hugs to community seniors. Kay volunteers at the Pioneer Home, an assisted living facility and also plays bridge. She is the highest selling fundraiser for the PEO chapter in Thermopolis. Kay Bjorklund truly represents the Wyoming values of generosity and self-lessness. She is a devoted volunteer, loving mother, and generous friend to all. Kay and her late husband, Guy, have three children, Gary and his wife Dorothy Bjorklund, Karen and her hus-band Dennis Sinclair, and Eric and his wife Terrie Bjorklund, along with eight grandchildren and 13 great-grand-children. Thermopolis is blessed to have this amazing woman and her fam-ily call Hot Springs County home. It is with great honor that I recog-nize this exceptional Wyoming lady. My wife, Bobbi, joins me in extending our congratulations to Kay Bjorklund for receiving this special award from the AARP of Wyoming. 
f 
300TH ANNIVERSARY OF FALMOUTH, MAINE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 300th anni-versary of the town of Falmouth, ME. As one of the oldest communities in Maine, Falmouth holds a very special place in our State’s history and one that exemplifies the determination and resiliency of our people. While this landmark anniversary marks Falmouth’s incorporation, the year 1718 was but one milestone in a long journey of progress. It is a journey that began thousands of years earlier with Native American villages on the shores of Casco Bay. In 1623, just 3 years after the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock, Christopher Levett es-tablished a settlement on an island in the Bay and became friends with the Presumpscot Tribe. During the decades that followed, a robust settlement of farms, fishing boats, and sawmills de-veloped and thrived. Due to the abun-dance of tall white pine trees, Fal-mouth became a leading manufacturer of ship masts for the British navy. Falmouth is a town defined by hard work and a love of freedom. In 1775, the townspeople rose up in protest of colo-nial rule, and British forces retaliated by burning Falmouth to the ground. Undaunted, Falmouth rebuilt and sent a company of patriots to join the fight for American independence. During the Civil War, more than 100 of Falmouth’s young men fought, and many died, so that all might live in freedom. The new Falmouth Veterans Memorial, made possible by widespread community sup-port, honors all who have served our country. Today, Falmouth is a place of thriv-ing commerce, quiet neighborhoods, and beautiful scenery. Its schools are among the best in our State, providing opportunity to its young people. At the same time, Falmouth is home to an ac-tive and engaged senior community. This anniversary is not just about something that is measured in calendar years. It is a celebration of people who for more than three centuries have pulled together, cared for one another, and built a great community that is a wonderful place to live, work, and raise families. Thanks to those who came be-fore, Falmouth has a wonderful his-tory. Thanks to those who are here today, it has a bright future. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF AUDUBON GREENWICH ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Audubon Greenwich as it celebrates 75 years of dedication to the protection and pres-ervation of local bird species and their habitats. Founded in 1943, the organization began as the Greenwich Main Sanc-tuary, thanks to the property gifted by Eleanor and Hall Clovis. This sanc-tuary is recognized as the National Au-dubon Society’s first educational na-ture center. Two years later, Audubon Greenwich expanded thanks to the do-nation of the Fairchild Wildflower Sanctuary by Mrs. Elon Huntington Hooker and garden clubs in the area. For three-quarters of a century, Au-dubon Greenwich has continued to ex-pand its impact on protecting local wildlife. Today, 686 acres of protected habitat, including seven sanctuaries, provide protection for many species of birds. Though the organization’s under-lying focus is to support Important Bird Areas and protect bird species of concern, Audubon Greenwich has an even wider ranging set of goals. As part of the National Audubon Society, they advocate for far-reaching innovative steps to reduce the impact of global climate change, prevent air and water pollution, and reduce pesticide use, among other missions. One of the most notable aspects of Audubon Greenwich is how accessible it is to the public. For 75 years, the sanctuaries have welcomed people to visit and explore, appreciating the pre-served areas and the wildlife that re-sides there. Audubon Greenwich now sees over 20,000 visitors every year. The sanctuaries, nature center, and trails provide many opportunities for public learning and enjoyment, enhanced by the organization’s nature education programs for children and adults. Audubon Greenwich boasts an array of bodies of water, forests, an apple or-chard, and even original New England homestead buildings. Their conserva-tion efforts play a vital role in keeping Greenwich and the surrounding area safe for wildlife and well preserved. Dedicated to preserving the past and preparing natural ecosystems and peo-ple for the future, Audubon Greenwich is a positive model for environmental education and wildlife conservation. I applaud its accomplishments and hope my colleagues will join me in con-gratulating Audubon Greenwich on 75 years of excellence.∑ 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CON-NECTICUT COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS AND OPPORTU-NITIES ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Con-necticut Commission on Human Rights 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.017 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6913 November 13, 2018 
and Opportunities, CHRO, as they cele-brate 75 years of dedication to elimi-nating discrimination and seeking equal opportunity for everyone throughout the State regardless of their gender, race, nationality, sexual orientation, disability, or other per-sonal characteristics. Founded in 1943 as the Inter-racial Commission, the commission is the oldest State-sponsored civil rights agency in the United States. Origi-nally, it researched ways to provide equal opportunities and employment to everyone in Connecticut. Thanks to the Fair Employment Practices Act, which the State implemented in 1947, the commission was provided the legal authority to investigate employment discrimination complaints, conduct hearings, and enforce the law. Throughout the years, CHRO juris-diction has expanded, including re-search, public education, and working with other groups in order to enact positive change. The commission’s re-search division helped lay the ground-work for greater civil rights laws in Connecticut. The agency changed its name during the peak of the American civil rights movement after Governor John Dempsey responded in 1967 to Martin Luther King, Jr.’s ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech by calling a Governor’s conference on human rights and oppor-tunities to put words into action. Now able to help with individual complaints, CHRO works to ensure compliance with Connecticut human rights laws, including those requiring affirmative action in State agency per-sonnel practices and State contract compliance laws. The agency further assists the people of Connecticut by bringing civil enforcement efforts against illegal discrimination in public accommodations, housing, employ-ment, and credit transactions. Over the past three-quarters of a century, the commission has unfailingly sought to achieve its goals for the benefit of every person in the State. Tirelessly devoted to eradicating dis-crimination and creating justice and equal opportunity for all Connecticut residents, CHRO is a catalyst for posi-tive change. I applaud the commis-sion’s accomplishments and hope my colleagues will join me in congratu-lating the Connecticut Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities on their 75 years of advocacy, education, research, and assistance.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING A.G. RUSSELL III ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Mr. A.G. Russell III, a dear friend and respected entrepreneur and innovator who called Arkansas home and built a renowned knife and cutlery business that continues to thrive today. He passed away last month at the age of 85, leaving behind his devoted wife Goldie and many who admired and respected him from near and afar. A.G. Russell was born in Eudora, a small town in southeast Arkansas. Like my own father, A.G.’s dad served in World War II, and the family moved around several times throughout his childhood. From an early age, he be-came interested in knives, so much so that he even recalled sketching designs in the margins of his schoolbooks. At 9 years old, A.G. made his first knife with the help of his grandfather. He continued practicing the craft as a hobby into adulthood and eventually turned his passion into a business that grew exponentially, vaulting him to ce-lebrity status among knife producers and collectors. By the mid–1960s, Rus-sell had set up shop in Springdale, AR, and began a journey that would define his life’s work and calling. What first began as an operation sell-ing Arkansas whetstones used for sharpening knives grew to include pro-duction of pocket knives and cutlery, first through a mail-order operation and then expanding to internet sales. A.G. worked tirelessly to launch the enterprise and perfect his craft as a knifemaker, enjoying tremendous suc-cess and always emphasizing quality over quantity. Excellent customer service has been a hallmark of A.G. Russell Knives from day one. A.G. was a pioneer in the industry, earning the respect and admiration of his peers while receiving numerous awards and recognition, including his induction into the Knife Digest Cutlery Hall of Fame in 1974. He also helped found the Knifemakers’ Guild and was named its honorary president in 1970. While he accomplished so much in his career, A.G. Russell also had a big heart and enjoyed giving back. He loved Goldie. He marveled at how quickly she learned the ins and outs of the retail knife business and was over-joyed as she helped the company reach new heights of success. Drawing from his own military expe-rience and that of his dad’s, A.G. was a patriot who recognized how vital it is to support our troops. In 2004, he orga-nized the ‘‘War on Troop Boredom,’’ an effort to provide care packages that in-cluded books, DVDs, pocket-sized Con-stitutions, and other items to servicemembers stationed in the Mid-dle East. No one can accuse A.G. Russell of not having lived a full life. He built a re-markable career out of his passion, helping to reshape an industry and be-come one of its icons. Through it all, he stayed humble, genuine, and ful-filled. He perfected the craft he loved so much while continually meeting and exceeding his customers’ expectations. We will miss A.G. terribly. His warmth and humility are sometimes hard to come by these days. Simply put, there was no one quite like A.G. Russell III, and we mourn this tremen-dous loss. His family, his community, and the industry he stood atop of now know a void that cannot be easily filled, if ever, but his legacy will en-dure for many years to come. I extend my sincere condolences to them and join with so many in cele-brating A.G.’s life and career. I will fondly remember his impact, his story, and most importantly, his character and generosity as a lasting tribute to my friend and a man I respected so much.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. RAY STOWERS ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and congratulate Dr. Ray E. Stowers, the recipient of the prestigious American Osteopathic Foundation, AOF, Lifetime Achieve-ment Award. This honor is awarded to outstanding osteopathic doctors who have made substantial contributions to the profession and exemplified a life-time of commitment to the practice. Receiving the award at the AOF honors gala, Dr. Stowers humbly said, ‘‘Pro-fessionally, there’s always a sense of appreciation for being recognized by your profession and for that I’m very grateful.’’ I am grateful for Dr. Stowers’ passion for improving community health and his achievements on this front. Following the completion of his doc-tor of osteopathic medicine degree, Dr. Stowers served rural Kansas and Okla-homa for 25 years, establishing five rural health clinics and acting as the only physician for a 300–mile radius. With his passion for rural medicine, he went on to establish the Oklahoma Rural Health Policy and Research Cen-ter to promote clinical training and telemedicine. This kind of dedication and innovative thinking demonstrates Dr. Stowers’ expertise and desire to help those in underserved areas. Dr. Stowers, the proud father of four children and nine grandchildren, has been named Family Physician of the Year by the American College of Osteo-pathic Family Physicians, Physician of the Year by the Tennessee Osteopathic Medical Association, and was awarded the Distinguished Service Certificate by the American Osteopathic Associa-tion. His educational outreach is inspiring. Dr. Stowers founded the Lincoln Me-morial University-DeBusk College of Osteopathic Medicine, and its audito-rium has been named in his honor. Ad-ditionally, he acted as the associate dean for rural health at Oklahoma State University and now serves as the dean of osteopathic medicine and vice president at the Arkansas Colleges of Health Education, the first and only private institution devoted exclusively to healthcare and wellness. When speaking of his incredible lead-ership accomplishments as, president of the American Osteopathic Associa-tion and Oklahoma Osteopathic Asso-ciation, Dr. Stowers said, ‘‘I was just getting into a position to make a dif-ference with the way things are. The thing that’s driven me the most is looking where I could make the biggest difference.’’ The world needs more men of the caliber and character of Dr. Stowers. He is a transformative, influ-ential leader in the field of osteopathic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.020 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6914 November 13, 2018 
medicine. His continued efforts ‘‘serv-ing the underserved and promoting a healthier Arkansas’’ will help improve countless lives and communities. I extend my sincere congratulations to Dr. Stowers on this honor and thank him for dedicating his career to pro-viding outstanding care and service to all patients. We can be tremendously proud of his accomplishments and look forward to his further contributions and leadership.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GENO MARTINI ∑Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I come forward today to recognize the mayor of the city of Sparks, Geno Mar-tini, who, after years of dedicated serv-ice, announced his retirement this year. Mayor Martini was born on January 19, 1946, in Reno. Three days later, he returned to his family’s home in Sparks and has never left the city since. Every day during his childhood, he would walk to school down an old dirt road and even played Little League baseball where Sparks City Hall now stands. He was student body president and graduated from Sparks High School and the University of Ne-vada, going on to work in the banking industry for three decades. Both Mayor Martini and Sparks have come a long way since his childhood days. That old dusty road he walked down is now Prater Way, one of the main routes connecting Sparks’ estab-lished neighborhoods with new shop-ping, entertainment, and business op-portunities on the east side of the city. Downtown Sparks is benefitting from private investment and revitalization that is also helping address the re-gion’s housing shortage. The success of these projects and the benefits they bring to the city of Sparks are due in no small part to the hard work and leadership of Mayor Martini. In 1998, Martini left the banking in-dustry to serve on the Sparks City Council until 2005. He was then elected mayor serving full terms in 2006, 2010, and 2014, making him the longest serv-ing mayor of Sparks in the city’s his-tory. He has gone above and beyond his mayoral duties and served on the Truckee Meadows Water Authority Board of Directors, the Nevada League of Cities and Municipalities, the Board of Directors Regional Planning Gov-erning Board, the Western Regional Water Commission, and the City of Sparks Legislative Team. Mayor Martini’s commitment to the city of Sparks extended to all of its residents. He performed community service in underserved communities and passed out Thanksgiving turkeys to those in need. At the same time, he helped bring opportunity to northern Nevada by paving the way for new busi-nesses and development around the Sparks Marina, Legends Mall, and Vic-torian Avenue. Mayor Martini has guided the city of Sparks through both tumultuous economic times and the area’s highest growth periods. During his tenure, Sparks has seen an addi-tional 1 million square feet of retail space open for business. It is no wonder that Mayor Martini has been repeatedly recognized for his leadership, receiving the 2017 Citizen of the Year Award from the Reno Gazette Journal, the 2016 Public Official of the Year from the Nevada League of Cities and Municipalities, the Citizen of the Year Award and Lifetime Achievement Award from the Sparks Chamber, and was inducted into the Junior Achieve-ment Business Hall of Fame, as well as numerous other accolades that recog-nize his commitment to serving the people of Sparks. In 2012, Mayor Martini was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. Despite these challenging circumstances, he has never wavered in his commitment to public service and the people of Sparks. He won reelection in 2014 and stead-fastly served out his entire term, ce-menting his legacy as a genuine public servant committed to pragmatic gov-ernance and hard work. Today, I celebrate the many con-tributions of Mayor Martini to the city of Sparks and to the northern Nevada community. His service is as an exam-ple to all of us who wish to know, serve, and better our communities. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING REVEREND BERTHA L. GIVENS ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, today I would like to take a moment to recog-nize and honor the life of Rev. Bertha L. Givens, a great South Carolinian, who departed this life on September 22, 2018. Reverend Givens was a well-re-spected and universally loved leader of her local Green Pond community, as well as Colleton County as a whole. Reverend Givens served as a sup-portive and devoted matriarch not only to her husband of 48 years, her chil-dren, and extended family, but also to dozens of foster children and children in the community over the years. Addi-tionally, Reverend Givens was known to provide counsel and comfort to each and every member of the community who came to her, and countless individ-uals benefitted from her wisdom, gentle voice, and unfaltering faith. As a reverend, she lived a life of im-peccable integrity in ministry. She served for many years as a class leader and associate pastor at Mt. Olive A.M.E. in Green Pond, worked in pris-on outreach ministry, and took on many other positions of church leader-ship. She also founded the major com-munity outreach program, Harvest Day, which gives away produce and preserves, as well as teaches God’s word to members of the community. She did this for over 30 years, desiring no fanfare or recognition, which only highlights her strong Christian devo-tion and conviction. Reverend Givens will surely be missed by all of those that had the pleasure to know her and in the Green Pond community especially. Her life and legacy provide an example of true Christian selflessness and spirit to all. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES ‘‘JIM’’ FRENCH ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I would like to wish Mr. James ‘‘Jim’’ French of Charleston, SC, a happy 92nd birth-day. Mr. French, a committed, passionate, and award-winning journalist, served as a U.S. Navy chief journalist for 26 years. After retiring, he founded the Charleston Chronicle in 1971. His work at the Charleston Chronicle, focused on offering solutions for problems within the African-American community and successfully led to the paper receiving hundreds of awards from organizations throughout the Lowcountry and Na-tion. Mr. French’s legacy will forever be defined not just by his work and serv-ice, but by all of the many people he has touched in the Charleston commu-nity. I would like to recognize Mr. French for his service to our country and our amazing State; he truly represents the very best of South Carolina. Happy 92nd birthday, Mr. French. May God bless you.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on October 12, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) had signed the following en-rolled bills: 
S. 3021. An act to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to provide for water pollution control activi-ties, and for other purposes. H.R. 6. An act to provide for opioid use dis-order prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bills were signed on October 12, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.022 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6915 November 13, 2018 
2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. R
OBERTS ). 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on October 23, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) had signed the following en-rolled bills: 
S. 1595. An act to amend the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 to impose additional sanctions with re-spect to Hizballah, and for other purposes. H.R. 1037. An act to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its en-virons, and for other purposes. H.R. 3834. An act to provide that members of public safety agencies who died of 9/11-re-lated health conditions are eligible for the Presidential 9/11 Heroes Medal of Valor, and for other purposes. H.R. 6758. An act to direct the Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Prop-erty and Director of the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration, to study and provide recommendations to promote the participa-tion of women, minorities, and veterans in entrepreneurship activities and the patent system, to extend by 8 years the Patent and Trademark Office’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges, and for other purposes. H.R. 6870. An act to rename the Stop Trad-ing on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012 in honor of Representative Louise McIntosh Slaughter. H.R. 6896. An act to provide for the contin-ued performance of the functions of the United States Parole Commission, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bills were signed on October 23, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that pursuant to section 1652(b) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Cyberspace So-larium Commission: Mr. G
ALLAGHER of Wisconsin; And from private life: Ms. Samantha Ravich of Alexandria, Vir-ginia and Mr. Frank Cilluffo of Oakton, Virginia. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on October 12, 2018, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 3021. An act to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to provide for water pollution control activi-ties, and for other purposes. The Secretary of the Senate reported that on October 23, 2018, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1595. An act to amend the Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 to impose additional sanctions with re-spect to Hizballah, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6793. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the 2017 annual report on the Farm Credit System; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6794. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tetrahydrofurfuryl Alcohol; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9984–70) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 19, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6795. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyroxasulfone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9983–29) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 19, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6796. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Prothioconazole; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9984–63) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6797. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Boscalid; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9979–17) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6798. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9984–71) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6799. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyraclostrobin; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9980–56) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6800. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Etoxazole; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9983–96) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 19, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6801. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Supplemental Agricultural Disaster Assistance Programs, Payment Limitation and Payment Eligibility’’ (RIN0560–AH69) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6802. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Irish Pota-toes Grown in Certain Designated Counties in Idaho, and Malheur County, Oregon; Modi-fication of Handling Regulations’’ ((7 CFR Part 945) (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0077; SC18– 945–1 FR)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6803. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘United States Standards for Grades of Pecans’’ ((7 CFR Part 51) (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0101; SC17–331)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6804. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tart Cher-ries Grown in the States of Michigan, et al.; Free and Restricted Percentages of the 2017– 18 Crop Year for Tart Cherries’’ ((7 CFR Part 930) (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0071; SC18–930–1 FR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6805. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazelnuts Grown in Oregon and Washington; Order Amending Marketing Order No. 982’’ ((7 CFR Part 982) (Docket No. AMS–AO–16–0136; SC16– 982–1)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6806. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Livestock and Poultry Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Soybean Promotion and Research: Amend the Order to Adjust Representation on the United Soybean Board’’ ((7 CFR Part 1220) (Docket No. AMS–LPS–18–0015)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6807. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.029 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6916 November 13, 2018 
Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘General Regulations for Federal Fruit, Vegetable, and Specialty Crop Marketing Agreements and Orders; Electronic Mailing of Notice of Hearing’’ ((7 CFR Part 900) (Docket No. AMS–SC–18–0066; SC18–900–2 FR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 31, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6808. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Changing of Container Re-quirements’’ ((7 CFR Part 906) (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0049; SC17–906–1 FR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 31, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6809. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to violations of the Antideficiency Act; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–6810. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Failure of Contrac-tors, Participating under the DoD Test Pro-gram for a Comprehensive Subcontracting Plan, to Meet Their Negotiated Goals’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6811. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Failure of Contrac-tors, Participating under the DoD Test Pro-gram for a Comprehensive Subcontracting Plan, to Meet Their Negotiated Goals’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6812. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Homeland Defense and Global Security), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Wildfire Suppres-sion Capabilities of Active and Reserve Com-ponents’’; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–6813. A communication from the Assist-ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, four (4) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Defense, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6814. A communication from the Assist-ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, five (5) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Defense, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6815. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral James W. Crawford III, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice ad-miral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6816. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral John D. Bansemer, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6817. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral Kurt W. Tidd, United States Navy, and his advance-ment to the grade of admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6818. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of vice admiral in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777a, for a period not to exceed 14 days before assum-ing the duties of the position for which the higher grade is authorized, this will not cause the Department to exceed the number of frocked officers authorized; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–6819. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6820. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6821. A communication from the Doc-trine Analyst, Department of the Army, De-partment of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Com-petition with Civilian Bands’’ ((RIN0702– AA83) (32 CFR Part 508)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 12, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6822. A communication from the Prin-cipal Director, Defense Pricing and Con-tracting, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Mentor-Protege Program Modifica-tion’’ ((RIN0750–AJ25) (DFARS Case 2017– D016)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 30, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6823. A communication from the Prin-cipal Director, Defense Pricing and Con-tracting, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Repeal of DFARS Provision ‘Bonds or Other Security’’’ ((RIN0750–AJ98) (DFARS Case 2018–D049)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 30, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–6824. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, with re-spect to significant narcotics traffickers cen-tered in Colombia; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6825. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency originally declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, with respect to the situation in, or in rela-tion to, the Democratic Republic of the Congo; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6826. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of the national emergency with re-spect to Sudan as declared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6827. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order with respect to Venezuela that takes additional steps with respect to the national emergency de-clared in Executive Order 13692 on March 8, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6828. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to So-malia that was declared in Executive Order 13536 on April 12, 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6829. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a semiannual report detailing telecommuni-cations-related payments made to Cuba pur-suant to Department of the Treasury li-censes; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6830. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015, with respect to Burundi; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6831. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6832. A communication from the Chair-man, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Strategic Plan for fiscal years 2018–2022; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6833. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, Export-Import Bank of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a vacancy in the position of First Vice President, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6834. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of In-vestment Security, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Provisions Per-taining to Certain Investments in the United States by Foreign Persons’’ (RIN1505–AC60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6835. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of In-vestment Security, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Determination and Temporary Provisions Pertaining to a Pilot Program to Review Certain Transactions In-volving Foreign Persons and Critical Tech-nologies’’ (RIN1505–AC61) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 11, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6836. A communication from the Sec-retary, Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulation Crowdfunding and Regulation A Relief and Assistance for Victims of Hurricane Mi-chael’’ (Rel. No. 33–10567) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6837. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Responsibilities of Boards of Directors, Corporate Practices, and Corporate Governance’’ (RIN2590–AA90) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.044 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6917 November 13, 2018 
EC–6838. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to discre-tionary appropriations legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. EC–6839. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on appropriations legislation within seven days of enactment; to the Committee on the Budget. EC–6840. A communication from the Chair-man, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The 2018 Radiation Source Protection and Security Task Force Report’’; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6841. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Approval of Sulfur Dioxide Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9985– 13–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–6842. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Designations for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards: Error Corrections’’ (FRL No. 9985–35– OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6843. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Attainment Plan for the Warren County, Pennsylvania Nonattainment Area for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide Primary National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9985–26–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–6844. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9983–55–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6845. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Attainment by the Attainment Date and Clean Data Determina-tion for the Logan, UT–ID 2006 24-Hour PM2.5 Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9985–28–Re-gion 8 and Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6846. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants: Manufacture of Amino/Phenolic Resins Risk and Technology Review Reconsideration’’ (FRL No. 9985–37– OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6847. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Water Quality Standards; Withdrawal of Certain Federal Water Quality Criteria Applicable to California: Lead, Chloro-dibromomethane and Dichlorobromo-methane’’ (FRL No. 9985–34–OW) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6848. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Expedited Approval of Alternative Test Procedures for the Analysis of Contami-nants under the Safe Drinking Water Act; Analysis and Sampling Procedures’’ (FRL No. 9985–19–OW) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 12, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6849. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; North Carolina; Update to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9974–83–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 19, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6850. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Wisconsin; VOC Definition Update and Removal of Obso-lete Gasoline Vapor Recovery Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9985–30–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6851. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Louisiana’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure (RVP) Gasoline Standard for the Baton Rouge Area’’ (FRL No. 9985–76–OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 19, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6852. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Author-ity to Oklahoma’’ (FRL No. 9985–49–REgion 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6853. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘North Dakota: Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revisions and Incorporation by Ref-erence of Approved State Hazardous Waste Management Program’’ (FRL No. 9982–08–Re-gion 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6854. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9985–55) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6855. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9985–56) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6856. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applications for Nuclear Power Plants’’ (Regulatory Guide 1.206, Revi-sion 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 9, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6857. A communication from the Regu-lations Officer, Federal Highway Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Truck Size and Weight’’ (RIN2125–AF81) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–6858. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Physical Security—Com-bined Licensing and Operating Reactors’’ (NUREG–0800, Chapter 13) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6859. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘State of Wyoming: Discontinuance of Cer-tain Commission Regulatory Authority Within the State; Notice of Agreement Be-tween the NRC and the State of Wyoming’’ ((10 CFR Part 150) (NRC–2018–0104)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 17, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6860. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule to List the Chambered Nautilus as Threatened Under the Endan-gered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XE685) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 18, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–6861. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Physical Security—Piping Systems and Components—Inspections, Tests, Analyses, and Acceptance Criteria’’ (NUREG–0800, Chapter 14.3.3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6862. A communication from the United States Trade Representative, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the intention to initiate negotiations with the United King-dom; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.046 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6918 November 13, 2018 
EC–6863. A communication from the United States Trade Representative, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the intention to initiate negotiations with the European Union (EU); to the Committee on Finance. EC–6864. A communication from the United States Trade Representative, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the intention to initiate negotiations with Japan; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6865. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Rural Community Hospital Demonstration’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6866. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Medicare and Medicaid Integrity Programs for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6867. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018— Title III—Section 20301: Hurricane Maria Re-lief for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands Medicaid Program’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6868. A communication from the Chair-man of the United States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Andean Trade Preference Act (ATPA): Impact on U.S. In-dustries and Consumers and on Drug Crop Eradication and Crop Substitution, 2017’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6869. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6870. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; CY 2019 Inpatient Hos-pital Deductible and Hospital and Extended Care Services Coinsurance Amounts’’ ((RIN0938–AT33) (CMS–8068–N)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6871. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; CY 2019 Part A Pre-miums for the Uninsured Aged and for Cer-tain Disabled Individuals Who Have Ex-hausted Other Entitlement’’ ((RIN0938–AT34) (CMS–8069–N)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6872. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Medicare Part B Month-ly Actuarial Rates, Premium Rates, and An-nual Deductible Beginning January 1, 2019’’ ((RIN0938–AT35) (CMS–8070–N)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6873. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Notification of Change in Certain User Fees for Form 8802’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–50) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6874. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Expenses for Busi-ness Meals under Section 274 of the Internal Revenue Code’’ (Notice 2018–76) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6875. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance on Appli-cation of Sections 355/361 to Distributing’s Use of Controlled Stock/Securities to Retire Debt of Distributing’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–53) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6876. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; CY 2019 Part A Pre-miums for the Uninsured Aged and for Cer-tain Disabled Individuals Who Have Ex-hausted Other Entitlement’’ ((RIN0938–AT34) (CMS–8069–N)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6877. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; CY 2019 Inpatient Hos-pital Deductible and Hospital and Extended Care Services Coinsurance Amounts’’ ((RIN0938–AT33) (CMS–8068–N)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6878. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Special Rules for Capital Gains Invested in Opportunity Zones’’ (Rev. Rul. 2018–29) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 24, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6879. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Single Security Initiative (Section 817)’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–54) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 24, 2018; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–6880. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Notice Regarding Certain Church Plan Clarifications under Section 336 of the PATH Act’’ (Notice 2018– 81) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on October 29, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6881. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance Under Section 36B, 5000A, and 6011 on the Suspen-sion of Personal Exemption Deductions’’ (Notice 2018–84) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 29, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–6882. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of two rules entitled ‘‘Pass-ports: Service Passports’’ (RIN1400–AE01) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 28, 2018; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6883. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the status of the Government of Cuba’s compliance with the United States-Cuba September 1994 ‘‘Joint Communique,’’ and on the treatment of per-sons returned to Cuba in accordance with the United States-Cuba May 1995 ‘‘Joint State-ment,’’ and the United States-Cuba January 2017 ‘‘Joint Statement’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6884. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Iran-Related Mul-tilateral Sanction Regime Efforts’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6885. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services, to the Neth-erlands to support the installation, testing, maintenance, and repair of 35/50mm auto-matic chain guns for end use by the Nether-lands Ministry of Defense in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–033); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–6886. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services, for the man-ufacture of significant military equipment abroad to Japan to manufacture AN/ARC– 182(V) VHF/UHF AM/FM radio sets (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 18–047); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6887. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services, to Canada, the UK, and France for the manufacture of F/A–18A–F and derivative aircraft landing gear assemblies, sub-assemblies, parts, and components in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–026); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6888. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military equipment abroad and the export of defense articles, including technical data and defense services, to the Republic of Korea to support the manufacture, assembly, test, integration, operation, maintenance, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.048 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6919 November 13, 2018 
and repair of the AN/ARC–223A and AN/ARC– 164A Radio Systems and associated equip-ment in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–027); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–6889. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services, to the Neth-erlands to support the installation, testing, maintenance, and repair of 35/50mm auto-matic chain guns for end use by the Nether-lands Ministry of Defense in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–033); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–6890. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munition List of 5.56mm automatic ri-fles and major components to the Israeli MOD to Israel in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–023); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6891. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data and defense services to Mexico to support the assembly and testing of certain F107–WR–105 engine assemblies in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–002); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6892. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0162—2018–0175); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6893. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Admin-istrator for the Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2018; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–6894. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Out-dated and Superseded Regulations—Career and Technical Education National Pro-grams’’ (RIN1830–AA24, 1830–AA25, 1830–AA26, 1830–AA27, 1830–AA28, 1830–AA29, and 1830– AA30) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6895. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Out-dated Regulations—Teacher Quality En-hancement Grants Program and Preparing Tomorrow’s Teachers to Use Technology (PT3) Program’’ (RIN1840–AD33) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6896. A communication from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a pe-tition to add workers who were employed at the Sandia National Laboratories in Albu-querque, New Mexico, to the Special Expo-sure Cohort; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6897. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘An Eval-uation of the Advisory Committee on Immu-nization Practices’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6898. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease: 2018 Update’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6899. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Owner-Participant Changes to Guaranteed Benefits and Asset Alloca-tion’’ (RIN1212–AB24) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6900. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Office of Assistant Sec-retary for Financial Resources, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Annual Civil Monetary Penalties Inflation Adjustment’’ (RIN0991–AC0) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 11, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6901. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additive Regulations; Synthetic Flavoring Agents and Adjuvants’’ ((21 CFR Parts 172 and 177) (Docket No. FDA– 2015–F–4317)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6902. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additives Permitted for Direct Addition to Food for Human Con-sumption; Styrene’’ ((21 CFR Part 172) (Docket No. FDA–2016–F–1444)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6903. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Postsecondary Education, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Out-dated Regulations—Teacher Quality En-hancement Grants Program and Preparing Tomorrow’s Teachers to Use Technology (PT3) Program’’ (RIN1840–AD32 and RIN1840– AD33) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6904. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 23, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6905. A communication from the Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Department of Homeland Security 2018 Privacy Office Annual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6906. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Federal Retirement Thrift In-vestment Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6907. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–454, ‘‘Targeted Historic Pres-ervation Assistance Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6908. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–455, ‘‘Farmer’s Market Meter Fee Elimination Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6909. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–456, ‘‘Housing Production Trust Fund Board Nominee Confirmation Clarification Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6910. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–463, ‘‘Eviction Procedure Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6911. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–469, ‘‘Office of Public-Private Partnerships Delegation of Authority Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–6912. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–470, ‘‘D.C. General Resident Relocation Temporary Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6913. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–466, ‘‘Nonbinary Identification Cards Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–6914. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–467, ‘‘Specialty License Plate Omnibus Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6915. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–468, ‘‘Healthy Parks Amend-ment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6916. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–471, ‘‘Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6917. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–472, ‘‘Public Housing Resident 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.050 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6920 November 13, 2018 
Bill of Rights Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6918. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–473, ‘‘Office of and Commis-sion on Nightlife and Culture Establishment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6919. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–474, ‘‘Mazie Washington Way Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6920. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–475, ‘‘Outlaw Way Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6921. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–476, ‘‘Rev. W.W. Flood Way Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6922. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–477, ‘‘Ben’s Chili Bowl Way Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6923. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–489, ‘‘Tipped Wage Workers Fairness Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6924. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility; North Carolina: Chapel Hill, Town of, Durham and Orange Counties, et al.’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA– 2018–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–6925. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Director of the In-dian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–6926. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary (Intelligence and Analysis), Department of the Treasury, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 17, 2018; to the Select Committee on Intel-ligence. EC–6927. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Survivor’s Bill of Rights Act Working Group Report to Con-gress’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6928. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Survivor’s Bill of Rights Act Working Group Report to Con-gress’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6929. A communication from the Solic-itor General, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Federal Housing Finance Agency’s for- cause removal provision; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6930. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Government Contracting and Business Development, Small Business Administration, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ownership and Control of Service- Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concerns’’ (RIN3245–AG85) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 29, 2018; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–6931. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Pro-gram’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. EC–6932. A communication from the Im-pact Analyst, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Presumption of Herbicide Exposure and Presumption of Dis-ability During Service for Reservists Pre-sumed Exposed to Herbicides’’ (RIN2900– AP43) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2018; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–6933. A communication from the Assist-ant Chief Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Re-moval of Electronically Controlled Pneu-matic Brake System Requirements for High Hazard Flammable Unit Trains’’ (RIN2137– AF35) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 11, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6934. A communication from the Hon-ors Attorney, Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Notification of the Pilot-in-Com-mand and Response to Air Related Petitions for Rulemaking’’ (RIN2137–AF10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6935. A communication from the Attor-ney, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tankers - Automatic Pilot System’’ ((RIN1625–AC27) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0926)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6936. A communication from the Attor-ney, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Draw-bridge Operation Regulation; Atlantic Intra-coastal Waterway, Palm Beach, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0273)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6937. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Bal-last Water Management - Annual Reporting Requirement’’ ((RIN1625–AC45) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0245)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6938. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; Straits of Mackinac’’ ((RIN1625–AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0563)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6939. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; Upper Mis-sissippi River, Sabula Railroad Drawbridge, Mile Marker 535, Sabula, IA’’ ((RIN1625– AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0917)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6940. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River, Cincinnati, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0855)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6941. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Transmission Line Survey, Tennessee River Mile Marker 300 to 302, De-catur, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0937)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6942. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, mile 182.5, St. Louis, MO’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2018–0905)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6943. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; North Hero-Grand Isle Bridge, Lake Champlain, VT’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0682)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6944. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Willamette River, Portland OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0901)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6945. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.052 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6921 November 13, 2018 
of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cape Fear River, Wilmington, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0920)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6946. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, Mile Markers 94 to 95 Above Head of Passes, New Orleans, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0619)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6947. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Intracoastal Waterway, Bis-cayne Bay, Miami, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0731)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6948. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Breton Bay, Leonardtown, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0225)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6949. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Choptank River, Tal-bot and Dorchester Counties, MD’’ ((RIN1625– AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0577)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 15, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6950. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Flight Plan Requirements for Commercial Air Tour Operations Within the Special Flight Rules Area at Grand Canyon National Park’’ (RIN2120–AL22) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6951. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transport Airplane Fuel Tank and System Lightning Protection’’ (RIN2120–AK24) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6952. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (76)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6953. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (31)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6954. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Wooster, OH’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0370)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6955. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for Lancaster, PA and Williamsport, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9377)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6956. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Chicago Class B Airspace and Chi-cago Class C Airspace; Chicago IL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0632)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6957. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class D and E Airspace, and Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Austin, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–9378)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6958. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Reedley, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1200)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6959. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace, Knoxville, TN; and Establishment of Class E Airspace , Madison-ville, TN’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1214)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6960. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace, Belfast, ME’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0199)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6961. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Beaver Falls, PA; and Zelienople, PA’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0954)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6962. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Burlington, WI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0145)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6963. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace; Lewiston, ID’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0896)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6964. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Pensa-cola, FL, and Establishment of Class E Air-space; Milton, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0062)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6965. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Glen Ullin, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0312)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6966. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0804)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6967. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0505)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6968. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.054 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6922 November 13, 2018 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0414)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6969. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0360)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6970. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0497)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6971. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0455)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6972. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0491)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6973. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0358)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6974. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0301)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6975. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0395)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6976. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0417)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6977. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0410)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6978. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0498)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6979. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0583)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6980. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0517)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6981. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0438)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6982. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0905)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6983. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0412)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6984. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1026)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6985. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0127)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6986. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0504)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6987. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0452)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6988. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0127)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6989. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0814)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6990. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0415)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6991. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.056 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6923 November 13, 2018 
2017–0771)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6992. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0399)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6993. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0397)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6994. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0546)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6995. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0449)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6996. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0587)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6997. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0550)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6998. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0357)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6999. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0306)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7000. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0496)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7001. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0549)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7002. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0451)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7003. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0394)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7004. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0359)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7005. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; 328 Support Services GmbH (Type Certificate Previously Held by AvCraft Aerospace GmbH; Fairchild Dornier GmbH; Dornier Luftfahrt GmbH) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0503)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7006. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Viking Air Limited Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0867)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7007. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Leonardo S.p.A. (Type Cer-tificate Previously Held by Finmeccanica S.p.A., AgustaWestland S.p.A.) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0619)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7008. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Zodiac Seats France, Cabin Attendant Seats’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0688)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7009. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0439)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7010. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0863)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7011. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; 328 Support Services GmbH’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0503)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7012. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0555)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7013. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0511)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.058 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6924 November 13, 2018 
EC–7014. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0785)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7015. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0855)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7016. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; GEVEN S.p.A. Seat Assem-blies, Type D1–02 and D1–03’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0504)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7017. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0650)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7018. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Hoffman GmbH and Co. KG Propellers’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0281)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7019. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Gulfstream Aerospace Cor-poration Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0870)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7020. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Embraer S.A. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0509)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7021. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1116)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7022. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Trans-port Regional Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0366)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7023. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Trans-port Regional Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0494)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7024. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Senate, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of the receipts and expend-itures of the Senate for the period from April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2018; ordered to lie on the table. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2242. A bill to amend the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 to clarify the authority of the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration with respect to post-storm assess-ments, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 347). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 3265. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to undertake certain activities to support waterfront community revitaliza-tion and resiliency, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–348). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works: Report to accompany S. 2827, a bill to amend the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act (Rept. No. 115–349). Report to accompany S. 1537, a bill to amend the Neotropical Migratory Bird Con-servation Act to reauthorize the Act (Rept. No. 115–350). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Report to accompany H.R. 2825, a bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain improvements in the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 351). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2374. A bill to amend the Improper Pay-ments Elimination and Recovery Improve-ment Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay Initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of im-proper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–352). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: S. 3047. A bill to establish a narcotic drug screening technology pilot program to com-bat illicit opioid importation, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–353). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 3484. A bill to modernize Federal grant reporting, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–354). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 5079. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to develop an en-gagement strategy with fusion centers, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–355). f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL: S. 3610. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a Medicare payment option for patients and eligible pro-fessionals to freely contract, without pen-alty, for Medicare fee-for-service items and services, while allowing Medicare bene-ficiaries to use their Medicare benefits; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 3611. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to facilitate the disclosure of tax return information to carry out the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. 3612. A bill to amend the Fair Housing Act to prohibit discrimination based on source of income or veteran status; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 3613. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey the Mancos Project fea-tures to the Mancos Water Conservancy Dis-trict in the State of Colorado; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): S. 3614. A bill to amend the Investment Ad-visers Act of 1940 to require proxy advisory firms to register as investment advisers under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.060 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6925 November 13, 2018 
S. Res. 686. A resolution honoring the life, accomplishments, and legacy of Lodi Gyaltsen Gyari; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ): S. Con. Res. 50. A concurrent resolution recognizing the rich history, heritage, and strategic importance of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Marshallese popu-lation residing in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 65 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 65, a bill to address financial con-flicts of interest of the President and Vice President. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 536 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 536, a bill to promote transparency in the oversight of cybersecurity risks at publicly traded companies. 
S. 629 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 629, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drugs, and Cosmetic Act to en-sure the safety and effectiveness of medically important antimicrobials approved for use in the prevention, control, and treatment of animal dis-eases, in order to minimize the devel-opment of antibiotic-resistant bac-teria. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided education assistance to employer pay-ments of student loans. 
S. 821 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 821, a bill to promote access for United States officials, jour-nalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. S. 836 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 836, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Credit Union Act to exclude a loan secured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4-family dwelling from the definition of a member business loan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1042 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1042, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to exclude Segal Americorps Education Awards and related awards from in-come. 
S. 1143 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1143, a bill to amend the Equal Credit Opportunity Act to prohibit dis-crimination on account of sexual ori-entation or gender identity when ex-tending credit. 
S. 1152 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1152, a bill to create protections for depository institutions that provide financial services to cannabis-related businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 1262 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1262, a bill to amend title 11, United States Code, with respect to certain exceptions to discharge in bankruptcy. 
S. 1301 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1301, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1328 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 1328, a bill to extend the protections of the Fair Housing Act to persons suffering discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gen-der identity, and for other purposes. 
S. 1351 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1351, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the designation of general surgery shortage areas, and for other purposes. S. 1640 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1640, a bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1653 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1653, a bill to provide for the over-all health and well-being of young peo-ple, including the promotion of lifelong sexual health and healthy relation-ships, and for other purposes. 
S. 1868 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1868, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax credits for energy storage technologies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1870 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1870, a bill to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to Indian vic-tims of crime, and for other purposes. 
S. 1910 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1910, a bill to clarify member-ship requirements for the Board of Di-rectors of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation. 
S. 1942 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1942, a bill to direct the Attor-ney General to review, revise, and de-velop law enforcement and justice pro-tocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians, and for other purposes. 
S. 1996 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1996, a bill to require Federal agencies to address environmental jus-tice, to require consideration of cumu-lative impacts in certain permitting decisions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the ex-pansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2127 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2127, a bill to award 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.032 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6926 November 13, 2018 
a Congressional Gold Medal, collec-tively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recogni-tion of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2148 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2148, a bill to authorize dedicated domestic terrorism offices within the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to analyze and monitor domestic terrorist activity and require the Federal Government to take steps to prevent domestic ter-rorism. 
S. 2171 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2171, a bill to amend the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to set the rate of pay for employees of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Pro-tection in accordance with the General Schedule. 
S. 2227 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Il-linois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
AS-
SAN), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2227, a bill to reauthorize the Money Follows the Person Dem-onstration Program. 
S. 2244 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2244, a bill to create op-portunities for women in the aviation industry. 
S. 2341 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2341, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to limit the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpay-ments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due proc-ess accorded veterans with respect to such recovery, and for other purposes. 
S. 2699 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2699, a bill to amend title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher edu-cation that participate in programs under such title to distribute voter reg-istration forms to students enrolled at the institution, and for other purposes. S. 2724 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2724, a bill to reform the use of solitary confinement and other forms of restric-tive housing in the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2736, a bill to develop a long-term strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific re-gion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2863, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in com-memoration of the opening of the Na-tional Law Enforcement Museum in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 3178 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3178, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 3231 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3231, a bill to establish the Task Force on the Impact of the Affordable Housing Crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 3337 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3337, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend projects relating to children and to provide access to school-based comprehensive mental health pro-grams. 
S. 3388 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3388, a bill to amend the Health Insurance Portability and Ac-countability Act. 
S. 3405 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3405, a bill to reauthorize the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program of the Department of Homeland Security. 
S. 3427 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. COONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3427, a bill to effectively staff the public elementary schools and sec-ondary schools of the United States with school-based mental health serv-ices providers. 
S. 3470 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Alas-ka (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3470, a bill to pro-mote United States-Mongolia trade by authorizing duty-free treatment for certain imports from Mongolia, and for other purposes. 
S. 3476 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3476, a bill to extend certain authorities relating to United States efforts to combat HIV/ AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria glob-ally, and for other purposes. 
S. 3523 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3523, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require a full military honors ceremony for certain deceased veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3529 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3529, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to furnish hos-pital care and medical services to vet-erans, members of the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces, and depend-ents who were stationed at military in-stallations at which they were exposed to perfluorooctanoic acid or other per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, to pro-vide for a presumption of service con-nection for those veterans and mem-bers of the reserve components, and for other purposes. 
S. 3530 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3530, a bill to reauthor-ize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 3538 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3538, a bill to establish pilot programs for, and require the de-velopment of policies with respect to, the use of body-worn cameras by offi-cers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.035 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6927 November 13, 2018 
S. 3540 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3540, a bill to provide a coordinated regional response to manage effec-tively the endemic violence and hu-manitarian crisis in El Salvador, Gua-temala, and Honduras. 
S. 3559 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3559, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to terminate the credit for new qualified plug-in electric drive motor vehicles and to provide for a Federal Highway user fee on alter-native fuel vehicles. 
S. 3584 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3584, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to increase usage of the Federal stu-dent loan income-based repayment plan and improve repayment options for borrowers, and for other purposes. 
S. 3591 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3591, a bill to extend authorization for the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001 through fiscal year 2090, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 606 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 606, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the United States condemns all forms of violence against children globally and recog-nizes the harmful impacts of violence against children. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4054 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4054 proposed to S. 140, a bill to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. At the request of Mr. N
ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4054 proposed to S. 140, supra. At the request of Mr. C
ARPER , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4054 proposed to S. 140, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. K
AINE): S. 3612. A bill to amend the Fair Housing Act to prohibit discrimination based on source of income or veteran status; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President. Today, I am pleased to join my colleague from Utah, Senator ORRIN HATCH , to intro-duce the Fair Housing Improvement Act of 2018. This legislation would ad-vance our nation in its long pursuit of achieving equal protection under the law and protecting all Americans from discrimination. This bill would pro-hibit housing discrimination based on source of income or veterans status and give millions and families and vet-erans greater access to affordable hous-ing and economic mobility. Many of you know I’m a former civil rights attorney. My practice focused on fair housing and I witnessed the pain experienced by families who were dis-criminated against as they searched for a home. Today, veterans who are good tenants with supportive housing vouch-ers can be turned down for an apart-ment or lease renewal because of how they pay their rent. Housing decisions should be based on your merits, not harmful stereotypes about those who receive housing assistance. If you pass a screening and background check, you shouldn’t be denied a place to live be-cause of your service record or how your rent will be paid. Unfortunately, this happens in America every day and it is wrong. This legislation has support from or-ganizations focused on affordable hous-ing and helping those who have served find a place to live, including National Fair Housing Alliance, National Hous-ing Law Project, National Low Income Housing Coalition, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and Veterans Association of Real Estate Professionals. Many of my colleagues in this chamber strongly support the housing vouchers that help 2.2 million veterans and low-income households live in decent, stable pri-vate market housing. I’ve said pre-viously that your home is critical to your identity and central to the life of every American. I want to share a story about two of my constituents that illustrates the need for this bill. Rudolph Nanez is a Navy veteran who lives in Virginia Beach with his wife, Jessica Youness. Rudolph moved to the United States from Spain as a teenager and earned a high school diploma. He joined the Navy and served three years on active duty, followed by several years in the reserves. Three years ago, Rudolph and Jessica faced a housing crisis and feared they would have to live on the street after temporarily re-locating to a hotel. Fortunately, with the assistance of local Virginia non-profits, they were able to find a home. In September, Rudolph’s wife Jessica contacted my office after they received an abrupt notice that their lease would not be renewed and they had to leave their home within 10 days, despite pay-ing a portion of their rent regularly through a supportive housing voucher for veterans, known as HUD-VASH. Jessica was frustrated because, as she said, it takes time to find an apart-ment that will accept these vouchers. She couldn’t understand why, after calling multiple apartment manage-ment companies to find an available unit, she then had to explain to the company representative what a sup-portive housing voucher was. Rudolph and Jessica each have a dis-ability and rely on public transpor-tation. It was challenging to find hous-ing near a bus stop and they needed time to save for a deposit on a new home. My office was able to work with the property manager to get Rudolph and Jessica’s lease extended through next June. This story had a happy ending. But it didn’t have to come to this point. More than a dozen states and over 70 local jurisdictions have enacted laws to pro-hibit source of income discrimination in housing, and it’s time Congress did the same. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. K EN-
NEDY ): S. 3614. A bill to amend the Invest-ment Advisers Act of 1940 to require proxy advisory firms to register as in-vestment advisers under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am joined by Senators P
ERDUE , HEITKAMP , T
ILLIS , and J ONES in introducing the bipartisan Corporate Governance Fair-ness Act to ensure investors can con-tinue to rely with confidence on the ad-vice of proxy advisory firms by requir-ing the Securities and Exchange Com-mission (SEC) to regulate all major proxy advisory firms under the Invest-ment Advisers Act (IAA). This advice is critical for investors as they decide how to vote their shares on important corporate governance matters, such as director elections or whether to sell the company. Indeed, the International Brother-hood of Teamsters has stated that the ‘‘independence of the research provided by proxy advisors is a critical element of our right, as shareholders, to hold the board of directors accountable and to cast informed proxy votes on cor-porate governance and proxy voting policies.’’ According to the Council of Institutional Investors, ‘‘ensuring unencumbered shareholder access to independent research is a crucial un-derpinning of effective corporate gov-ernance.’’ And the National Associa-tion of State Treasurers has empha-sized the need to ‘‘maintain the integ-rity and efficacy of the relationship be-tween institutional investors and proxy advisory firms.’’ In short, proxy advisory firms are clearly an essential tool for investors. Given the importance that investors have placed on continued access to proxy advisory firms, it is critical that proxy advisory firms are appropriately regulated and held accountable, and this is the purpose of the bipartisan Corporate Governance Fairness Act. Under our legislation, all major proxy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.037 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6928 November 13, 2018 
advisory firms would be required to register as investment advisers under the IAA, and therefore have a fiduciary duty to their clients. So as to not dis-courage new entrants into the proxy advisory business, our bill provides smaller proxy advisory firms the choice to voluntarily register under the IAA but does not require them to do so. The legislation also directs the SEC to conduct periodic examinations, which must include a serious review of the conflicts of interest policies of reg-istered proxy advisory firms and whether firms knowingly made false statements to any of its clients. Last-ly, our bill requires the SEC to consult with all relevant stakeholders and re-port back periodically to the Senate Banking Committee and the House Fi-nancial Services Committee with rec-ommendations for any additional in-vestor protections beyond continued access to proxy advisory firms so that investors have the tools to make in-formed investment decisions and exer-cise their rights as shareholders. In short, the Congressional intent of this legislation is to preserve the critical role played by proxy advisory firms and to hold them accountable to inves-tors. I would like to thank Senators P
ERDUE , HEITKAMP , TILLIS , and J ONES  for working with me in crafting this bi-partisan legislation, which is supported by the Consumer Federation of Amer-ica, Harvard Law School Securities Regulation Professor John Coates, who is also a member of the SEC Investor Advisory Committee, the New York Stock Exchange, and the Society for Corporate Governance. I urge all of our Senate colleagues to join us in working to pass the Corporate Governance Fair-ness Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 686—HON-ORING THE LIFE, ACCOMPLISH-MENTS, AND LEGACY OF LODI GYALTSEN GYARI Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 686 Whereas Lodi Gyari— (1) was born in Nyarong, Kham, in 1949; (2) was recognized according to Tibetan Buddhist tradition as a reincarnate lama; (3) began monastic studies at 4 years of age in Lumorap Monastery, which was located in what is, as of 2018, Kardze Prefecture, Sichuan Province; and (4) fled Nyarong with his family at 9 years of age following the invasion and occupation of Tibet; Whereas, as a young man in India, Lodi Gyari began a life-long commitment of serv-ice to His Holiness the Dalai Lama and to the Tibetan people by becoming— (1) editor for the Tibetan Freedom Press; (2) founder of the Tibetan Review; (3) a founding member of the Tibetan Youth Congress; (4) a civil servant in the Central Tibetan Administration; (5) Chairman of the Tibetan Parliament in Exile; (6) Cabinet Minister for the Department of Information and International Relations of the Central Tibetan Administration; and (7) Deputy Cabinet Minister for the Depart-ment of Religious Affairs and the Depart-ment of Health of the Central Tibetan Ad-ministration; Whereas, in 1991, His Holiness the Dalai Lama appointed Lodi Gyari as Special Envoy for the Dalai Lama in Washington, D.C., and, soon thereafter, Lodi Gyari was selected to be President of the International Campaign for Tibet, a nonprofit organization devoted to supporting the Tibetan people and the vi-sion of His Holiness the Dalai Lama; Whereas, for 3 decades, Lodi Gyari met with leaders and diplomats of governments around the world, including successive Presi-dential administrations of the United States, and with Members of the United States Con-gress and parliaments of other nations— (1) to explain the Tibetan efforts to engage with China on finding a mutually agreeable solution to the issue of Tibet; (2) to urge supportive strategies and poli-cies from governments; (3) to explain the significance of the ‘‘Mid-dle Way Approach’’ of His Holiness the Dalai Lama, which seeks genuine autonomy for the Tibetan people within the People’s Re-public of China that contributes to harmony between the Tibetan and Chinese peoples; and (4) to promote Tibetan statecraft as senior ambassador-at-large for His Holiness the Dalai Lama; Whereas, during the time when Lodi Gyari was Special Envoy for His Holiness the Dalai Lama, the United States Congress approved many policy and programmatic measures re-lated to Tibet, including the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 (22 U.S.C. 6901 note; Public Law 107–228); Whereas, in 1999, Lodi Gyari became a United States citizen; Whereas, in May 1998, His Holiness the Dalai Lama appointed Special Envoy Lodi Gyari to be the principal person to reestab-lish contact with the Government of the People’s Republic of China on the issue of Tibet, and between September 2002 and Janu-ary 2010, Lodi Gyari held 9 formal rounds of meetings with Chinese officials, dem-onstrating tireless drive and immense skill and winning the respect of the international community; Whereas Lodi Gyari presented the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China with the Memorandum on Genuine Autonomy for the Tibetan People and the accompanying Note, thus detailing the vision of the Ti-betan side for a political solution for Tibet consistent with the framework of the Con-stitution of the People’s Republic of China and the laws of China regarding autonomy; Whereas Lodi Gyari demonstrated spirit, intelligence, and extraordinary tact during the difficult task of representing Tibetan in-terests while in dialogue with the People’s Republic of China, and brought civility, rea-son and a measure of mutual understanding to the Tibetan-Chinese relationship; Whereas, in 1999, Lodi Gyari was elected the Executive Chairman of the Board of the International Campaign for Tibet after re-signing as President of that organization; Whereas Lodi Gyari resigned as Special Envoy of His Holiness the Dalai Lama, effec-tive June 1, 2012, in the context of the dete-riorating situation inside Tibet, including increasing incidents of Tibetan self-immola-tions, after expressing deep frustration over the lack of positive developments with the People’s Republic of China after nearly 10 years, and in respect for the process of devo-lution of political power to the elected Ti-betan leaders; Whereas Lodi Gyari retired from the posi-tion of Executive Chairman of the Board of the International Campaign for Tibet on De-cember 31, 2014; Whereas Lodi Gyari has contributed sig-nificantly to strengthening the relationship between the Tibetan people and the people of the United States; Whereas, on October 29, 2018, Lodi Gyari died at the age of 69; Whereas Lodi Gyari is survived by his wife, Dawa Chokyi, their 6 children, Tenzing Dechen, Tenzing Choyang, Norbu Wangmo, Tashi Chodon, Tulku Penam, and Tenzing Tsering, 5 grandchildren, his mothers, 4 brothers, and 3 sisters; Whereas Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic Leader of the House of Representatives and former Speaker of the House of Representa-tives, said that Lodi Gyari ‘‘built deep sup-port for the Tibetan cause throughout Amer-ica and around the world’’ and that ‘‘Mem-bers of Congress on both sides of the aisle benefitted from Lodi’s insight and wisdom’’; and Whereas the Department of State— (1) said that ‘‘Mr. Gyari dedicated his life to serving as a staunch advocate for the Ti-betan people, democratic principles, and human rights, including religious freedom’’; (2) offered condolences to the family of Lodi Gyari; and (3) observed that Lodi Gyari will be missed: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the life, accomplishments, and legacy of Lodi Gyari; (2) celebrates the leadership and commit-ment of Lodi Gyari to fulfilling the vision of His Holiness the Dalai Lama and the aspira-tions of the Tibetan people, including pro-moting freedom, human rights, and justice for the Tibetan people; (3) commends the achievements of Lodi Gyari in building an international coalition of support for Tibet that recognizes— (A) the imperative to preserve the distinct culture and religious traditions of Tibet; and (B) that the Tibetan people are entitled to their own identity and dignity and to gen-uine autonomy within the People’s Republic of China that fully preserves the rights and dignity of the Tibetan people; (4) acknowledges the role of Lodi Gyari, as a naturalized United States citizen, in pro-moting understanding in the United States of— (A) the Tibetan people; (B) the culture and religion of the Tibetan people; and (C) the struggle of the Tibetan people for— (i) genuine autonomy; (ii) human rights; (iii) dignity; and (iv) the preservation of unique linguistic, cultural, and religious traditions; and (5) strongly supports a political solution for Tibet that satisfies the legitimate griev-ances and aspirations of the Tibetan people, a cause to which Lodi Gyari devoted his en-tire life. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 50—RECOGNIZING THE RICH HISTORY, HERITAGE, AND STRA-TEGIC IMPORTANCE OF THE RE-PUBLIC OF THE MARSHALL IS-LANDS AND THE MARSHALLESE POPULATION RESIDING IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.062 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6929 November 13, 2018 
S. C ON. RES. 50 Whereas the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands— (1) is a sovereign country in free associa-tion with the United States under the Com-pact of Free Association between the Gov-ernment of the United States and the Gov-ernment of the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Compact’’), approved in the Compact of Free Association Act of 1985 (Public Law 99– 239; 99 Stat. 1770) and amended by the Com-pact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–188; 117 Stat. 2720), which authorizes economic assistance, through Federal grants and programs, to persons in the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands; and (2) has full authority and responsibility over security and defense matters relating to the Republic of the Marshall Islands; Whereas, under the Compact, eligible citi-zens of the Republic of the Marshall Islands may reside, work, and study in the United States without a visa and may serve in the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas an estimated 
1⁄3of the population of the Republic of the Marshall Islands has relocated to the United States; and Whereas Marshallese individuals who live in the United States— (1) offer positive economic and cultural benefits to the communities in which those individuals live; (2) pay Federal and State taxes but are not eligible for benefits under— (A) the Medicare program established under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); or (B) the Medicaid program established under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); and (3) were undercounted in the 2010 census and, as a result, areas where those individ-uals live are underserved by the Federal Gov-ernment: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) commends— (A) the rich history and heritage of the Re-public of the Marshall Islands; and (B) citizens of the Republic of the Marshall Islands who live in the United States for the contributions of those individuals to— (i) the communities in which those individ-uals live; and (ii) the national defense of the United States through their service in the Armed Forces of the United States; (2) recognizes the strategic importance of the Republic of the Marshall Islands; and (3) encourages a continued commitment to improve census data to better serve citizens of the Republic of the Marshall Islands who live in the United States. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I have 3 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 13, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations, Paul B. Matey, of New Jersey, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Cir-cuit, Jean-Paul Boulee, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, James David Cain, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Damon Ray Leichty, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, and J. Nicholas Ranjan, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Penn-sylvania. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 13, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Big Bank Bankruptcy: 10 years After Lehman Brothers’’. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 13, 2018, at 5:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Steven Dillingham, of Virginia, to be Director of the Census, Department of Com-merce, and Michael Kubayanda, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that John Rendon, a Coast Guard fellow in Senator W
ICKER ’s office, be granted floor privi-leges for the remainder of the Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to allow Coast Guard details Catherine Carabine and Sean Stewart to have the privilege of the Senate floor during consideration of the Coast Guard bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Majority Leader of the Senate and the Chairman of the Com-mittee on Armed Services, appoints the following individual as a member of the National Commission on Military Aviation Safety: General Richard A. Cody, USA (ret.), of Vermont. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Democratic Leader of the Senate and the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services, appoints the following indi-vidual as a member of the National Commission on Military Aviation Safe-ty: Peter B. Mapes, of Michigan. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Democratic Leader of the Senate and the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services, appoints the following indi-vidual as a member of the National Se-curity Commission on Artificial Intel-ligence: Robert O. Work, of Virginia. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Majority Lead-er of the Senate and the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services, ap-points the following individual as a member of the National Security Com-mission on Artificial Intelligence: The Honorable Katharina McFarland. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Majority Lead-er of the Senate and the Chairman of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, appoints the fol-lowing individual as a member of the National Security Commission on Arti-ficial Intelligence: Jose´-Marie Grif-fiths, of South Dakota. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Democratic Leader of the Senate and the Ranking Member of the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation, appoints the following individual as a member of the National Security Com-mission on Artificial Intelligence: Dr. Ken Ford, of Florida. f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2018 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 2 p.m., Wednesday, Novem-ber 14; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany S. 140 and vote on the mo-tion to concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as modified. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 2 P.M. TOMORROW Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:32 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, November 14, 2018, at 2 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING  
JANICE MIRIAM HELLREICH, OF HAWAII, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORA-TION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 31, 2024, VICE HOWARD ABEL HUSOCK, TERM EX-PIRED. BRUCE M. RAMER, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING FOR A TERM EXPIRING JAN-UARY 31, 2024. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.064 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6930 November 13, 2018 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
AURELIA SKIPWITH, OF INDIANA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE, VICE DANIEL M. ASHE. 
MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION  
GEORGE M. MARCUS, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF THREE YEARS, VICE MORTON H. HALPERIN, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
EDWARD F. CRAWFORD, OF OHIO, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO IRELAND. KENNETH A. HOWERY, OF TEXAS, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF SWE-DEN. MARY CATHERINE PHEE, OF ILLINOIS, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE STATE OF QATAR. DAVID STILWELL, OF HAWAII, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (EAST ASIAN AND PACIFIC AF-FAIRS), VICE DANIEL R. RUSSEL. 
FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  
COMMISSION  
WILLIAM I. ALTHEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW COM-MISSION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS EXPIRING AUGUST 30, 2024. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
MARY ANNE CARTER, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE CHAIR-PERSON OF THE NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE R. JANE CHU, RE-SIGNED. 
FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  
COMMISSION  
ARTHUR R. TRAYNOR III, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS EXPIRING AUGUST 30, 2024, VICE ROBERT F. COHEN, JR., TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JOSEPH F. BIANCO, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT, VICE REENA RAGGI, RETIRED. STANELY BLUMENFELD, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, VICE AUDREY B. COLLINS, RE-TIRED. BRIAN C. BUESCHER, OF NEBRASKA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF NE-BRASKA, VICE LAURIE SMITH CAMP, RETIRING. PATRICK J. BUMATAY, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, VICE ALEX KOZINSKI, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
GARY B. BURMAN, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF KEN-TUCKY FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JAMES ED-WARD CLARK, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
DANIEL P. COLLINS, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, VICE HARRY PREGERSON, RETIRED. CLIFTON L. CORKER, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, VICE J. RONNIE GREER, RETIRED. PHILIP M. HALPERN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE P. KEVIN CASTEL, RETIRED. KENNETH KIYUL LEE, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, VICE STEPHEN R. REINHARDT, DECEASED. THOMAS MARCELLE, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE GARY L. SHARPE, RETIRED. MATTHEW WALDEN MCFARLAND, OF OHIO, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO, VICE THOMAS M. ROSE, RETIRED. MICHAEL H. PARK, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT, VICE GERARD E. LYNCH, RETIRED. JEREMY B. ROSEN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, VICE MARGARET M. MORROW, RETIRED. MARK C. SCARSI, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, VICE GEORGE H. KING, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
AARON L. WEISMAN, OF RHODE ISLAND, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF RHODE IS-LAND FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE PETER F. NERONHA, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: To be major general 
BRIGADIER GENERAL JEFFREY W. BURKETT BRIGADIER GENERAL JESSICA MEYERAAN BRIGADIER GENERAL RUSS A. WALZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL JAMES R. CAMP COLONEL WESLEY J. CLARE COLONEL JAMES T. DEMAREST COLONEL JOHN M. GREEN COLONEL PETER T. GREEN III COLONEL ROBERT C. KORTE COLONEL DARRIN P. LELEUX COLONEL MARK A. MALDONADO COLONEL JAMES P. MARREN COLONEL JOHN R. MULVEY COLONEL JOHN F. O’CONNELL COLONEL MATTHEW J. PETERSON COLONEL ROBERT A. SCHULTE COLONEL JAMES G. SILVASY THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL DARRIN K. ANDERSON COLONEL MARK D. AUER COLONEL BUEL J. DICKSON COLONEL KENNETH S. EAVES COLONEL STEVEN S. LAMBRECHT COLONEL TONI M. LORD COLONEL GLEN A. MARTEL COLONEL DAVID W. MAY COLONEL GARY A. MCCUE COLONEL THOMAS H. MORA COLONEL JOHN W. POGOREK THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. THOMAS A. DUKES, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHRISTOPHER L. MONTANARO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIGADIER GENERAL VITO E. ADDABBO BRIGADIER GENERAL MAUREEN G. BANAVIGE BRIGADIER GENERAL BRIAN K. BORGEN BRIGADIER GENERAL JOHN P. HEALY BRIGADIER GENERAL JOHN A. HICKOK BRIGADIER GENERAL JAY D. JENSEN BRIGADIER GENERAL LINDA M. MARSH BRIGADIER GENERAL TODD J. MCCUBBIN BRIGADIER GENERAL TYLER D. OTTEN BRIGADIER GENERAL BOYD C. L. PARKER IV THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL ELIZABETH E. ARLEDGE COLONEL MATTHEW J. BURGER COLONEL KENNETH R. COUNCIL, JR. COLONEL DERIN S. DURHAM COLONEL PAUL R. FAST COLONEL CHRISTOPHER A. FREEMAN COLONEL CONSTANCE L. JENKINS COLONEL PAUL E. KNAPP COLONEL DOUGLAS S. MARTIN COLONEL JODY A. MERRITT COLONEL JOHN M. OLSON COLONEL STACEY L. SCARISBRICK COLONEL DAVID W. SMITH COLONEL ROGER P. SURO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. SAMI D. SAID THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601 AND FOR APPOINTMENT AS A SENIOR MEMBER OF THE MILITARY STAFF COMMITTEE OF THE UNITED NA-TIONS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 711: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DAVID W. ALLVIN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be brigadier general 
COL. MARIO A. R. DIAZ 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TION 5142: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRENT W. SCOTT 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
FRANCISCA A. ALAKA LAMPTON JEREMIAH P. ALMOSARA BRITTANY R. BONDS JOSEPH O. BOTHWELL MANDY L. BRADESCA ADAM RANDALL BROWN HEATHER MICHELLE CRAWFORD KYLE J. DEGUIRE JOHN N. DELEHANTY NICHOLAS Z. EDVARCHUK CHRISTOPHER THOMAS HARMER BRADLEY W. HOWARD BRIAN D. JOHNSON SHAILU V. JOSHI ELIZABETH ANNE JOVANOVICH NATHANIEL C. KROUSE DAVID E. MALEY RYAN W. MCGAUGHEY MICHAEL DAVID MCLAIN STEPHEN A. MEYERS TIMOTHY T. MILLER, JR. KELSEY MONSAERT ROGER L. MOORE JASON E. MYERS LONG T. NGUYEN SAMUEL H. PANG AN QUE THI PHAN STEVEN JAY POE, JR. DANIEL JAMES PRATHER TIMOTHY WILLIAM PULS CLARE ELIZABETH REYNOLDS ZACHARY R. RUMERY GREGORY KENNETH TAYLOR JODI E. VERKLEIR SEAN T. VILLANO RASHEED JAMAL WEDLOW VICTORIA M. WEIGER MICHAEL D. ZIMMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
CHRISTOPHER GENE ADAMS MATTHEW S. ADAMS STEPHEN M. ADDINGTON RODNEY DANIEL ADKINS ANIBAL AGUIRRE, JR. ROLANDO AGUIRRE LEE EDMOND AKERS YALUNDA M. AKINLOBA JUSTIN S. ALBERICO LOUIS J. ALDINI LEE J. ALEXANDER STEPHEN V. S. ALEXANDER CHRISTOPHER ALFARO JUSTIN T. ALFORD JOHN EMMANUEL E. E. ALFRED OCKIYA ERIKA ANNE ALLEN LUCAS J. ALLEN TERRANCE S. ALLEN CHRISTOPHER W. ALLGEIER ERIC A. ALONSOBERNAL NICHOLAS JAMES AMATO GEORGE AMBELANG JACOB CASSIDY AMES CLIFTON R. ANDERSON GEOFFREY P. ANDERSON JONATHAN D. ANDERSON NICHOLAS J. ANDERSON STEVEN M. ANDERSON WILLIAM M. ANDREOTTA JOSEPH B. ANDRESKY MATTHEW M. ANDREWS CRAIG RYAN ANSEL REBECCA L. ANTECKI SHANNON L. ANTONSON DAVID J. APARICIO PATRICK R. APPLEGATE JUAN J. ARAOZ CHRISTOPHER DAVID ARENDT CHARLES J. M. ARMSTRONG EARL F. ARNOLD MATTHEW R. ARNOLD DAVID ALFREDO ARROYO NICHOLAS D. ARTHUR TODD L. ARTHUR BRIAN C. ASHBURN ERIC M. ASHE JACOB S. ASHMORE KEATON B. ASKEW SEAN A. ATKINS CHAD C. ATKINSON TERMAIN S. ATWATER MELLISA AUERS THOMAS L. AUERS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.001 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6931 November 13, 2018 
LUCIANA L. AUGUSTINE JOSHUA M. AULTMAN CLAYTON J. AUNE DOUGLAS ANDREW AUSTIN JORGE H. AVILA GARY A. AXLEY BRYSON AYERS JUDSON T. BABCOCK RYAN C. BACHMAN PAMELA K. BACKLEY MATTHEW G. BAGG LISA A. BAGHAL TROY BAGLEY NATHAN F. BAILEY CLAYTON A. BAKER DERRICK G. BAKER JOHN W. BAKER JOHN G. BALACONIS JONATHAN N. BALL JONATHAN M. BALLARD BRYAN D. BALLESTERO EDMUND A. BALLEW TERENCE Y. BALMACEDA SHANNON L. BANCROFT JUSTIN D. BANEZ BRIAN S. BARBA JONATHAN M. BARBER LUIS F. BARBERENA ANTHONY DAVID BARES JOSEPH E. BARKLEY WILLIAM S. BARKSDALE CHARLES DAVID BARNES LAURA F. BARNES JOSEPH MATTHEW BARNUM MORTON JOSH BARTLETT CHARLES A. BARTON III RYAN DALLAS BATCHELOR AMY D. BATES CASSANDRA BATES DAVID J. BATES KATHERINE A. BATTERTON PHILLIP N. BATTLES ANDREW M. BAUER LINDSEY A. BAUER JONATHAN W. BAUSER MICHELLE L. BAXTER CLARA F. BAYNE JOSHUA S. BEASLEY CHRISTOPHER J. BEATTY BAILYN R. BECK EDWARD C. BECKETT SUSAN M. BEDELL BRIAN D. BEEARS MATTHEW DAVID BEJCEK KRISTINA MADELIENE BELCOURT EDWIN MOSES BELL CHARLIE T. BELLOWS CONNOR W. BENEDICT MICHAEL WILLIAM BENITEZ ERIC RYAN BENNETT DAVID J. BENSON JULIAN L. BENTON JOHN H. BERGMANS BRANDON J. BERNARDONI MARK W. BERTHELOTTE NATHAN T. BERTINO DAVID JASON BEWLEY JOEL W. BIER ANDREW E. BILLHARTZ ROBERT ALLAN BIRD BRIAN W. BISHOP ELIJAH N. BISHOP BRETT W. BLACK DANIEL IAN BLACKLEDGE STEPHEN J. BLACKSTONE IVAN L. BLACKWELL ELIZABETH C. BLAKEMAN JOMIA T. BLAS SEAN N. BLAS JEREMY A. BOEING RICHARD K. BOGUSKY SEAN R. BOJANOWSKI BRIAN A. BOLAND WILLIAM BRIAN BOLLINGER KRISTEN ALYCE BONEBERG ASCENZO J. BONITATI MORONI CRAIG BOOTH WILLIAM F. BOOTH II KEVIN KOREY BOSS KEVIN M. BOURNE CHARLES P. BOWER DANIELLE BOWERS JAMES C. BOWERS ADAM R. BOYD LISA CASANDRA BOYER MICHAEL T. BOYER MARC R. BRADLE DANIEL J. BRADY EDWARD A. BRADY MEHUL J. BRAHMBHATT JESSE D. BREAU PAUL J. BREHM REBECCA NICOLE BREIDING JOHN HOWARD BRINDLE RICHARD T. BROWER DEAN BROWN DONALD DANLEY BROWN MIKITA R. BROWN STANLEY C. BROWN, JR. STEVEN D. BROWN JULIANA T. BRUNS RAYMOND C. C. BRUSHIER ANTHONY W. BRYANT MATTHEW W. BUCHHOLZ JOHN QUENTIN BUQUOI III YULIYA ILINICHNA BUQUOI JEFFREY W. BURCH CONINGSBY J. BURDON DREW BURES WILLIAM B. BURROUS ALAN C. BURWELL ERIC STARR BUSS SAMUEL DEATON BUTLER BRYON C. BUZAN ROBERT MICHAEL BUZAN JOSEMARIA R. CADELINA MARIA LEE CADENHEAD STEVEN JAMES CAIN DAVID L. CALDERON JAMES COLLIN CALDWELL BENJAMIN GARY CALIFF BRIAN E. CAMPBELL JEREMY CAMPBELL JENNIFER ANN CANNON JOANNE CANNON ELLEN MARIE G. CANUP EZRA B. CAPLAN ANTHONY L. CAPPEL NELSON E. CARABALLO MICHAEL SCOTT CAREY, JR. CLINT E. CARLISLE DOUGLAS W. CARMEAN HEATHER L. CARSON SCOTT JEFFREY CARSTETTER ANNDREA K. CARTER JAMES CALLOWAY CARTER LAURA AILEEN B. CARTER JOHN JOSEPH CASEY KRISTEN CLARK CASTONGUAY CHRISTOPHER JOHN CERSOVSKI SHAWN M. CHAMBERLIN DAVID W. CHANCEY GARRETT R. CHANDLER ANDREW D. CHANEY SHAWN R. CHANEY MICHAEL J. CHAPADOS THOMAS W. CHAPMAN DARRELL H. CHASE, JR. MICHAEL J. CHEATHAM MYLES H. CHEATUM ANTONIO M. CHEBINO JACOB L. CHISOLM IV MICHAEL S. CHMIELEWSKI WILLIAM K. CHO LUCAS P. CHOATE RUEBEN J. CHOI JAMES T. CHRISTENSEN LEWIS P. CHRISTENSEN RYAN DOUGLAS CHUTE MICHAEL ANTHONY CIAMPA JONATHAN TREVOR CICHOWSKI DWAYNE ANTHONY CLARK MARY F. CLARK ROBERT M. CLARK NANCY T. CLEMENS DAVID R. CLEMENTI WILLIAM A. CLOUTIER KEVIN M. CLYDE ALLEN N. COHEN BRADEN M. COLEMAN JASON L. COLEMAN NICHOLAS RYAN COLEMAN RICARDO D. COLON CHARLES D. COMFORT III JENNIFER CONDON PRACHT AARON A. COOK THOMAS F. COOK, JR. CHARLES JOSEPH COOPER HARRY P. COOPER III STEVEN M. COOPER ANTHONY TONY CORBETT JARED A. CORDELL MICHAEL R. COUCHMAN KEVIN D. COUGHLIN RICHARD J. COUTURE DEANE ERNEST COVER LEON R. COVER CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL COVILLE DAVID MATTHEW COX RICHARD S. CRAMER, JR. JAMES HYRUM CRANE II ASHLEY ELIZABETH CRAWFORD MICHAEL JUSTIN CRENSHAW ERIC A. CRING ELLEN M. CRONIN JOAQUIN ANDRES CRUZ JOHN ALBERT CUMMINGS, JR. DAVID G. CURRY PAUL M. CURTISS MATTHEW W. DAHLIN BROOKS M. DANIEL GARRETT T. DANKER MELISSA L. DANLEY DARRELL C. DARDENNE DONALD COLLINS DAVENPORT ROBERT T. DAVENPORT BENJAMIN J. DAVIDSON JOHN B. DAVIDSON BRADLEY W. DAVIES CHAD M. DAVIES JEFFERSON K. DAVIS ROSS MICHAEL DAVIS TODD C. DAWSON JAMES W. DEAN JONATHAN R. DEDIC CLINTON D. DEEDER GREGORY A. DEGRUCHY CATHYRINE T. R. DEJA JERRY L. DEJESUS JACOB DELAPASSE CHRISTOPHER A. DELSID ALEXANDER C. DEMANSS ADAM WARD DEMARCO JONATHAN C. DEMERS CHRISTOPHER T. DENZER RACHEL M. DERBIS TRAVIS MONTGOMERY DEUTMAN AARON M. DEVAN JAMES DEVORE GRAEME L. DEWSTOW MICHAEL L. DEXTER ODI H. DIAMBRA RICKY EVERETTE DICKENS, JR. BRIAN R. DICKS SCOTT D. DIEHL JEFFREY M. DIERDORF STEVE J. DIRKS ERIC R. DITTMAN PAUL G. DORAN SCOTT A. DORRIS CHARLES EDWARD DORSSOM COLE C. DOUPE STEVEN E. DOVE SARAH M. DOWD FRAY B. DOYLE AARON C. DRENTH RYAN LEE DRINKWATER SCOTT THOMAS DRYLIE JEREMY P. DUFFEY CHRISTOPHER N. DUHON ANDREW A. DULIN CHARLES J. DUNAR III ANDREW K. DUNN DEREK A. DUPUIS JOHN DAVID DURAY MARCUS A. DURHAM SCOTT A. DURHAM JESSICA HEWITT DWYER RODNEY E. DWYER WILLIAM J. DYE KARL C. EASTERLY LAURA B. EASTON JAMMY D. EATON JOSHUA J. EDGINGTON JASON MICHAEL EDWARDS JASON M. EGGER AARON L. EGGERS BRIAN D. EHRHART PAUL K. EINREINHOFER CHASE B. EISERMAN JUSTIN D. ELLSWORTH DAVID J. EMBREY MELISSA A. ENGLISH GUY H. EPPS THEODORE J. ERICKSON JAVIER A. ESCOBAR KRISTINA LECHNER ESPOSITO DANIEL J. ETUE CHRISTOPHER S. EVANS JASON B. EVANS COREY S. EVERAGE BRIAN J. EVINGER JOSEPH N. FARAONE GREGORY R. FARRELL NARADA MICHAEL FELDER KENTON A. FELDMAN BRENDA RAE FELLOWS STEVEN P. FERGUSON JUSTIN C. FERNANDEZ VALARIE C. FERRARA NICHOLAS ALLEN FERRY DAVID J. FETH JONATHAN E. FEUCHT IRA J. FIELD AMANDA LYNN FILIOWICH MATTHEW R. FINCH DAVID ALAN FINLAY, JR. BRANDON L. FISCHER DAVID M. FISCHER DEVON A. FITTS RYAN A. FITZGERALD JAMILA W. FITZPATRICK MARCUS FLAGG ROBERTO R. FLAMMIA ERIK A. FLIPPIN HANIF S. FLOOD MATTHEW J. FLORENZEN ANDREAS V. FLOWERS ARMAND G. FONDREN II BRIAN FOO JOHN R. FORBES TIMOTHY W. FORD SARAH V. FORTIN MATTHEW CALVIN FOSS DAVID M. FOSTER GARY L. FOSTER, JR. ERICA L. FOUNTAIN BENJAMIN ALEXANDER FOWLER MITCHELL K. FOY PETER R. FRANCIK BRENDA DAWN FRANKLIN ANDREW CARL FRAZIER DANIEL E. FREDBERG BRIAN M. FREDRICKSON OWEN S. FREELAND DAVID J. FRIEDEL ANDREW L. FRIOT DANIEL R. FRY JASON R. FUHRER MICHAEL J. FULLER BENJAMIN C. FULTON DAVID RAY GALBREATH CLIFTON C. GALERIA DAVID M. GALLOWAY JONATHAN S. GARDNER THOMAS A. GARVIN DOMINIC O. GASKIN JAMIE S. GEGG JUAN GHERARDY TANNER L. GIBSON TYREL J. GIBSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.002 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6932 November 13, 2018 
WILLIAM R. GILES BRANDON G. GILLET DEREK HEATH GILMAN ALDEN Y. GILROY ANDREW J. GLASS CRYSTAL A. GLASTER ROBERT P. GOEKE CHARLES W. GOETZ GEOFFREY GOLDSMITH JUSTIN GOLDSTEIN JENNIFER L. GOLEMBIEWSKI TRAVIS C. GOMEZ JONATHAN GONYEA MIGUEL A. GONZALEZ AMBER L. GOODWIN PATRICK C. GORDON ERIC D. GORNEY RICHARD A. GORRELL DAVID R. GOTTLIEB BART M. GOULD JASON R. GRACIN LOUIS W. GRAFFEO III PATRICK M. GRAHAM SAMUEL A. GRAHAM III ROBERT GRAMLING THOMAS J. GRANT CODY L. GRAVITT JONATHAN T. GRAYSON JEFFREY K. GREENSFELDER RICHARD J. GREIG KELLY RUSSELL GREINER LOUIS J. GRIFFITH TIMOTHY LYNN GROFF JOHN MORRIS GRUENKE MATTHEW WILLIAM GUASCO DUSTIN H. GUIDRY SHAEN GUTZMAN JEREMY L. HAAS CRAIG J. HACKBARTH JOHN D. HAGLEY DANIEL F. HALL TRAVIS W. HALLEMAN AMY M. HALLOCK RICHARD LEONEL HALLON PATRICK W. HAMLIN RACHEL M. HAMLYN MATTHEW R. HAMMERLE CHARLES F. HAMMOND DAVID L. HANCOCK JAMES A. HANSEN II MARK ANDREW HANUS JOHN HARDING JASON R. HARDMAN JONATHAN LAVAR HARMON DANETA F. HARRINGTON ADAM M. HARRIS ALBERT C. HARRIS MICHAEL ALLEN HARRIS GEORGE M. HART III JOHN J. HART KAREEN A. HART ROBERT B. HARTLAGE TARA B. HASBROUCK SCOTT A. HASELDEN LANE C. HAUBELT NICHOLAS I. HAUSSLER THOMAS GROVER HAWKES JOEL CHARLES HEARN DARRYL J. HEBERT, JR. MICHAEL B. HEDDINGER SARAH L. HEDRICK JASON HEERSCHE MARK A. HEIL TANNER HEIN JILL HELIKER BRIAN T. HELLESTO DANIEL J. HELLINGER SARAH K. HELMS MATTHEW L. HENCKE JOHN LEWIS HENDERSON, JR. MATTHEW J. HENFEY RICHARD L. HENNIES LILIANA Y. HENRIQUEZ JOHN D. HENSON CORY E. HENWOOD WILLIAM JAMES HERBERT PEDRO LUIS HERNANDEZ III SETH HERNANDEZ KENNETH R. HERRINGDINE, JR. MICHAEL Z. HERSHEY JACOB P. HESS DANIEL J. HEWES ROBERT JON HEYWARD DOUGLAS ALLEN HICKEY NATHAN R. HIER RICHARD S. HIGASHI BRADLEY L. HIGBY AARON D. HIGH CHRISTOPHER E. HIGH TIMOTHY MATTHEW HIGLEY GRANT ANDREW HILE KATHRYN L. HINDS JOSEPH M. HINSON DUC L. HO BLAKE R. HOAGLAND JON LELAND HOBART DARA W. HOBBS CHARLES DAVID HODGES JENNIFER E. HODGES JODY L. HODGES DAVID C. HOFFECKER, JR. KIRK W. HOFFMAN MARCI A. HOFFMAN COREY C. HOGUE RICHARD HOLT MATTHEW L. HOOD TERILEE CHRISTEN HOOK RICKY C. HOPKINS ROBERT ALAN HORSTMANN HEATH E. HORTON MOHAMMAD IQBAL HOSSAIN JARED W. HOWARD PETER VALERIO HOWARD JORDAN M. HRUPEK JENNIFER M. HUBAL KIMBERLY W. HUBER BILLY R. HUFFMAN JEFFREY STUART HUGHES ROBINSON CHARLES L. HUGHES GREGORY ANDREW HUNGER ANDREW W. HUNT JOHN D. HUNTSMAN JAVIER HURTADO, JR. KRISTIN A. HUSSEY BRIAN R. HUSTON JONATHAN M. HUTTO MICHAEL J. IADAROLA CHRISTOPHER J. IBSEN NICHOLAS Y. ILCHENA RAYDON E. IMBO BENJAMIN D. INNERS HARRY J. JAMES NICKOLAS K. JEFFERS NATHAN JENKINS NATHAN W. JENKINS CORYDON ANDREW JERCH MEREDITHE A. JESSUP II KELLEY K. JETER JAMES JOHNSON JAMIE R. JOHNSON JASON L. JOHNSON JEREMY DOUGLAS JOHNSON JOSEPH A. JOHNSON KEVIN T. JOHNSON NICHOLAS J. JOHNSON ROBERT JOHNSON IV CHRISTOPHER E. JONES DWIGHT A. JONES JARREAU BRADLEY JONES JON DARREN JONES LESLIE MARIE JONES MICHAEL K. JONES RAYMOND CARLTON JONES NATHAN C. JORDAN STEVEN P. JORDAN JUAN D. JURADO JAMES M. KAPPES CHRISTOPHER L. KARINS MARSHA ROSA KARLAN DANIEL ROBERT KARRELS JESSICA LYNN KASHKA LEE ANTHONY KASHKA MATTHEW KAUFFMANN ADAM J. KAWATSKI MATTHEW T. KEALY PRICHARD R. KEELY BRIANNA L. KEEN CHARLES R. KEMMERLIN MELISSA HAEKYUNG KEOWN HEATH J. KERNS RAYMOND E. KERR MICHAEL L. KILLINGS MU JIN KIM ADAM P. KING BRIAN P. KIRCHNER NATHAN R. KIRK NICHOLAS RYAN KIRSCH JEREMIAH N. KIRSCHMAN AARON W. KISER MICHAEL L. KITTRELL JESSA M. KLING SHERYLL I. KLINKEL HOPE MARIE KLUKOVICH ROBERT M. KNAPP PATRISHA J. KNIGHT BENJAMIN R. KNOST BRANDON R. KNUTZ MICHAEL B. KOLBE JOSEPH B. KOLESKI JEFFREY R. KOMIVES TRAVIS D. KORNAHRENS ARTUR H. KOSYCARZ ANDREW K. KOUSGAARD BUCKLEY J. KOZLOWSKI NICHOLAS EUGENE KRAJICEK GENTRY L. KRAMER DANIEL S. KROWINSKI CHARLES H. KRUDENER III NICHOLAS D. KUC CHRISTOPHER J. KURPIEL CHRISTOPHER GLEN LADUKE AARON D. LAKE JARED L. LALIBERTE JAMES A. LAMB DEX LANDRETH TIMOTHY E. LANDUCCI BRIAN B. LANE JOSHUA GRANT LANE KURT J. LANSBERRY NICHOLAS W. LANTRIP SUSAN H. LANTRIP FRANK STEVEN LARAS JOSHUA D. LARSEN LAURA LINN LASKOWSKI JONATHAN F. LAUER BRANDON TAYLOR LAURET RICHARD B. LAYMAN CHARLES A. LEDEATTE CAMERON J. LEE CHRISTINA J. LEE DUSTIN W. LEE TRAVIS W. LEE ZACHARY M. LEHMANN RICHARD W. LEHTIMAKI RYAN P. LEMAIRE AARON M. LEMKE NICKOLE A. LENSGRAF DAVID LEE LEVENE GABRIEL ADAM LEWIS KIMBERLY J. LICHTE TIMOTHY M. LIEBOLD ALEXANDER R. LIGGETT ERIC C. LIKE BJ LIM KEVIN J. LIMBERG ALAN CHUN KAI LIN DOUGLAS T. LINCOLN KATHY L. LIND MATTHEW K. LINFORD BRENT LUKE LIPOVSKY JOHN A. LIPPOLIS CALEB SEBASTIAN LISENBEE II BRYAN D. LITTLE THOMAS J. LITTLE SHAWN LITTLETON DAVID LIU STEVEN M. LIZZOL TRACY L. LLOYD MATTHEW L. LOHMEIER BREEZY M. LONG DEVIN A. LONG JASON S. LONG LESTER C. LONG IV JOHN P. LONGMIRE IV SHAUN P. LOOMIS JASON F. LOPEZ ORLANDO LOPEZ CHARLES CHRISTIAN LOWRY JOEY P. LUBBERS MEGAN M. LUKA CHRISTOPHER ALAN LUNDELL JOSEPH STANFORD LUPA, JR. JAMES M. LUPHER JOSHUA Q. LYONS KURT D. MACALONEY MATTHEW MACFARLANE ROBERT J. MACK BRIAN S. MACLEAN ALEXANDER MACPHAIL STEPHEN L. MADDOX NATHAN C. MALAFA FERDINAND MALDONADO JARED JOHN MALINE KENNETH MALLOY MARY ELIZABETH MANGUM AMOY PHYLLIS MANLEY JOSEPH H. MANNING JENNIFER A. MAPP RACHEL MARAZITA DEREK S. MARCHLEWICZ ERIK A. MARCOV MICHAEL J. MARKLEY NATHANIEL R. MARKLEY CHRISTOPHER S. MARRON MATTHEW A. MARSHALL CHRISTOPHER L. MARTAGON AARON P. MARTIN MARK EDWARD MARTIN SUSAN A. MARTIN ALAIN N. MARTINEZ ARLEY V. MARX STACEY N. MARZHEUSER STEVEN M. MASSIE II STEPHEN W. MASTERNAK JOHN P. MATCHETT BRAD R. MATHERNE JUAN R. MATIAS EMMANUEL MATOS MICHAEL A. MATT DREW R. MAULSBY STEVEN MAWHORTER ANTHONY E. MAY TIMOTHY J. MAY JEREMY L. MAYFIELD ALFRED T. MAYNARD CHRISTOPHER B. MCCALL DERRICK L. MCCLAIN KEVIN M. MCCLURE JEREMY B. MCCRANEY HEATHER A. MCDANIEL KENNETH MICHAEL MCDOUGALL ROLAND TAFT MCELVEEN KRISTINA B. MCGANN BARRY J. MCGEE JASON MICHAEL MCGINTHY JONISA MCGLOWN JOHN S. MCGREGOR JULIA N. MCGREGOR DANIEL P. MCGUIRE HEATH AARON MCKIM BRANDON S. MCKINNON PATRICK B. MCLAUGHLIN SCOTT MCLAUGHLIN MARCUS E. MCNABB BREANNA C. MCNAIR MATTHEW C. MCNULTY LESLIE E. MCPEAK III JOHN D. MCSHANE SERGEI ALEXANDER MEDVEDEV ERIC J. MEHRTENS ZACHARY K. MELLOR ROBERT ERNEST MELSBY ENRIQUE MENDEZACEVES JOSEPH W. MERRILL PETER M. MERRILL ANGELA L. MEYER ROBERT CHARLES MEYERSOHN JOSEPH J. MICHAELS III JOSHUA M. MIDDENDORF BURDETTE O. MILLEN ANDREW M. MILLER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.004 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6933 November 13, 2018 
BRIAN EDWARD MILLER JASON M. MILLER PHILLIP R. MILLER MATTHEW B. MILLS MELISSA JANE MILNER MICHAEL JAMES MILOSZEWSKI ZALIKA MIMS JOHN MARTIN MINEAR PETER DALTON MINNAR DAVID MITCHELL JEFFREY T. MITCHELL MARK D. MIZZELL JASON R. MOEHLE MICHAEL DOUGLAS MOEN MARJORIE NEWTON MOLLOY DYLAN ANTHONY L. MONAGHAN ROBERT G. P. MONTGOMERY BRIAN A. MOONE ANDREW L. MOORE JAMES TURNER MOORE JENNIFER A. MOORE ROBERT L. MOORE JOSHUA A. MOORES RAMON MORADO JESSE G. MORENO OMAR MORENO DANIEL HAYES MORGAN KEVIN MITCHELL MORRIS BRIAN J. MORRISSEY GARY MORTON ELBERT G. MOSE MORGAN MOSER THOMAS C. MOSER JEFFREY W. MOSS OLIVIA SUZANNE MOSS ANTHONY M. MULIA SEAN M. MULLIGAN MATTHEW D. MUNSKA WILLIAM C. MURPHY JONATHON M. MURRAY STRYSAN ADRALIA MURRELL PAVITRA P. MURTHY RICHARD T. MUSTER STEVEN A. MWESIGWA NENA M. MYERS STEPHANIE ANN MYERS TERRY J. NAIL CHRISTOPHER S. NATIONS PETER J. NAZARECHUK DEREK C. NEAL ELIZABETH E. NEARY JAMES J. NELSON NATHAN W. NEMETH CRAIG H. NEUMAN JEFFREY M. NEWCAMP DANIEL C. NEWCOMER PHILLIP HAROLD NEWMAN II JOHN VU NGUYEN KRISTOPHER D. NIELSEN MICHAEL J. NISHIMURA PATRICK S. NOBLES JUSTIN L. NOEHL STEVEN T. NOLAN LEIF C. NORDHAGEN GEORGE B. NORMANDIN III ANDREW ROBIN NYE DANIEL J. OBRIEN ROBERT E. ODOM JOHN R. OHLUND CALEB OLMERT DOUGLAS ALLEN OLTMER CHRISTIAM E. ORMAZA MARC ANTHONY C. ORTIZ TRAVIS JOHN OTTENBACHER WILLIAM D. OWEN, JR. JOHN D. OWENS CRAIG PACHLHOFER TODD JOSEPH PACIENCIA NATHAN E. PADGETT RICHARD INYONG PAEK WILLIAM J. PAHN AARON M. PALAN JESSE C. PALCHICK DANIEL P. PALLISTER HEIDI M. PALLISTER OSCAR A. PALOMINO NICHOLAS A. PARISE JACOB R. PARKER MITCHELL G. PARKER EVAN C. PARR PATRICK R. PARRISH CHANDRA M. PASILLAS TRAVIS W. PASSEY ADRIAN CIPRIAN PATRASCU WILLIAM J. PATTINSON MITCHELL WAYNE PATTON CASEY L. PEASE GARRETT L. PENNY JIMMIE J. PEREZ MARTIN L. PEREZ MARK C. PERRY MICHAEL S. PERRY BRIAN LINDBERG PESTA RYAN R. PETERSEN BRENT L. PETERSON CALVIN E. PETERSON JEFFREY M. PETERSON JESSE D. PETERSON LOGAN C. PFEIFER HENRY E. PFLUGRADT III MASON R. PHELPS RODNEY B. PIERCE SCOTT JAY PIERCE CLIFFORD M. PIERNICK TYSEN L. PINA MATTHEW L. PINKERTON DANIEL M. PIPER TREVOR L. PLAYFORD MICHAEL D. PLOURDE ALEXANDRA C. PLUNKETT BRADLEY JOSEPH POGUE JOHN P. POHLEN RYAN A. POLCAR NICOLA C. POLIDOR BENJAMIN ROY POOLE KYLE J. PORTER CHARLOTTE A. PORTLOCK LINDSAY MIXSON POST ERIC V. POUNDS VINCENT B. POWELL WILLIAM C. POWELL NICHOLAS L. POWERS OCTAVIO PRIETO ZACHARY J. PROANO BERNARD ALEXANDER PROVOST JENNIFER W. PRUITT JASON E. PURCELL ALEXA BRIANN QUANDT AARON WESLEY QUINN RYAN M. QUINN ERIC GUY RABARIJAONA ROBERT S. RABON STEPHEN D. RAHAM ROLAND RAINEY, JR. ISABELLA K. RAMIREZ DEREK R. RANKIN JAMES S. RANKIN SHAHN S. RASHID STEPHEN M. RAUSA KEVIN F. REBHOLZ NICHOLAS C. REDENIUS LUKE REDERUS STEPHEN S. REDMOND ABRAHAM REDOBLE BRIAN DENNIS REDSTONE WARREN D. REECE NATOSHA L. REED PHILLIP M. REHMERT ALEXANDER J. REICH DEREK K. REIMER SCOTT JOSEPH REINECKE JOSHUA M. RENFRO MAX J. RENNER KRISTINA D. RENNIE NATHANIEL LEE RESENDEZ JUSTIN B. REX SEAN CHRISTOPHER REYNOLDS ROY Q. RHINEHART JOSEPH M. RICE CHRISTOPHER DANIEL RICHARDS MICHELLE PATRICIA RICHARDS DANIEL ROLAND RICHARDSON SCOTT RINELLA OBADIAH N. RITCHEY JONATHAN JAMES RITSEMA KALLI J. RITTER ANTHONY P. RIZZUTO LUKE C. ROBERTSON SAMUEL P. ROBINO JONATHAN D. ROE NEIL GIPSON ROGERS TIMOTHY C. ROLLING KERA A. ROLSEN EDWARD ROMERO WILLIAM ROOT BRENT D. ROPER RYAN L. ROPER JOSEPH DAVID ROSAL JACK J. ROSE LUCAS S. ROSELIUS ERIC STEVEN ROSENLOF JOHN W. ROSS CHARLES RANDALL ROWELL, JR. TRAVIS L. RUEFF GARY M. RUEHS HOMERO HORACIO RUIZ PEREZ CRAIG CHARLES RUMBLE ANDREW J. RUPERT MICHAEL A. RUPP KRISTIN M. RUSSELL MICHAEL S. RYAN TRAVIS W. RYAN KYLE J. RYKACZEWSKI JONATHAN D. SAAS WILLIAM B. SACK MICHELLE SAFFOLD OLIVER A. SAGUN PHILEMON SAKAMOTO NAILAH SHABAZZ SAKIN JUAN CARLOS SALAZAR DUSTIN M. SANDERS KELLY S. SANDUSKY KIRBY A. SANFORD MATTHEW J. SARKISSIAN KARA LYNN SARTORI SHANE C. SAUM ERIC VONDELL SAUNDERS MICHAEL JOSEPH SAVAGE ANDREW G. SAYLOR WILLIAM K. SCHAEFFER NICOLE M. SCHATZ TIMOTHY D. SCHEFFLER BRYAN SCHMELZER PETER J. SCHMICK NESLI SCHMIDT DAVID R. SCHMITT JOSHUA E. SCHNEIDER MARK V. SCHNELL MICHAEL A. SCHONBACHLER MICHAEL KAMUELA SCHRIEVER KATRINA L. SCHWEIKER NICHOLAS M. SCOTCH DAVID CHRISTOPHER SCOTT WINFIELD W. SCOTT IV JAMES A. SCOVILLE BRIAN L. SCOZZARO JEFFREY A. SEARCY ANDREA E. SEAROR WILLIAM B. SELBER JEREMY J. SELSTROM CLIFFORD JOSEPH SERATTI CHERI J. SETTELL JOHN C. SEVERNS SCOTT R. SEVIGNY BRADLEY DAVID SEVY JEREMY L. SEXTON JASON ROBERT SEYBA MATTHEW G. SHAW JONATHAN P. SHEA BRIAN H. SHEEHAN TIMOTHY C. SHEEHAN CHRISTINA M. SHEETS JEREMY R. SHERMAN JAMES HENSLEY SHIELDS DANIEL WESLEY SHIMONSKY JEROMIE L. SHOULDERS BRYAN P. SHOUPE DANIEL J. SHOWALTER AMANDA J. SHUMAKER ROBERT FREDERICK SHUMAKER ROBERT WAYNE SHUPING, JR. KELLEN DAVID SICK JOHN DAVID SIEPS AMANDA L. SILL STEPHANIE M. SILVA DENNIS MARK SIMERLY DAVID BENJAMIN SIMMONS LADY NOREEN SANTOS SIMMONS RYAN A. SIMPSON JAMES SINCLAIR JOSHUA A. SINGSAAS FORREST S. SISSON AUSTIN B. SKELLEY STEVEN EARL SLAGLE BRYONY L. SLAUGHTER MICHAEL A. SLAUGHTER ANDREW TERRY SMECKERT DEAN A. SMITH JAMES LEON SMITH KELLY M. SMITH MISHAUN D. SMITH ROBERT A. SMITH TYLER SMITH ZACHARY M. SMITH JORDAN M. SMYTH JOEL MICHAEL SNOWDEN ERIC BENJAMIN SNYDER JESSE PAUL SOMANN MATTHEW WAYNE SOWARDS JEREMY L. SPARKS CHRIS B. SPAULDING, JR. DEREK G. SPEAR JASON A. SPINDLER DEVIN L. SPROSTON JAMES C. SPRYS CHRISTOPHER S. STACHEWICZ JASON E. STACK MATTHEW J. STAMPHER COURTLAND W. STANLEY SEAN THOMAS STAPLER DUSTIN PAUL STEDNITZ VIRGIL V. STEELE IV ANDREW M. STEIN BRETT A. STENSRUDE ANGELINA R. STEPHENS JOHN RICHARD STEPHENS III WILLIAM JAMES STEPHENSON KYE D. STEPP KENNETH R. STERLING SEAN CHRISTOPHER STEVENS KYLE J. STEWART MATT STEWART MATTHEW STINES JOSHUA S. STINSON BRETT A. STITT BRANDON J. STOCK RICHARD C. STOCKER KEVIN THOMAS STONE BRADLEY JOHN STOOR CRAIG A. STRAIGHT KYLE J. STRANG JAMES J. STRAUB, JR. MARCELL S. STRBICH ADAM M. STRECKER WILLIAM A. STREET CHARLES C. STRETCH, JR. WILLIAM T. STROHECKER IV MARK D. STRUSKA MATTHEW S. STRUTHERS CHRISTOPHER B. STUTHEIT ERIC LANDON SUITS CHRISTINA J. SUKACH JOHN L. SULLIVAN KATHLEEN SULLIVAN ERIC JOSEPH SULSER KEVIN L. SUMMERS MATTHEW R. SUMMEY NICHOLAS A. SUPPA AMY L. SWEAZY ERIK F. SWENSON PHILIP HENRY SWENSON SCOTT A. SWIGERT ROBERT A. SWITZER RONNIE JOSEPH SYNAKOWSKI BENJAMIN TABER EMILIO L. TALIPAN, JR. BRADLEY R. TALLEY PETER C. TALLEY MAUREEN E. TANNER JOHN J. TATAR STEVE M. TATRO 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.005 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6934 November 13, 2018 
JASON ALLEN TAYLOR MATTHEW W. TAYLOR SETH TAYLOR ERIN MAUREEN TEDESCO RYAN M. TEEL DAVID ISAAC TEMPLE TERENCE BRADY TENNANT JAEFEN THIELKER CHARLES D. THOMAS JULIAN T. THOMAS VICTORIA LEE THOMAS JOAN E. THOMPSON MARK WILLIAM THOMPSON MATTHEW S. THOMPSON CAITLIN R. THORN MEAGAN L. THRUSH MELISSA RENE THURMAN SHANNA MARIE TIMLIN DONALD L. TINSLEY JEREMY N. TIPPEY CATHERINE TOBIN MICHAEL P. TONKS ERICA ETTER TORTELLA JOSEPH A. TORTELLA JOHNNY L. TOUCHSTONE BRANT C. TRETTER MICHAEL M. TRIMBLE BRIAN TRIPP JOHN V. TROMBETTA JOHN W. TROMBETTA, JR. BRIAN M. TRUMBLE COREY L. TRUSTY HSIENLIANG R. TSENG CHRISTOPHER M. TULIP LEE M. TURCOTTE TIMOTHY A. TURNER JOSHUA MICHAEL TYSON SHAI TZIONY DANIEL JAMES UGER MASON R. ULLRICH DAVID M. UNDERWOOD MARCUS LEE UNDERWOOD AARON J. URBANOVSKY SCOTT B. VALENTINE, JR. NICHOLAS C. VAN ELSACKER JESSE W. VANASSE RONIECE VANDYKE SCOTT CHARLES VANHOOGEN FRANK VASQUEZ III MATTHEW E. VEALE PHILLIP WILLIAM VENTURA TERRA S. VERBIK STEVEN M. VICK JAMES A. VICKERY OMAR VILLARREAL BRIAN VIOLA JAY BELOY VIZCARRA BENJAMIN J. VOETBERG MATTHEW S. VOGEL NICHOLAS ROBERT WABEKE BRANDY L. WADE WESLEY ADAM WADE MARK R. WAGNER DANIEL EARL WAID JASON D. WALDOW JACK B. WALKER JONATHAN M. WALKER WHITNEY P. WALKER NEAL D. WALL LISHA T. WALLACE SHAWN P. WALSH CASEY D. WALTERSCHEID DANIEL A. WALTON MARCI J. WALTON ANDY YUEHCHUNG WANG MICHAEL E. WARD CHRISTOPHER L. WARNER SHANE M. WARREN TREVOR W. WARREN ANDREW M. WASHBURN BENJAMIN R. WASHBURN KENNETH GERARD WASILIK ELBERT M. WATERS IV ERIC DAVID WATERS ANGELA M. WEBB PATRICK H. WEBSTER JOSHUA WEHRLE YU HANG WEI JARRETT L. WEIBLEN TREVOR R. WEINERT KURT WEISSGERBER MICHAEL W. WELLS RYAN PATRICK WELLS NATHAN F. WELTY TYLER A. WEST JEFFREY M. WESTERMAN BRANDON M. WESTLING JUSTIN W. WETTERHALL MICHAEL SCOTT WHEELER PAMELA L. WHEELER CHRISTOPHER L. WHITAKER ANTHONELLI WHITE, JR. GREGORY C. WHITE JOHN M. WHITE GEOFFREY S. WHITMER DENNIS S. WIDNER JOSEPH E. WIERENGA ERIC B. WIETLISBACH DOUGLAS EUGENE WIGGERS SEAN MATHEW WILE CHRISTOPHER GLEN WILEY LUCAS E. WILL ADAM M. WILLIAMS BENJAMIN C. WILLIAMS DAMIEN P. WILLIAMS JOHN S. WILLIAMS JONATHAN WHITNEY WILLIAMS SAMUEL L. WILLIAMS, JR. SEAN M. WILLIAMS NATHAN J. WILLIS JEFFREY D. WILLS JESSE G. WILSON MATTHEW P. WILSON MICHAEL R. WILSON RYAN W. WILSON SCOTT NIXON WILSON TYLER J. WINTERMOTE DAVID R. WISNIEWSKI JOSEPH ROBERT WITHERSPOON CASANDRA M. WOLAK JOSHUA J. WOLFRAM KEVIN D. WONG STANLEY Y. WONG ANDREW L. WOOD BENJAMIN J. WOOD GEOFFREY R. WOOLF RYAN J. WORRELL ERIC W. WRIGHT JONATHAN G. WRIGHT JOSEPH CAMPBELL WRIGHT DARIUSZ WUDARZEWSKI MARK ARNOLD WUERTZ II HILLARY B. WYKES RUVEN G. YARBROUGH JERRY W. YARRINGTON, JR. JOSEPH W. YASUNAGA MAX W. YATES NATHAN ROSS YERKES MICHAEL YEUNG WILLIAM D. YOAKLEY YESUN YOON AARON J. YOUNG MATTHEW L. YOUNG WILLIAM C. YOUNG, JR. MICHAEL GRAY YTTRI JOHN J. ZAIMIS JONATHAN A. ZANNIS CHRISTINE LYNN ZENS NICHOLAS J. ZIMMERMAN MICHAEL S. ZINKGRAF AMANDA L. ZUBER BENJAMIN PAUL ZUNIGA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN J. BARTRUM COL. ANITA L. FLIGGE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
SHAYNE R. ESTES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
MICHAEL W. KEEBAUGH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
HEINS V. RECHEUNGEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOHN R. SCHWAB THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
AMANDA L. SILVERS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
RICKY L. WARREN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
ERIC R. SWENSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
ANTHONY C. ADOLPH NACY J. ALOUISE DEREK D. BROWN DANIEL J. EVERETT ANDREW D. FLOR PAUL E. GOLDEN, JR. ROBERT C. INSANI JOHN L. KIEL, JR. SCOTT E. LINGER JOSEPH B. MACKEY SUSAN K. MCCONNELL ANDREW M. MCKEE ALEXANDER N. PICKANDS ROBERT C. STELLE JEFFREY S. THURNHER JACQUELINE TUBBS KAY K. WAKATAKE IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 605: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOSHUA C. ANDRES RYAN E. BENKO JOSHUA M. BERGERON ARTHUR J. BOND DANIEL CABAN BRETT P. CAMPBELL LOUIS C. CARTER, JR. SHANTRIC S. CHAPEL JAMES B. CORLEY JOSHUA R. COX CHARLES J. CRAWLEY III PATRICIA R. CUNANAN RYAN E. DIBELLO ROBERT T. DRIVER RICARDO H. ESTRADA JON E. FAILE JOSEPH M. GARIA ANTHONY J. GIAMPA CHRISTOPHER E. GLACKEN JOSHUA J. GLENN SAMUEL W. GRAESSLE NATHAN D. HAUGAN BRIAN J. KARLO JEFFREY R. KINGSLAND JOHNATHAN C. LING KEITH D. LOKKINS ANDREW G. MARSH PATRICK N. MCMANN, JR. RAYMOND W. MILLER IV JONATHAN D. MISKE BENJAMIN E. MOONEY AUDREY L. A. MUNJI RONALD L. NEAL DONALD S. NORTHRUP OSAROBO OMOREGIE JOSHUA A. PRESSLEY JETHRO L. RAMOS JOSHEUA J. SAMUELSON DAVID C. SCHULTZ DAVID G. SHAFFER TODD J. SIMPSON TYLER A. SPINDLER THEODORE W. TORGESEN RAFAEL E. VARGAS TRAVIS R. VOSLER 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR: KELLY E. ADAMS–SMITH, OF VIRGINIA STEVEN P. ADAMS–SMITH, OF VIRGINIA AYAN HUSSEIN AHMED NOOR, OF VIRGINIA STEFANIE AMADEO, OF NEW YORK COURTNEY E. AUSTRIAN, OF TEXAS SUSAN TEBEAU BELL, OF VIRGINIA DOUGLASS R. BENNING, OF MARYLAND BRUCE BERTON, OF WASHINGTON RUSSEL BROWN, OF WASHINGTON GREGORY S. BURTON, OF VIRGINIA ROXANNE J. CABRAL, OF VIRGINIA RICHARD A. CAPONE, OF VIRGINIA JAMES CAROUSO, OF NEW YORK SHAWN PATRICK CROWLEY, OF VIRGINIA TERRY R. DAVIDSON, OF TEXAS JAMES P. DEHART, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER J. DEL CORSO, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS MICHAEL DUFFY, OF VIRGINIA PATRICIA L. FIETZ, OF NEW YORK HEIDE BRONKE FULTON, OF WEST VIRGINIA KATHY A. GALLARDO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA NICHOLAS J. GIACOBBE, JR., OF VIRGINIA BARTLE B. GORMAN, OF VIRGINIA HENRY H. HAND, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DENNIS WALTER HEARNE, OF VIRGINIA GLENNA KATHLEEN HILL, OF MARYLAND DERECK J. HOGAN, OF VIRGINIA JOEY R. HOOD, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE JEFFREY M. HOVENIER, OF WASHINGTON SHARON E. HUDSON–DEAN, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW P. HYATT, OF UTAH ERIC KHANT, OF FLORIDA JOHN MICHAEL KOWALSKI, OF WISCONSIN KRISTINA KVIEN, OF CALIFORNIA PHILIP G. LAIDLAW, OF FLORIDA CHRISTOPHER JOHN LAMORA, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA ERIN LAPENN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LAURA A. LOCHMAN, OF NEVADA PAUL RAMSEY MALIK, OF CALIFORNIA RAFIK K. MANSOUR, OF CALIFORNIA CARLOS F. MATUS, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE ANNE MILEY, OF VIRGINIA GLENN WAYNE MILLER, OF VIRGINIA DENISON KYLE OFFUTT, OF FLORIDA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.007 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6935 November 13, 2018 
RICHARD D. OTTO, OF FLORIDA INMI KIM PATTERSON, OF VIRGINIA JOHN M. POMMERSHEIM, OF FLORIDA WILLIAM W. POPP, OF VIRGINIA TIMOTHY POUNDS, OF VIRGINIA RICHARD HENRY RILEY IV, OF CALIFORNIA LYNN WHITLOCK ROCHE, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH ROOD, OF VIRGINIA ABIGAIL MISCIAGNO RUPP, OF FLORIDA NORMAN T. SCHARPF, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ROBERT KENNETH SCOTT, OF MARYLAND NICOLE DAYAN SHAMPAINE, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA ADAM M. SHUB, OF MARYLAND BRIAN WESLEY SHUKAN, OF VIRGINIA LYNNE PATRICIA SKEIRIK, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE SEAN B. STEIN, OF VIRGINIA JAMES KENT STIEGLER, OF CALIFORNIA LAURA MERRITT STONE, OF CALIFORNIA MARTINA A. STRONG, OF TEXAS LESLIE MEREDITH TSOU, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA HOWARD A. VAN VRANKEN, OF VIRGINIA LEO F. VOYTKO, JR., OF VIRGINIA MARK ALAN WELLS, OF VIRGINIA HENRY T. WOOSTER, OF VIRGINIA RICARDO F. ZUNIGA, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUNSELOR: JESSICA L. ADKINS, OF VIRGINIA ALICIA P. ALLISON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOHN ARMSTRONG, OF MINNESOTA JOSEPH JUDE BEDESSEM, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM DAVID BENT, OF FLORIDA WILLIAM J. BISTRANSKY, OF VIRGINIA MARGARET H. BOND, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LOUIS LAWRENCE BONO, OF VIRGINIA WALTER M. BRAUNOHLER, OF RHODE ISLAND RICHARD LEE BUANGAN, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID JOHN BURGER, OF VIRGINIA IAN PATRICK CAMPBELL, OF VIRGINIA GWENDOLYN JILL CARDNO, OF VIRGINIA PAUL M. CARTER, JR., OF VIRGINIA RAYMOND A. CASTILLO, OF VIRGINIA NICOLE A. CHULICK, OF VIRGINIA DWAYNE L. CLINE, OF TEXAS AIMEE CUTRONA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA GREGORY S. D’ELIA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LINDA E. DAETWYLER, OF CALIFORNIA CAMILLE P. DAWSON, OF TEXAS KATHERINE O’BRIEN DUFFY DUEHOLM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JENNIFER L. DUVAL, OF TEXAS JAY D. DYKHOUSE, OF MARYLAND MICHAEL P. EVANS, OF VIRGINIA EVAN T. FELSING, OF CALIFORNIA ANTHONY C. FERNANDES, OF VIRGINIA SHAWN ERIC FLATT, OF VIRGINIA JOHN P. GINKEL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LISA C. GISVOLD, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KERRI S. HANNAN, OF FLORIDA DAVID C. HANSON, OF ALABAMA JENNIFER A. HARHIGH, OF VIRGINIA JULIA L. HARLAN, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN F. HARRIS, OF VIRGINIA JACK ELLIOTT HINDEN, OF VIRGINIA KIMBERLEY C. KELLY, OF TEXAS JENNIFER L. JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT L. KINGMAN, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER C. KLEIN, OF CALIFORNIA ERIC WILLIAM KNEEDLER, OF FLORIDA DAVID LAMONTAGNE, OF VIRGINIA INGRID D. LARSON, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER A. LARSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA VIRAJ M. LEBAILLY, OF WASHINGTON ROBERT DAVID LEE, OF MARYLAND DEBORAH C. LYNN, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY PAUL MACRIS, OF VIRGINIA MARCOS C. MANDOJANA, OF VIRGINIA JOEL FOREST MAYBURY, OF MARYLAND SCOTT D. MCDONALD, OF FLORIDA JOHN T. MCNAMARA, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM E. MOELLER III, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE E. MONAHAN, OF MARYLAND BRIAN RICHARD NARANJO, OF MARYLAND MICHAEL A. NEWBILL, OF ILLINOIS CHANH T. NGUYEN, OF FLORIDA BRENDAN J. O’BRIEN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARIA DE GUADALUPE OLSON, OF VIRGINIA REBECCA A. PASINI, OF MARYLAND LUCIA C. PIAZZA, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN PETER POST, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER L. RASAMIMANANA, OF VIRGINIA HENRY M. RECTOR, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DAVID RENZ, OF NEVADA THOMAS E. REOTT, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT JOHN RILEY, OF VIRGINIA KARL LUIS RIOS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHRISTOPHER ROBINSON, OF MARYLAND EDWIN C. SAGURTON, OF VIRGINIA JOSEPH EDWARD SALAZAR, OF VIRGINIA DAVID M. SCHNIER, OF CALIFORNIA MARIANNE C. SCOTT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ROBERT WILLIAM SETTJE, OF SOUTH DAKOTA PHILIP J. SKOTTE, OF VIRGINIA PHILLIP T. SLATTERY, JR., OF VIRGINIA DOUGLAS E. SONNEK, OF VIRGINIA JULIE M. STUFFT, OF VIRGINIA LANDON RAY LEE TAYLOR, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER TEAL, OF ARIZONA DAVID H. L. VAN CLEVE, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK H. VENTRELL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PEGGY JEANNE WALKER, OF VIRGINIA JOHN R. WATERS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ERIC A. WATNIK, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID K. YOUNG, OF VIRGINIA DAVID M. ZIMOV, OF FLORIDA THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, AND A CONSULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLO-MATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: TAMIKA D. ABBOTT, OF VIRGINIA BRUCE R. BEGNELL, OF VIRGINIA JEFFERY S. CRONE, OF VIRGINIA PAUL H. DAVIES, OF VIRGINIA PETER A. DINOIA, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER LEE DUDDING, OF VIRGINIA TY W. K. FLEWELLING, OF FLORIDA CHRISTOPHER K. GU, OF VIRGINIA SABRINA R. HAAS, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS N. KERRIHARD, OF ARIZONA MAUREEN MCGEOUGH, OF VIRGINIA PAUL D. MCOMBER, OF UTAH CELIA M. MOORHEAD, OF MARYLAND BRENDAN M. MURRAY, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER P. PINZINO, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW TEMPLE SIMISKEY, OF TEXAS ELIZABETH MARY SLATER, OF FLORIDA ANTHONY G. SMITH, OF VIRGINIA LAUREEN J. STEPHENS–RICE, OF VIRGINIA JORGE R. VAZQUEZ, OF VIRGINIA JAY P. WILLIAMS, OF FLORIDA 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
JOHN BARSA, OF FLORIDA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT AD-MINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE MARCELA ESCOBARI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A13NO6.009 S13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1507 November 13, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF SAINT JAMES AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH’S 155TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation of Saint James African Methodist Episcopal (A.M.E.) Church in Columbus, Georgia as the church’s membership and leadership prepare to cele-brate a remarkable 155 years. The congrega-tion of St. James A.M.E. Church will celebrate this very significant anniversary with a worship celebration on Sunday, November 18, 2018 at the Church located at 1002 Sixth Avenue in Columbus, Georgia. Tracing its roots back to the Civil War era, the St. James congregation emerged from the Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with Reverend William Gaines serving as the first pastor in 1864. Today, the physical body of the church serves as a reflection and memorial of past members and pastors who contributed to its preservation. On September 29, 1980, the church was listed on the National Historic Register. In an 1873 act, the Georgia Legislature granted St. James A.M.E. Church the land on which it stands and the first cathedral con-struction was completed in 1876. The ornately carved front doors, built by slaves, are the old-est parts of the church and are a reminder of the history of strength and perseverance be-hind the congregation. Since its founding, St. James has endured several additions and renovations, all of which help tell the story of the church, its members and its fifty-one former leaders. In 1886, Rev-erend Larry Thomas oversaw the construction of the bell tower, which still stands today as a symbol of the Church’s concrete mission to serve its congregation and community. Rev-erend Harold I. Bearden, who served from 1940 to 1948, installed the pipe organ that is still heard during church services today. In 1988, St. James purchased property for a new parsonage, and by 1996, the conversion of the old parsonage into an administrative building was completed under the leadership of Reverend Scottie Swinney. The building now houses offices, a conference room, music room, clothing and food bank, and archives room, which collectively aid in the fulfillment of the church ministry. After Reverend Swinney’s tenure, Reverend Richard Washington was pastor of the church. The church is now pastored by Reverend Joseph Baker, Sr. In 2004, St. James erected an Elevator Tower to accommodate all members of the congregation. The building includes class-rooms, accessible bathrooms, a stewardess room, and an elevator that services the Fel-lowship Hall and Sanctuary. To commemorate this achievement, a time capsule was depos-ited behind the Elevator Tower cornerstone to be opening in 2054. Throughout all of these changes, the church has consistently maintained its presence as a center for spiritual, educational, professional, and civic gatherings within the African-Amer-ican community. The second oldest church of its denomina-tion in Georgia, St. James A.M.E. Church has served as pillar of faith in the community for 155 years. The spirit within the congregation and their commitment to the growth of St. James is both admirable and inspiring. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Saint James A.M.E. Church in Columbus, Georgia for their dedication to helping one another, serving the community, and above all, worshipping our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. 
f 
HONORING CLAY MORGAN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Clay Morgan for his contribution to our state and Henry County. As a member of the 6th District Faith Based Advisory Committee, Clay regularly met with my team to discuss important faith and family issues affecting Hoosiers. Through his ministry and community service, Clay has made New Castle a better place to live. On a personal note, Clay is a brother in Christ, and I appreciate his prayers and en-couragement over the years. Clay is a wise adviser and among my closest friends in poli-tics. I want to thank him for his incredible sup-port of my work in Congress. I wish him con-tinued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
f 
DING SCHOONMAKER—NATIONAL SAILING HALL OF FAME LIFE-TIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Ding Schoonmaker who received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Sailing Hall of Fame. Mr. Schoonmaker has made im-portant contributions to the spport of sailing, both on the water as an athlete and in service to fellow sailors. As a sailor, Mr. Schoonmaker served as the alternate for the U.S. Olympic team in the Helsinki Games in 1952 and the Tokyo Games in 1964. Throughout his sailing career he won many regional championships, and was named the Star World Champion in 1975. Mr. Schoonmaker has also served the sail-ing community as an advocate. He played a key role in founding the U.S. Sailing Center and served two terms as Vice President of World Sailing. He and his fellow 2018 induct-ees to the National Sailing Hall of Fame were formally celebrated on Sunday, November 11, 2018, with an Induction Ceremony hosted at the Lauderdale Yacht Club. I congratulate Mr. Schoonmaker on his se-lection for this honor and thank him for his contributions to the sport of sailing. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 30TH AN-NIVERSARY OF NORTHAMPTON COMMUNITY COLLEGE’S MONROE CAMPUS 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Monroe Campus of Northampton Community College (NCC) as it celebrates its 30th anniversary. The Campus was founded by a group of educators who joined with busi-ness and community leaders to boost the re-gion’s economy by bringing NCC’s signature education programs to Monroe County. First housed in a makeshift, rented space in Stroudsburg, the Monroe Campus has since met its goals to train a highly-skilled workforce and provide access to affordable, quality high-er education. After years of growth, NCC built the current Monroe Campus near a commercial corridor where students have a hill-top respite with scenic views. The Campus officially opened on Aug. 26, 2014 and soon became LEED Gold-certified for its geothermal heating and cooling system, large solar panels over the parking lots, large windows letting in natural light, and native vegetation reducing storm- water runoff. Each year, it serves 2,500 stu-dents, hosts community events, and rotates exhibits in its art gallery. NCC-Monroe recently added programs in nursing, engineering, and adventure tourism in response to regional in-dustry needs. I ask my fellow Members to join me in rec-ognizing the 30th anniversary and success of the Monroe Campus of Northampton Commu-nity College. May it continue forward guided by its founders’ vision of offering a quality col-lege experience regardless of socioeconomic status and serving as a responsive tool for re-gional economic growth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.001 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1508 November 13, 2018 
RECOGNIZING YOUNG CHAPEL MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable histor-ical church, Young Chapel Missionary Baptist of Duck Hill, Mississippi as they celebrate 150 of serving their community and our Lord and Savior. Young Chapel Missionary Baptist Church started its worship services in the year of 1868 under a brush harbor with members from the Spring Hill and Hays Creek M.B. Church. The messages were presented by Minster Tom Young, which is where the name Young Chap-el derived. The land for the first church building was contributed by Mr. Warren Townsend which sits about one mile from where it stands today. The first building was blown down and later rebuilt not far from its original location. The new building took a stand for many years but was also destroyed. After rebuilding yet again, the church on Spring Hill Road has stood tall and has remained home to the members of Young Chapel. As of 2018, the church has one pastor, four associate ministers, one secretary, ten dea-cons, one youth director, one adult director, one women director, one church secretary, five ushers, 42 choir members, a dining com-mittee, a program committee, a sick ministry, a health ministry, a relief ministry and a mar-riage ministry. Duck Hill, Mississippi is 1,400 in population today, growing from about 730 in 2010. The city is located on U.S. Route 51, which is mid-way between Grenada and Winona, Mis-sissippi. The city is also home to the annual Grassroots Blues Festival which takes place each July. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Young Chapel Missionary Bap-tist Church for its dedication for serving our great people. 
f 
HONORING CHRIS LOWERY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Chris Lowery for his contribution to our state and his community. From his time at the Batesville Casket Com-pany, to his role with Hillenbrand, and now as senior vice president with Ivy Tech Community College, Chris has dedicated himself to mak-ing his community a great place to live. He was also instrumental in helping my office with the 6th District Scholars Program, which rec-ognized outstanding 8th grade students from our community. Our state is better off because of Chris’ extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Chris is among my closest friends in politics. He was one of my earliest and most vocal supporters and is a loyal friend and wise adviser. I want to thank Chris for his support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. f 
THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MULUGETA SERAW 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the life and legacy of Mulugeta Seraw. Mulugeta came to the U.S., like many immigrants and refugees, in search of the American dream. His life however, was trag-ically cut short. The 28-year-old Ethiopian im-migrant lost his life at the hands of white su-premacists 30 years ago in my hometown of Portland. Although this event occurred three decades ago, I’m afraid we have not learned its lesson. Elements of our nation are being revealed, all at the behest of Donald Trump and his hateful rhetoric and racist policies. I fear our country stands at an inflection point. We must confront these vile forces with love and strength in these difficult times. The Urban League of Portland, which has worked tirelessly for justice and equality since 1945, is commemorating Mulugeta’s life this November, which marks 30 years since his passing. This celebration brings us together and affirms our strength. It is also a sad re-minder that we still have more to do to defeat senseless acts of hate and violence. This celebration shows that Mulugeta Seraw did not lose his life in vain and makes me con-fident that we will build a more just and com-passionate community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF R. BURNETT MILLER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, it is with pro-found sadness that I rise to honor the life of my good friend, the Honorable R. Burnett Mil-ler, who passed away on October 14, 2018. Burnett was not just my dear and close friend, but a larger than life figure and leader in Sac-ramento. As his wife, Mimi, and his children Jim, Fitzgerald, Powell, Simone, Mary and Margot gather to remember his life and leg-acy, I ask my colleagues to stand with me in his memory. Burnett was born on September 2, 1923 to Delma Burnett and Leroy Miller, a respected family with deep roots in Sacramento. As a young adult, his education at Santa Clara Uni-versity was cut short when he enlisted into the army during World War II. Burnett was a brave man and his efforts in the war and in the Bat-tle of the Bulge earned him a Purple Heart and a Silver Star. During his harrowing serv-ice, he was injured, but returned to his bat-talion and helped liberate Mauthausen con-centration camp in 1945. He served our coun-try with immense honor and remained a true patriot all his life. After his service, Burnett traveled in Europe and graduated from Georgetown University, but he could not leave Sacramento behind for too long. Burnett returned to Sacramento and joined the family business, now Burnett & Sons Lum-ber and Millwork, a century old institution of Sacramento. From then on, he dedicated much of his life and work to Sacramento. For years, Burnett was a treasured city council-man. In 1982 he was chosen, with great pride, to serve as interim mayor. Burnett and his wife, Mimi, supported Sac-ramento in a way that went beyond local poli-tics and they had a knack for tapping into our sense of community. As advocates for local arts and culture, they were dedicated patrons of the Crocker Art Museum, Sacramento His-tory Center, and Sacramento Poetry Center, among others. As was Burnett’s style, he brought the community together and opened his home to friends and strangers alike in sup-port of local artists, organizations and causes. The soul of Sacramento would not exist as I know it if it were not for Burnett Miller. Mr. Speaker, today we honor the marvelous life of R. Burnett Miller; a husband, father, ad-venturer, intellectual and beloved public serv-ant. Burnett Miller is a true Sacramento treas-ure and a giant in our community. I will re-member him for his spirit, kindness, and wis-dom. f 
HONORING ERIC AND LORI WALLIEN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Eric and Lori Wallien for their contributions to our state and their community. The Walliens are important business leaders in Shelby County. Without a doubt, they have made a positive and lasting impact in Shelby-ville and embody exactly what ‘‘Hoosier hospi-tality’’ is meant to be. Our state is better off today because of Eric and Lori’s extraordinary leadership and service in their community. On a personal note, their daughter, Hannah, worked for our team as an intern in both my Washington, DC office and state office. She is a dynamic young leader with a big future in front of her. Jennifer and I cherish our friendship with the Walliens. They were among my earliest and most vocal supporters and they are loyal friends and wise advisers. I want to thank Eric and Lori for their friendship and incredible sup-port of my work in Congress and we wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF SYDNEY GOLDSTEIN 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Sydney Goldstein: a pioneering San Francisco impresario, founder and driving force of City Arts & Lectures, who died Sep-tember 25. Her passing is a great loss to our community and to the nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.005 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1509 November 13, 2018 
Sydney Goldstein made a difference. With a deep belief in a brighter future, she used her enormous gifts and talents to expand commu-nity engagement with public conversations that were always relevant to current events. Sydney Goldstein was a San Franciscan through and through. She was born on Octo-ber 13, 1944 in our city of Saint Francis. Her father, Edward Goldstein, owned the Diamond Palace, at the corner of Fifth and Market streets. Her mother also came from a family of shopkeepers. Sydney graduated from Lowell High School and attended San Jose State, be-fore leaving to begin a lifetime of service in the world of arts and culture. Sydney began her career by organizing suc-cessful public events at the College of Marin, where she successfully brought visionary and legendary arts icons to the campus. She had a talent for knowing who to invite, what they brought to the table and how to organize and mobilize leaders with strong cultural reso-nance. Following the success of planning public speaking events at the College of Marin, Syd-ney Goldstein went on to found the popular City Arts & Lectures series, hosting the series at the then-refurbished Herbst Theatre in the War Memorial Veterans Building for many years. For four decades, Sydney invited nota-ble writers, critics, artists and musicians to share their insight and brilliance with the com-munity. Later, Sydney opened the Nourse Theater and doubled the capacity for the City Arts & Lecture Series with 1,600 seats. Sydney also partnered with KQED to broadcast the talks to the Bay Area, as well as more than 130 public radio stations nationwide. The partnership continues to this day, bringing learning and the arts to so many. Sydney was an extraordinary woman, moth-er, partner and friend to many, who left this world with a phenomenal legacy of service. Paul joins me in sending our deepest sym-pathy to Sydney’s beloved husband Judge Charles Breyer, her children Kate and Joseph, her three grandchildren and her sister Dorian Lewis. May it be a comfort to Sydney’s family and loved ones that so many mourn their loss and pray for them during this sad time. 
f 
HONORING JOHN VERNON 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of John Vernon, who was honored as Humboldt County Citizen of the Year on October 20, 2018, an award he richly de-serves. John Vernon and his wife Barbara bought a home in Ferndale in 2005 and became a resi-dent there in 2011. The couple became in-volved in the community as Court Appointed Special Advocates. Mr. Vernon joined the Salt River Watershed Council as a board member in 2014, and also volunteered at the Ferndale Senior Resource Center. John Vernon and a group of 40 friends from Ferndale formed Indivisible Ferndale after the 2016 presidential election. Under Mr. Vernon’s leadership, Indivisible Ferndale began holding monthly potluck meetings and began orga-nizing civic engagement activities. Indivisible Ferndale members started attending local school board and city council meetings, made phone calls and wrote letters to state and fed-eral representatives expressing their views. By 2018, Indivisible Ferndale became a 501(c)4 nonprofit, and under Mr. Vernon’s leadership, the civic engagement of this group led to thousands of contacts with officials on a wide variety of issues. The membership of Indivisible Ferndale now numbers more than 60 people who actively engage with the com-munity and elected representatives on a reg-ular basis. Mr. Speaker, please join me in expressing deep appreciation for John Vernon’s extraor-dinary devotion to the democratic process and congratulating him for his service to the North Coast community. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MARY JANE JORDAN WILLARD 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Mrs. Mary Jane Jordan Willard ‘‘SweetMoma,’’ a native of New Orleans, Louisiana and an adored school teacher. She died on October 2, 2018 at the age of 83. Mrs. Willard was born on November 1, 1935 in Crowley, Louisiana. Her parents were the late Mr. Abraham Jordan and Mrs. Marie Guillory Jordan. She was a graduate of Book-er T. Washington High School and earned her B.A. degree (Magna Cum Laude) at the age of 54 from Southern University at New Orleans. Mrs. Willard began assisting in the class-room as a volunteer when she realized her true calling. For several years she prepared students for their G.E.D. with the New Orleans Urban League Street Academy. She was also a counselor with the Louisiana Department of Family Services. For over 20 years she was a Social Studies instructor at Alfred Lawless and John McDonough High. During Mayor Sidney Barthelemy’s Adminis-tration, Mrs. Willard also founded and directed the Total Achievement Problem Prevention (TAPP) program, which operated at the St. Bernard Gym. Her program reduced the rate of young women dropping out of school and became a model for other programs through-out New Orleans. Mrs. Willard loved the city and the people of New Orleans. Her legacy will forever be a part of the city and her dedication to community embodies the spirit of New Orleans. We can-not match the sacrifices made by Mrs. Willard, but surely, we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match her courage, but we can strive to match her devotion. Mrs. Willard’s survivors include eight sib-lings. In 2012, she laid to rest the love of her life and husband of more than 60 years, Dr. Elliot C. Willard. From their union 12 children were born: Cynthia, Elliot Jr., Regina (Joseph), Jacinta, Walter, Christopher (Rhonda), Berna-dette (Rufus), Dominic (Terrie), Martin (Nia), Benedict (Diane), Lucita, and Katherine. In ad-dition, she has more than 40 grandchildren and more than 25 great-grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Mrs. Mary Jane Jordan Willard. RETIREMENT OF DR. FRANCIS J. BONNER, PH.D. 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Dr. Francis Bon-ner of Nashua, New Hampshire, for his forty- six years in education and enriching the minds of his students. Dr. Bonner has served as a professor and advisor for the last thirty-one years at the University of Massachusetts, Low-ell, where he begins an emeritus faculty posi-tion this month. Dr. Bonner was born in Wilmington, Dela-ware and received his education from the city’s Catholic schools. He remains an active alumnus of the Salesianum School, from which he graduated in 1951. He earned a Bachelor’s of Science in Chemical Engineering in 1955 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a Master’s of Science in Chemical Engineering Practice in 1956. He went on to earn a Doctorate in Chemical Engi-neering from the University of Delaware in 1964. He then moved to Uppsala, Sweden with the intention of completing a post-doc, but stayed on, completing a PhD in Physical Chemistry from the University of Uppsala in 1967. Dr. Bonner began his teaching career at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zu-rich, Switzerland, where he taught from 1972 until 1981. He and his family then moved to Nashville, Tennessee where he joined the fac-ulty of Vanderbilt University. He remained there until 1987, when he relocated to New England to teach at what was then the Univer-sity of Lowell, which later became a part of the University of Massachusetts system. Dr. Bonner is an expert in his field, holds a number of intellectual properties, and has been published in several technical journals. In addition, he is the recipient of numerous awards, fellowships, and grants. As Italian physician and educator Maria Montessori observed, ‘‘We discovered that education is not something which the teacher does, but that it is a natural process which de-velops spontaneously in the human being.’’ As a lifelong student, himself, Dr. Bonner knows this best. I know my colleagues join me in extending our deep gratitude and apprecia-tion to Dr. Bonner for his exemplary service in education. We wish him well the best for his well-deserved retirement. 
f 
HONORING CLAUDIA THORNBERG 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Claudia Thornberg for her contribution to our state and Randolph County. Claudia has served in various positions in Randolph County throughout her career, in-cluding as Clerk of the Circuit Court and as the Voter Registration Deputy. She has made an incredible impact on her fellow Hoosiers through her service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.010 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1510 November 13, 2018 
On a personal note, I’ve known Claudia for nearly twenty years, dating back to my first campaign for Congress in 2000. Claudia and her husband, Ed, were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. They are loyal friends and wise advisers. I want to thank Claudia and Ed for their friendship and support of my work in Con-gress. I wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JIM HISLOP II 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I’m honored to celebrate the life of my dear friend Jim Hislop II. He was never the kind of man to sit around and dwell on darker matters, so it is only fitting we remember the incredible and happy life Jim led. Jim was the kind of person you’d find only in Texas: a family man, a gentleman, and a loving man, all wrapped up into one. He was known for his love of Western attire and col-lectibles, stylish cars, and his amazing skill on the grill. A man of the world, he cultivated friends from all walks of life and shared with them his love of music, fishing, and living each day to the fullest, smiling every step of the way. In the tradition of Texas storytellers, Jim had comedian’s knack for telling the greatest jokes, with his delivery of each punchline hit-ting just the right spots to have you in stitches. I will always remember the friendship I had with Jim. He was someone you could count on, someone who would never leave a friend behind. That loyalty is something that should inspire us all today. Let’s not be sad and glum; let us instead act like our beloved friend would and enjoy each other’s company and celebrate his life the way he lived it: with pas-sion, love, and kindness. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF WILLIAM KELLY JOYCE 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, on this, the 243rd birthday of the United States Marine Corps, it is my honor to recognize the life and service of William Kelly Joyce. As a decorated Veteran of the Korean War and a valued member of his community, William is an indis-pensable part of Michigan’s First District. The Continental Marines were formed by decree of the Second Continental Congress on November 10, 1775. Since the Revolu-tionary War, Marines served with the Amer-ican Expeditionary Force on the Western Front of WWI, island hopped in the Pacific, landed on the beaches of North Korea, fought to pro-tect the Republic of Vietnam, and defended Americans from the threat of global terrorism. While serving as a Platoon Commander dur-ing the Korean War, Second Lieutenant Joyce earned the Silver Star for acts of gallantry and intrepidity. When his squad came under in-tense enemy artillery and mortar barrage while preparing to relieve a forward outpost, he quickly called down supporting arms, com-bined forces with the unit he was relieving, and established a perimeter of defense on the reverse slope. Despite an immense number of determined enemy troops assaulting the pe-rimeter, Joyce’s leadership allowed his unit to successfully drive back the attackers. Even while seriously wounded, he refused medical aid until all other wounded had been attended. His aggressive fighting spirit, courageous lead-ership, and unwavering devotion to duty in-spired all who saw him and exemplified the spirit of the U.S. Marine Corps. We owe William and his brothers in arms an enormous debt of gratitude. The celebration of the Marine Corps Birthday and Veterans Day weekend gave those in Michigan’s First Dis-trict an opportunity to show their thanks for the sacrifices demanded of William and all of our servicemen and women. He has served our nation willingly, honorably, and without bias. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor today to ac-knowledge the extraordinary life of William Kelly Joyce. I ask that you join with me and the people of Michigan’s First District in thank-ing him for his unwavering commitment to our nation and its people. f 
H.R. 302, FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, since Sep-tember 11, 2001, Congress has recognized that mass gatherings of people may require special protections from threats, including threats from unmanned aerial systems (UAS). Following the attacks that Tuesday morning, the FAA created temporary flight restrictions (TFR) over stadiums and other large gath-erings, which Congress later codified. Today, TFRs are in place during NFL games, Major League Baseball games, NCAA Division One football games, and NASCAR Cup Series, Indy Car, and Champ Series races. These re-strictions apply to all aircraft—commercial air-liners, private aircraft, and UAS. In recent years, however, there have been increases in UAS operations over stadiums (and arenas) in violation of these restrictions. For example, in November 2017, a UAS dropped leaflets into Levi’s Stadium during a San Francisco 49ers’ football game. That same UAS operator then tried to repeat the stunt later that day at the Oakland Coliseum, but local law enforcement intervened and ar-rested him. Had this been a nefarious UAS operation, the harm could have been much worse since local law enforcement lack the authority and proven technology to take counter-UAS measures. During consideration of the FAA Reauthor-ization Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–250), Congress and the Administration worked together to ad-dress the growing concern that UAS could be used to attack the United States and its citi-zens. Division H, ‘‘Preventing Emerging Threats’’ grants the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) limited and narrow authorities to protect the safety or security of a covered facility or asset as defined by the bill. Further, section 210G(k)(3)(C)(iii)(II) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Divi-sion, allows for the Secretary of DHS to work with state, local, and tribal law enforcement of-ficials to mitigate threats from UAS ‘‘upon re-quest of the chief executive officer of the state or territory, to ensure protection of people and property at mass gatherings, that is limited to a specified timeframe and location, within available resources, and without delegating any authority under this section to State, local, territorial, or tribal law enforcement.’’ I believe that this provision is narrow in its intention: that the federal government, acting through DHS, may provide assistance to state, local, and tribal law enforcement officials to protect mass gatherings from UAS operations that pose a threat to the safety or security of people in attendance. I also believe that this provision represents an opportunity for DHS to partner with state, local and tribal law enforce-ment officials on best practices to prevent an incident at stadiums or arenas at the request of a State. As Chairman of the House Trans-portation and Infrastructure Committee, I en-courage DHS to seek input from sports organi-zations, local law enforcement agencies, and others on the use and deployment of the au-thorities provided in this legislation, including the development, testing, and use of counter-measures for unmanned aircraft systems. If DHS does enter into partnerships to pro-tect stadiums or arenas, then the safety of the airspace must not be put in jeopardy. Any measures used by DHS to counter potential UAS threats must not interfere with the avia-tion safety, civilian aviation and aerospace op-erations, aircraft airworthiness, or the legal use of the airspace. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WASHINGTON AVENUE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH’S 180TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the membership and leader-ship of Washington Avenue Presbyterian Church in Macon, Georgia for 180 years of re-markable service. The congregation of Wash-ington Avenue Presbyterian Church com-memorated this milestone with a celebration on Sunday, November 11, 2018. Tracing its roots back to the pre-Civil War era, the Church was organized around 1838 when Pastor Samuel Cassels was instructed to preach and minister to the slaves of the members of the 1st Presbyterian Church’s congregation. The ‘‘African Chapel,’’ a sepa-rate facility, was built on Fourth Street (now M.L. King Drive) but remained associated with the 1st Presbyterian Church. With a request for full independence by ‘‘African Chapel’’ members that was granted on May 5, 1866, the present Washington Avenue Presbyterian Church was formed. Joseph Williams, David Laney, and Robert Carter were the first Min-isters ordained to serve the church following its formal establishment. The Church had humble origins due to ra-cial and social stratification in the post-Civil War South. With the end of the Civil War, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.014 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1511 November 13, 2018 
bells of Washington Avenue Presbyterian Church rang to celebrate emancipation. Under the pastorate of David Laney, most notably, the distinguished Gothic Revival structure of the Church was constructed. The Washington Avenue Presbyterian Church is not only the o19est African-American congregation in the state of Georgia, but also bears the distinct honor of being one of the oldest minority con-gregations in the country. Named for the street on which it is located, the Church has become the primary place of worship for many genera-tions of the most prominent black families in Macon. It also enjoys the privilege of being listed in the National Register of Historic Places in America, another indication of its im-portance in the local, state, and national com-munities. The story of Washington Avenue Pres-byterian Church, which began as a small group of slaves worshipping in a small ‘‘ Afri-can Chapel’’ and has grown into an expansive and successful church, is truly an inspiring one of the dedication and perseverance of a faithful congregation of people who put all their love and trust in the Lord. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in paying tribute to the Washington Avenue Presbyterian Church in Macon, Georgia for its congregation’s endur-ing commitment despite adversity, to each other and to our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ for over 180 years. May their actions continue to inspire the community in courage, in dedi-cation, and in faith. 
f 
HONORING THE 65TH ANNIVER-SARY OF WILLIAM HAROLD AND BILLIE JO BROWN GUTHRIE 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 65th wedding anniversary of William Harold and Billie Jo Brown Guthrie of Oxford, Alabama. They were married on November 1, 1953 at First Baptist Church of Oxford. Harold was in the Navy and came home on leave for the wedding and returned immediately to San Diego, California. Harold retired from the Navy Reserve as Lieutenant Commander after 25 years and from Anniston Army Depot after 30 years. Billie Jo was a house wife and she and Har-old raised three daughters. They’ve been blessed with one grandson and five great- grandchildren. The Guthries have lived in Oxford their en-tire 65 years of marriage and have been faith-ful members of Meadowbrook Baptist Church for over 50 years. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 65th wedding anniversary of Harold and Billie Jo. IN RECOGNITION OF COACH GEORGE CURRY, ON HIS INDUC-TION TO THE PENNSYLVANIA SPORTS HALL OF FAME HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late coach George Curry, who was inducted to the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame on November 3, 2018. Curry was among those honored during the annual meeting of the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame held in Plains, PA. Coach George Curry served as a high school football coach for 46 years, during which his teams amassed 455 victories and six Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Asso-ciation Class 3A championships. During his time at Berwick Area High School, Curry’s teams won three mythical high school national championships based on their team record during the season. During his tenure he was twice named USA Today High School Football Coach of the Year. Curry began his coaching career in 1967 at Lake Lehman High School in Lehman, PA. His teams achieved a winning record during his four years tenure. In 1971 he moved to Ber-wick, where he served until stepping down at the end of the 2005 season. It was while at Berwick that Curry’s teams became a force to be reckoned with, earning six state football championships. He coached three more sea-sons at Wyoming Valley West High School in Plymouth, PA retiring in December 2008. Coming out of retirement he returned to Ber-wick Area High School as an interim head coach. He passed away on April 1, 2016. It is an honor to recognize George’s achievements and his storied career in Penn-sylvania sports history and it is fitting that he should be inducted as a member of the Penn-sylvania Sports Hall of Fame. I join with the members of the Hall of Fame in recognizing the life of George Curry and in celebrating his impact on two generations of Pennsylvania’s athletes. 
f 
HONORING DAVID AND RUTH NUTTY 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize David and Ruth Nutty for their contributions to our state and Fayette County. David and Ruth have made a positive and lasting impact in Fayette County through pub-lic and community service. Our state is better off today because of their extraordinary lead-ership and service. On a personal note, the Nuttys were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. They are loyal friends and wise advisers. I want to thank David and Ruth for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF ANN ELIASER 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise with my colleague, Congressman M
IKETHOMPSON , to honor the life and legacy of a trailblazing, transformative leader, Ann Eliaser, who passed away on October 24 in her beloved city of San Francisco. Ann was a woman of exceptional vision and determination, who fearlessly spoke truth to power to reshape the face of our state and na-tional politics during her decades in the polit-ical arena. She was driven by the extraor-dinary strength of her convictions and by her remarkable independence of thought, making history as she rose through the ranks of the state Democratic Party. Ann did not merely observe political history; she shaped it. As a California delegate at the Democratic National Convention and as the California Democratic Party’s National Com-mitteewoman, she played a vital role in deter-mining who sat at the decision-making table in our state and country. She fought relentlessly for candidates who would champion Demo-cratic values, regardless of conventional wis-dom or political popularity. Her advocacy was critical to the success of leaders up and down the ballot, from Presidents Harry Truman and Jimmy Carter to local politicians in our city of Saint Francis. Ann was a San Francisco native, who dedi-cated her full life and spirit to building better futures for the people of the Golden State. As an appointee to the San Francisco Board of Permit Appeals, she held our city’s business leaders accountable for ensuring fair pay and better working conditions for employees. As the first woman member of the Lake Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, she fought relent-lessly to protect the beauty of God’s creation for generations to come. Through her leader-ship on numerous city, state, national and international boards, she advocated relent-lessly for our nation’s fundamental promise of liberty and justice for all, fighting to overturn the death penalty, end unjust wars and sup-port the State of Israel. Ann’s deep belief that strength lies in diver-sity was essential in bringing more women and greater diversity into the halls of power in our country. Her courage to defy history and demand a seat at the table has inspired and empowered generations of strong women leaders, leaving a beautiful and lasting legacy for our nation. Ann’s many friends will forever remember and cherish her profound love for family. May it bring some measure of comfort to Ann’s daughter, Mary Powell, her grandchildren Blair Shane and Alexander Rosenblatt, her four great-grandchildren, and all who were blessed to know and love her, that so many grieve with them and pray for them during this sad time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.018 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1512 November 13, 2018 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DR. JANETTE HOSTON HARRIS 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Janette Hoston Harris, an educator, historian, public servant, and activist, who died on November 2, 2018 at the age of 79. In 1960, during her senior year, Dr. Harris was one of six Southern University students arrested for trying to desegregate an all-white lunch counter in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The students were also expelled from the univer-sity by order of the governor and prohibited from attending any college in the state. While attending Central State University in Ohio, Dr. Harris’ case challenging segregation, Hoston v. State of Louisiana, went before the Lou-isiana Supreme Court and in time became part of the larger Garner v. State of Louisiana case, which was won by future Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall in 1962. In 2004, Dr. Harris, along with her fellow sit- in comrades was awarded an honorary degree from Southern University, 44 years after the state officials forced her from campus and from attending any Louisiana institution of higher education. Dr. Janette Hoston Harris was born on Sep-tember 7, 1939, in Monroe, Louisiana; her mother, Maud Marrie Hoston, was a home-maker and her father, Eluin Homer Hoston, was a printer and businessman who opened the first shoe store in Louisiana for African Americans, ‘‘Hoston’s Shoes and Bootery.’’ In 1956, Dr. Harris earned her high school diploma from Carroll High School in Monroe, Louisiana, where she was a member of the English and spelling bee clubs and the basket-ball team. From 1956 until 1960, Dr. Harris at-tended Southern University, where she was active in the Methodist club, a co-founder of Gamma Sigma Sigma sorority, and captain of the drill team. Dr. Harris completed her edu-cation at Central State University in Ohio, where she earned her B.A. degree in psy-chology in 1962. After her graduation, Dr. Harris worked in the selection division of the Peace Corps. From 1964 until 1970, Dr. Harris had a career in education, teaching second, fourth, fifth and sixth grades in Washington, D.C. public schools. From 1970 until 1972, Dr. Harris worked as a research associate for the Asso-ciation for the Study of Afro-American Life and History. Dr. Harris earned her master’s degree in history in 1972 and her Ph.D. degree in 1975 from Howard University. Dr. Harris took on numerous roles in Wash-ington, D.C. throughout her professional life. In 1975, Dr. Harris began teaching history at Federal City College, now known as the Uni-versity of the District of Columbia. That same year she established a consulting firm, JOR Associates. From 1979 until 1980, Dr. Harris served as campaign manager for the Carter Mondale Re-election Campaign. In 1991, Dr. Harris was appointed director of educational affairs for Washington, D.C., where she re-mained for a year. For the next three years, Dr. Harris served as director of the Mayor’s Office of Intergovernmental Relations under Mayor Marion S. Barry, Jr; in 1998, she was appointed city historian for Washington, D.C., the first person to hold the post; serving as the president of Carter G. Woodson’s Association for the Study of Negro Life and History in Washington; and being appointed by Mayor Muriel Bowser to the D.C. Commission to Commemorate and Recognize the Honorable Marion S. Barry, Jr. She was also awarded a Southern University Alumni Federation Life-time Achievement Award from the school in July of 2018. Dr. Harris was a proud member of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., an artist, and the author of Black crusaders in History, Congress and Government: Teacher’s Guide and other books. Our nation has lost a trailblazer, a champion for civil rights, and a woman of many firsts. Dr. Janette Hoston Harris, legacy will forever be a part of this nation’s history and her dedication to justice embodies the spirit of the Civil Rights Movement. We cannot match the sac-rifices made by Dr. Harris, but surely, we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match Dr. Harris’ courage, but we can strive to match her devotion. Dr. Harris is survived by her husband, Ru-dolph Harris; their son, Rylan; and daughter, Junie. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Janette Hoston Harris. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE COMMIS-SION OF FINE ARTS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME RULE ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duced the Commission of Fine Arts District of Columbia Home Rule Act. This bill is nec-essary to prohibit the Commission of Fine Arts (CFA) from exercising authority over non-fed-eral property in the District of Columbia. Under presidential executive orders (EOs) and federal law, the CFA has review authority for D.C.-owned parks and buildings, as well as certain private land in D.C. Under the relevant EOs, CFA has review authority for the design of D.C.-owned parks and buildings. Under the Shipstead-Luce Act, CFA has review authority for the design of private buildings in the Dis-trict ‘‘adjacent to public buildings and grounds of major importance,’’ such as Rock Creek Park and the Potomac riverfront. Under the Old Georgetown Act, the CFA has review au-thority for the design of private buildings in the part of Georgetown referred to as ‘‘Old Georgetown’’ in the act. The members of the CFA are appointed by the President. The federal government, including the CFA, has no business in local land-use policies and decisions. Not only is the federal government’s authority over D.C. buildings and private prop-erty anti-democratic, it also delays and in-creases the cost of public and private develop-ment in the District. This is an important step to increase home rule for the District, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. IN RECOGNITION OF COACH KAREN KLASSNER ON HER INDUCTION TO THE PENNSYLVANIA SPORTS HALL OF FAME HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor coach Karen Klassner, who was inducted to the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame on November 3, 2018. Klassner was among those honored during the annual meet-ing of the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame held in Plains, PA. Since 1972, Klassner has served as the head coach of the field hockey team at Wyo-ming Seminary. She has led her teams to win six state championships, six district champion-ships, and ten league championships. Addi-tionally, Sem has made twenty-eight district playoff appearances (after joining the PIAA in 1985) and 14 state tournament appearances. She also led her team to victory at the Mora-vian Tournament eight times, most recently in 2017. Her overall field hockey coaching record is 660–171–46. Klassner’s unparalleled leadership ability has been recognized throughout her career. She was named ‘‘Coach of the Year’’ seven times, named 2006 Developmental Coach of the Year by the United States Field Hockey Association, inducted into the National Field Hockey Coaches Association Hall of Fame in 2009, inducted into the Luzerne County Sports Hall of Fame in 2003, and named national coach of the year in field hockey by the Na-tional High School Coaches Association in 2009. She has also dedicated her time and expertise to various service positions, includ-ing chairing the PA All-State Selection Com-mittee from 1998 to 2009 and serving as the president of PA State Field Hockey State Coaches Association from 1998 to 2009. In addition to coaching field hockey at Sem, she currently serves as a consultant for the Key-stone State Games. It is an honor to recognize Klassner’s achievements and her impressive career at Wyoming Seminary, and it is fitting that she should be inducted as a member of the Penn-sylvania Sports Hall of Fame. I join with the members of the Hall of Fame in recognizing Klassner’s career and in celebrating her im-pact on Wyoming Seminary athletics for dec-ades. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RYAN TOPPER 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the brave actions of Ryan Topper from Bremen. Ryan is a student, a rising football star, and a lifesaver. Good instinct and determination tend to give people the opportunity to achieve, but for Ryan, these qualities also helped him change the course of his best friend’s life. One night, Ryan and friends were driving to a lake house for the evening. Ryan, driving ahead of his friends, realized their truck was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.023 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1513 November 13, 2018 
no longer behind him. He turned around to find that his friend’s truck had skidded on ice and hit an embankment, crumpling the side of the truck and shattering the passenger window before coming to rest back in the middle of road. It was a miracle that only one person was seriously injured. Brock Meister would not have survived the next few moments without Ryan’s bravery and quick thinking. Ryan recognized immediately that he need-ed to keep his friend’s neck in place until help arrived. As he held tight to Brock’s head and neck, reassuring him and physically preventing him from moving, Ryan kept him calm by re-peating the words, ‘‘My boy, Brock,’’ and called 911. Ryan didn’t leave his friend’s side that night, and it kept him alive. He then helped him navigate the long, difficult road to recovery, making the two-and-a-half-hour drive to and from Indianapolis to be with his friend in between football commitments. It is truly an honor to represent young Hoosiers like Ryan who put their own needs aside to help others, and whose strength and compassion stand as a guiding light in our community. Ryan’s nat-ural leadership and strong will are surely just the foundation for the amazing future that lies ahead of him. I have no doubt he will go on to do great things and will continue to posi-tively impact the world around him. Hoosiers will, continue to look up to his ability to seize opportunity and lead with kindness for years to come. Mr. Speaker, Ryan Topper epitomizes the selflessness and readiness to help that are so valued in northern Indiana. He shows us what it means to be a Hoosier, an American, and, above all, a true friend. On behalf of Indiana’s 2nd District, it is my honor to recognize his valiant actions. 
f 
HONORING HEIDI BENZONELLI- BURDEN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Heidi Benzonelli-Burden, who was honored as Humboldt County Citizen of the Year on October 20, 2018, an award she richly deserves. Heidi Benzonelli-Burden’s contributions to the Eureka community are exemplary. As pro-gram director for the Westside Community Building Initiative and president of the Westside Community Improvement Associa-tion, Ms. Benzonelli-Burden has been a driving force for the improved health and livability of Eureka’s Westside. Ms. Benzonelli-Burden worked with these groups and law enforce-ment, code enforcement, and neighbors to ad-dress 30 chronic nuisance properties and 10 alleyways in West Eureka, and alleviate graf-fiti, trash, drug houses, and other hazards to clean up blight. Among the Westside Association’s greatest achievements has been the rehabilitation of the Jefferson Community Center and Park, which transformed a boarded-up elementary school into a thriving social center. The center hosts square dances, movie nights, a safety fair and more. Ms. Benzonelli-Burden was even the cook at the community center for its first two years, helping feed and nurture neigh-borhood children. In 2017, she was awarded the Kiwanis of Henderson Center Non-Profit Businesswoman of the Year award. Ms. Benzonelli-Burden attended Humboldt State University, earning a bachelor’s degree in Environmental Resources Engineering and a master’s degree in Business Administration with a focus on Strategic Sustainability. She is now a research analyst at Humboldt State’s California Center for Rural Policy and putting her education to good use for the benefit of others. Mr. Speaker, please join me in expressing deep appreciation for Heidi Benzonelli-Bur-den’s commitment to bettering her community and congratulating her on her service to the North Coast. f 
HONORING ANGIE THOMAS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable author, Ms. Angie Thomas, who is a native of Jack-son, Mississippi. As a teen, Thomas indulged in the art of hip-hop while also publishing an article in Right-On Magazine. In 2011, she received a Bachelor’s of Fine Arts in Creative Writing from Belhaven University located in Jackson. In 2015, Thomas was awarded as the inau-gural winner of the Walter Dean Myers Grant by The We Need Diverse Books Organization. In 2017, Thomas was recognized at the Mis-sissippi Book Festival for inspiring young Mis-sissippians that they too ‘‘can reach their dreams.’’ Thomas is the author of the No. 1 New York Times Bestseller novel, The Hate U Give, which pushes a powerful message of social justice and the issues facing African-Ameri-cans throughout this country. The novel was acquired by Balzer + Bray imprint of HarperCollins Publishers. The Hate U Give has received one of the highest amounts of starred reviews received for a young adult novel and will be published in over 20 countries. It has also been on a na-tional young adult best-seller list for over 80 weeks. In 2018, The Hate U Give was made into a movie and opened in select theaters on Octo-ber 5th. By mid-October, it was showing na-tionwide. The Hate U Give movie is directed by George Tillman and stars actress Amandla Stenberg. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Angie Thomas for her dedi-cation and tenacity to serving her community and desire to be an example for all. 
f 
LTC ANTHONY SOMOGYI TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor LTC Anthony Somogyi, a native of Pali-sade, Colorado, for his unwavering commit-ment to this nation as he prepares for retire-ment. LTC Somogyi graduated from Palisade High School in 1994, later attending the University of North Dakota on an Army ROTC Scholar-ship. After completing his degree in Aero-nautical studies with an emphasis in rotary wing aviation and a minor in Military Science, he went on to attend Army flight school at Fort Rucker, Alabama. LTC Somogyi began his military service when he was assigned to 1st Squadron, 10th U.S. Cavalry, 4th Infantry Division in Fort Hood. After a promotion, he was deployed to Operation Iraqi Freedom where he had the rare opportunity as an Aviator to serve as a crewmember on an M–3 Cavalry Fighting Ve-hicle and established the Tactical Operations Center and Remote Retransmission Sites for the squadron. Upon his return home, LTC Somogyi at-tended the Aviation Captain’s Career Course at Fort Rucker, where his hard work earned him a place in the last class to attend resident Combined Arms Services Staff School at Fort Leavenworth. While there, he completed the Aviation Maintenance Manager’s Course and the OH–58D Maintenance Test Pilot’s Course on his way to Fort Polk. After six months, LTC Somogyi took command of F Troop, 4th Squadron, 6th U.S. Cavalry in time to move the unit to Fort Lewis. Once he established operations, he spent a year as Commander before leaving Active Duty and moving back to Colorado. Most recently, he served as Commander at the High-Altitude ARNH Aviation Training Site. He trained students in power management and environmental flight techniques. In this ca-pacity, he routinely conducted search and res-cue missions in the mountainous regions of Colorado. LTC Somogyi’s lifelong work has re-sulted in his receiving the Bronze Star, Air Medal, Army Achievement Medal, two Meri-torious Service Medals, two Cavalry Spurs, and the Order of St. George. LTC Somogyi has not only had a fulfilling professional life, but a rich personal life as well. He married his high school sweetheart, Korey, and they were blessed with two daugh-ters, Noel and Andee. When he is not work-ing, LTC Somogyi spends most of his time in the great outdoors, either hunting, camping or fishing with his loved ones. Mr. Speaker, LTC Somogyi has dutifully served his nation for twenty years and his dedication will be remembered. It is my privi-lege to recognize him for the important work he has done throughout his life and I wish him all the best in his retirement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ABIGAIL PECK ON HER INDUCTION TO THE PENNSYLVANIA SPORTS HALL OF FAME 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor athlete Abigail Peck, who was inducted to the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame on November 3, 2018. Peck was among those honored during the annual meeting of the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame held in Plains, PA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.026 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1514 November 13, 2018 
Peck is an accomplished athlete in rowing. She was a 5-time member of the U.S. Na-tional Team, competing in the World Cham-pionships. She represented the United States at the Olympic Games in 1984 in Los Angeles, California, and in 1988 in Seoul, South Korea, where she served as team captain. She is decorated with 12 U.S. National Championship gold medals, two silver medals from the 1986 Goodwill Games in Moscow, USSR, a silver medal at the 1987 World Championships, and six wins at the Head of the Charles Regatta in Boston, Massachusetts. Peck has been recognized for her athletic prowess by being inducted into the North-eastern Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame in 1993, and in 2004, she was selected as No. 25 of NEPA Top 100 Athletes of All Time. Peck holds a bachelor’s degree from Skidmore College and a master’s degree from Smith College, and she created and runs free exercise programs for cancer patients. It is an honor to recognize Peck’s athletic achievements and her impressive career rep-resenting the United States on the world stage in the sport of rowing. It is fitting that she should be inducted as a member of the Penn-sylvania Sports Hall of Fame. I join with the members of the Hall of Fame in recognizing Peck’s career and celebrating her many ath-letic achievements and her current philan-thropic endeavors. 
f 
HONORING FORMER STATE REPRESENTATIVE CLEO DUNCAN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize former State Rep-resentative Cleo Duncan for her contribution to our state. For 16 years, Cleo represented South-eastern Indiana with honor and integrity in the Indiana General Assembly. As a former school teacher, Cleo worked to ensure Indiana’s stu-dents were best equipped to succeed. It was an honor to serve with her during my time at the Statehouse. On a personal note, I’ve known Cleo and her husband, John, since childhood. Their kids went to school with my brother and me, and their family has always been kind to us. The Duncans were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. They are loyal con-fidants and wise advisers. I want to thank Cleo and John for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MINISTER EDWARD O. D
UBOSE 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an exemplary civil rights leader, distinguished counselor, outstanding man of God, and dear friend of longstanding, Minister Edward O. DuBose. Minister DuBose celebrated his 60th birthday with family and friends on November 10, 2018. The Atlanta, Georgia native is the third old-est of ten children born to Carnell and Margie DuBose. He received his early education through the Atlanta Public School System and graduated from Harper High School in June 1976. On March 21, 1977, he joined the United States Army where he served honor-ably for 21 years before retiring on March 21, 1998. A man of great knowledge, Minister DuBose earned an Associate’s Degree in General Edu-cation, Associate’s and Bachelor’s Degrees in Business Administration, and a Master’s De-gree in Counseling and Psychology from Troy University. He also completed several certifi-cations to become a Licensed Professional Therapist. In 2008, he decided to use his ex-pertise in counseling by establishing Ever-lasting Peace Counseling and Support Serv-ices, LLC, which provides mental health coun-seling to at-risk youth and families throughout Georgia and Alabama. Minister DuBose later realized that his calling was to provide counsel for the mind as well as for the soul. He was ordained a Minister of the Gospel on March 18, 2012 at Peaceful Holiness Church where he worships. In addition to being an established coun-selor, Minister DuBose is also a prominent civil rights leader. He served as President of the Columbus, Georgia Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) from 1997 to 2005 and in 2009, he became the first Georgia State Con-ference NAACP President to be elected to the NAACP National Board of Directors. Under his leadership, he has effectively advocated for clemency, fair voter registration, and com-bating police misconduct. In 2005, he organized and led the largest protest march in the history of Columbus, Georgia—rallying over 15,000 people to call for justice after the death of Kenneth Walker in 2003. He also organized and led the first protest march in Douglas County, Georgia— rallying over 5,000 people which resulted in the ‘‘Douglasville Six’’ being freed from prison. In 2006, he led the Georgia State Conference NAACP in securing a settlement from the Georgia Secretary of State regarding voter registration irregularities. George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘How far you go in life depends on your being ten-der with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and toler-ant of the weak and strong because someday in your life you will have been all of these.’’ Minister DuBose has gone far in life because he has exemplified these traits with all those to whom he has encountered. Moreover, his love and commitment to Christ is reflected in his compassionate leadership, which makes him a guiding light within the community. Minister DuBose has accomplished much in his life but none of this would be possible without the love and support of his wife of 34 years, Cynthia, and their daughters, Cynthia, Casonya, and Kimberly. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House to join my wife Vivian and me, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Sec-ond Congressional District, in recognizing Min-ister Edward O. DuBose for his selfless serv-ice to God, our nation, and to humankind. We extend our best wishes to him on the occasion of his 60th birthday. f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD GATES OF WHITE COUNTY, ILLINOIS 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Richard Gates, an exemplary resi-dent of White County, Illinois, where Mr. Gates has diligently managed his 100-acre farming operation, Richard Gates Farm, for over fifty years. Throughout his career, Mr. Gates was not only a hard-working farmer, but also a dedi-cated public servant during his tenure with the U.S. Postal Service. Mr. Gates has dedicated his life to agri-culture by working tirelessly through dozens of long harvest seasons, allowing him to support his three children and nine grandchildren. He is also active in the agriculture community, having served as director for the Illinois Farm-er Elected Committee for approximately 30 years, including 5 years as the State Presi-dent. Additionally, he was a Director of the White County Farm Bureau from 2003 to 2015 and was a State Director of the Illinois Corn Growers from 2006 to 2016. Through the Illi-nois Corn Growers, he has had the oppor-tunity to travel to countries like Ireland to study agricultural techniques and to Cuba to work toward ending the trade embargo. He has also traveled to Washington, D.C. several times as an advocate for agriculture. Mr. Gates, along with his wife Janice, have generously opened their fourth-generation family-owned farm to hundreds of guests— from kindergarten students to nursing home residents. Their hospitality is well known and appreciated in the community. Mr. Speaker, I join with the entire Gates family in celebrating his lifetime of accomplish-ments and recognizing his service to our na-tion. His outstanding legacy of hard work and compassion lives on in each member of his family and in all of those who are fortunate to know him. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF LEONA JOHNSTON 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Mrs. Leona Johnston, a passionate educator, traveler, and dedicated political activist in Arizona. Leona devoted 30-plus years of her professional life teaching disadvantaged students in South Bend, Indiana, before retiring to Fountain Hills, Arizona, where she was deeply involved in local political activism in her community and throughout our state. She was a member of the Fountain Hills Republican Club, and the club named her ‘‘Republican of the Year 2005’’. She was also highly involved with the Arizona Federation of Republican Women, the Paradise Republican Women Club, the Na-tional Federation of Republican Women, the Arizona Republican Party, and Dodie Londen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.030 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1515 November 13, 2018 
To all who knew Leona, may we continue to cherish the memories of her wit, laughter, story-telling, love of family and friends, and commitment to the Republican Party. Leona served as a role model for political activism to better local communities. May we continue to honor her memory through our passion and service to our communities. 
f 
CELEBRATING LEO WOOD 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to celebrate the work of an excep-tional citizen of my Congressional District, Leo Wood of Georgetown, TX. His commitment to public service as a City Manager and Mayor represents Texas values at their best. Leo grew up in San Saba, Texas and at-tended Texas A&M University. In 1969, after serving as City Manager of Rosebud, TX, Leo and his family moved to Georgetown, TX, a city of just 5,500 people at the time. At his first city council meeting, he learned that the city was penniless. He rapidly put his financial management skills to use and built of coalition of concerned citizens, businesses, financial in-stitutions, Georgetown Independent School District, and local mainstays like Southwestern University and Texas Crusher Stone to save the city. His forward-thinking activism worked and, after retiring as City Manager in 1985, Leo left the city with over five million dollars in reserve funds and a renewed, optimist spirit. In 1992 Leo successfully ran for mayor, serving until 1997. Along with advocating for continued growth of Georgetown, one of his major accomplishments was the recruitment of Sun City, which he describes as ‘‘icing on the cake.’’ Leo’s commitment to community doesn’t stop when the workday ends. He’s been involved in numerous service organiza-tions in Georgetown, including The Steak Fry Group, started by Leo in 1968, which began as a small gathering in a friend’s back yard and has become an integral part of the fabric of Georgetown. This year marks the group’s 50th anniversary and the group has donated over $215,000 to very deserving charities. Leo Wood has been a key figure in making Georgetown the vibrant, growing city it is today. I join his colleagues, family, and friends in honoring his career and commending his commitment to public service. I wish my friend nothing but the best in the years ahead. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KATHLEEN PRINDLE ON HER INDUCTION TO THE PENNSYLVANIA SPORTS HALL OF FAME 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor coach Kathleen Prindle, who was inducted to the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame on November 3, 2018. Prindle was among those honored during the annual meet-ing of the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame held in Plains, PA. Prindle has excelled in the sport of swim-ming as both an athlete and coach. In 2011, she founded Performance Aquatics, a world- class, elite swim club for senior (ages 13+) athletes. Her unique training and business models have been adopted nationally. She has been instrumental in training swimming Olympians and Olympic hopefuls, both domes-tic and international athletes. She has trained swimmers to compete at the U.S. Olympic Trials, and prepared athletes to compete at the Olympic Games in Beijing in 2008, and Rio in 2016. She also coaches at the high school level at Grandview Preparatory School in Boca Raton, FL. Additionally, Prindle found-ed learn-to-swim programs in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Florida. Prindle also dedicates her time to the sport of swimming by serving as the Vice President of the American Swim Coaches Association Board of Directors, on the board of the Florida Gold Coast LSC, and on the Florida State High School Athletic Association Advisory Board. She was previously awarded the Amer-ican Swim Coaches Association Fellowship in 2010, and she served on USA Swimming’s Senior Development National Committee from 2012 to 2016. It is an honor to recognize Prindle’s impres-sive coaching achievements. It is fitting that she should be inducted as a member of the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame. I join with the members of the Hall of Fame in recog-nizing Prindle’s illustrious career and cele-brating her successes as a coach. f 
HONORING DI AND TONY SCHANTZ 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Di and Tony Schantz for their contributions to our state and their community. The Schantzs have made a positive and lasting impact in Ripley and Franklin counties. Our state is better off today because of their extraordinary leadership and service in their community. On a personal note, I will be forever grateful for Di and Tony’s prayers and their constant positive encouragement. Di has one of the best smiles you will ever see and both Di and Tony live lives that embody the principles of putting family first. The Schantzs were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. I want to thank Di and Tony for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish them continued suc-cess in all that God has planned for their fam-ily. 
f 
HONORING ELLIE COHEN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accomplishments of Ellie Cohen, who is stepping down as the President and CEO of Point Blue Conservation Science after 20 years oftransformative leadership. Recognized internationally for her work, Ellie Cohen has turned Point Blue from a regional bird observatory to a globally recognized pow-erhouse in climate-smart, multi-benefit con-servation. Born in Baltimore, Maryland, Ellie Cohen earned a bachelor’s degree in Botany from Duke University with honors. After moving to California in 1979 to conduct field studies in butterfly ecology, Ellie went on to earn a Mas-ter in Public Policy degree from the Harvard Kennedy School of Government. There she was honored with the first annual Robert F. Kennedy Public Service Award, voted on by her fellow students, as well as the coveted Policy Analysis Exercise Award. In 1999, Ellie Cohen became President and CEO of Point Blue (founded as Point Reyes Bird Observatory). During Ellie’s 20–year ten-ure, she managed significant growth of the or-ganization, from 30 employees with an annual operating budget of $2.5 million, to 180 em-ployees with an operating budget of $14 mil-lion. She also established a strong financial foundation including securing the organiza-tion’s 20,000 square foot headquarters and the Rich Stallcup Conservation Science Intern Center, both in Petaluma. Ellie Cohen was an early leader in pro-moting healthy ecosystems as essential to the climate change solution’s tool box for both mitigation and adaptation. In 2017, she se-cured recognition of Point Blue as an official observer organization to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and oversaw Point Blue’s contribu-tions to the UNFCCC’s considerations of how agriculture can be part of the climate solution. During Ellie Cohen’s impactful tenure, Point Blue’s scientists helped secure the largest Ma-rine Protected Area in the world at the Ross Sea Antarctica, helped protect 400,000 acres of post-fire Sierra forests for birds and other wildlife, and guided changes in shipping lanes of California’s coast to protect whales from ship strikes. Beyond improving Point Blue’s financial, re-search and conservation capabilities and im-pact, Ellie Cohen worked tirelessly to expand the organization’s partnerships which today in-clude thousands of local, regional, national and international agencies, governments, pri-vate landowners and fishers, as well as NGO’s, collaboratively bridging cultural divides through conservation science to advance a healthy future for wildlife and human commu-nities. Mr. Speaker, Ellie Cohen’s leadership has transformed Point Blue Conservation Science, and in the process has helped governments, private land owners, and our communities bet-ter prepare for the challenges of climate change through nature-based solutions. Therefore, please join me in thanking Ellie Cohen for her two decades of leadership and service to the public. f 
AMERICA’S ENDURING FRIENDSHIP WITH SERBIA 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for more than 130 years, Americans have had a close 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.034 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1516 November 13, 2018 
friendship with the Serbian people. Our troops fought side-by-side in both World War I and World War II, forging a strong bond between our nations. Today, Serbia remains an indis-pensable ally of the U.S. as we confront chal-lenges like ISIS together. This relationship has only deepened over the years due to our shared dedication to democracy and freedom. I recently returned from a trip to Serbia where I met with President Vucic and Prime Minister Brnabic. They are great friends to America and excellent representatives for Ser-bia. In our meetings they made clear how much the relationship with the United States matters to the security and prosperity of their country. Their only ask, was that America con-tinues to stand by Serbia as it works to inte-grate closer with the West. While I am retiring from Congress at the end of this year, and un-fortunately leaving my post as co-chair of the Serbia caucus, I assured them that there was no doubt that the U.S. is committed to its friendship with Serbia so long as Serbia re-mains committed to peace and democracy. Serbia has no stronger partner on than the United States. We have shown this in action. For example, about 60 percent of Serbia’s overseas military training and education takes place within the United States. Serbia recog-nized the value of this relationship and signed an agreement to deepen cooperation with the U.S. and our NATO allies two years ago. This is a big deal considering just 20 years ago, NATO and Serbia were on opposite sides of a war. Beyond military cooperation, we are also working to forge closer economic ties and strengthen Serbia’s democracy. Rule of law and transparency are making major gains in Serbia that will allow for increased American investment. All of this will bring our countries closer together, ensuring bright peaceful fu-tures for the Balkan region and ourselves. Belgrade and Washington must continue to build our partnership to accomplish our shared goals. I am excited to see the ties between our countries grow. I am convinced that so long as we remain committed to democratic values, America and Serbia will have an en-during friendship for generations. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF JOHN SNYDER 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, on this Vet-erans Day weekend, it is my honor to recog-nize the life of John Snyder. As a proud Vet-eran of the Second World War and an up-standing member of his community, John is an indispensable part of Michigan’s First District. John served in the U.S. Navy as a pilot from 1940 until 1945—from before the attack on Pearl Harbor to when we reached the shores of Japan. He served as a flight instructor and flight leader, never losing a pilot under his command. During the Island-Hopping cam-paign, John flew throughout the South Pacific on his Grumman F6F Hellcat fighter and shot down several enemy aircraft over the course of the war. As an officer with several decora-tions, John is proud of his military service and enjoys sharing his experience with others. For the United States, World War II was a turning point. As citizens, we found strength in a common purpose, found the ties that bind us together, and displayed the impenetrable force of American democracy. Over 400,000 Amer-ican lives were lost—lives given in the defense of freedom. We owe John and his brothers in arms an enormous debt of gratitude. Veterans Day weekend gave those in Michigan’s First District an opportunity to show their thanks for the sacrifices demanded of John and all of our servicemen and women. He has served our nation willingly, honorably, and without bias. John was recognized on Veterans Day, No-vember 11th, at American Legion Post 114 in Greenwood, Michigan. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor today to ac-knowledge the extraordinary life of John Sny-der. I ask that you join with me and the people of Michigan’s First District in thanking him for his unwavering commitment to our nation and its people. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JACK HENZES ON HIS INDUCTION TO THE PENNSYLVANIA SPORTS HALL OF FAME 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor coach Jack Henzes, who was inducted to the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame on November 3, 2018. Henzes was among those honored during the annual meet-ing of the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame held in Plains, PA. Henzes has been coaching football at Dun-more High School since 1971, where he led the Bucks to a Class A state championship in 1989. His record of 421 wins, 159 losses, and 8 ties positions him as the winningest active Pennsylvania coach. Under his tutelage, Dun-more has won ten district titles, including four straight titles, and the Bucks are currently the defending District 2 Class 2A Champion. Henzes was inducted to the Luzerne County Sports Hall of Fame in 1989, made a member of the 200 Wins Club by the Pennsylvania Coaches Association, and inducted to the Na-tional High School Coaches Hall of Fame in 2009. It is an honor to recognize Coach Henzes’ impressive coaching career. It is fitting that he should be inducted as a member of the Penn-sylvania Sports Hall of Fame. I join with the members of the Hall of Fame in recognizing his illustrious career and profound impact on the Dunmore High School football program and two generations of student-athletes. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. SARAH STEWART 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to an out-standing businesswoman, dedicated public servant, mentor to many, and compassionate philanthropist, Mrs. Sarah Stewart. Sadly, Mrs. Stewart passed away on Tuesday, October 23, 2018 at the age of 83. The funeral service was held on Thursday, November 1, 2018, at 2 p.m. at the Stewart Community Home in Co-lumbus, Georgia. At the age of fifteen, Sarah, already an ac-complished homemaker, married Harold Stew-art, an airman, and traveled with him to his various assignments. Their family would later expand with the arrival of their six children. As a military family of eight, the Stewarts found time to serve as active volunteers in their communities, once heading three Girl Scout troops simultaneously. Sarah’s passion for service and philanthropy continued during her career as a midwife in the Philippines, an operating room supervisor in the Raiford Prison Hospital, and an active parole volunteer for VISTA. After serving at Raiford and reuniting with her father who was living in poverty, she was inspired to open a ‘‘boarding care home’’ to help people in similar conditions who were medically or financially ineligible for nursing home care. During one of her many visits to her mother in Columbus, Georgia, she spotted an ancient, deteriorating home at 1400 Third Avenue that she wanted to rent and renovate. Everyone thought she was crazy to rent this home because of the extensive damage and the costly repair re-quired to fix it. Nevertheless, Mrs. Stewart did not allow the opinions of her critics to deter her vision. In April 1976, (a month after obtain-ing the property) and with the help of family and the manager of the rental property, she opened ‘‘The Home for Senior Citizens’’ (now The Stewart Community Home), the first boarding care home in the community. Over the years, the Stewart Community Home expanded to include several homes throughout the Columbus area. Then, on April 30, 1994, when Columbus native Dorothy (Dot) Wells Knight died, the Knight Founda-tion, Inc. honored her by making a substantial donation to the Stewart Community Home, her favorite charity. This allowed for the purchase of the Edwina Wood School and sparked a nearly two million dollar renovation project, al-lowing for the housing of seventy-six resi-dents. Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘A great soul serves everyone all the time. A great soul never dies.’’ Sarah Stewart was one such great soul, who served humanity in a special way. Each day she graced the people around her with an enthusiastic sincerity of presence. Her legacy on this earth extends beyond her-self to those whom she inspired and sup-ported. For her selfless dedication to others, she will always be remembered. Sarah accomplished many things in her life but none of these would have been possible without the enduring support of her husband, Harold; their children, David, Harold, Jr., Charles, Carolyn, Ruth, and Teresa; and the countless others who positively impacted her life over the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District, in paying tribute to Mrs. Sarah Stew-art, for her outstanding legacy of service and philanthropy as we extend our deepest condo-lences to Sarah’s family and friends. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith in the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.039 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1517 November 13, 2018 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO NATIONAL SECURITY COMMIS-SION ON ARTIFICIAL INTEL-LIGENCE 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise as the ranking member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce to appoint Timothy R. Robinson to the National Security Commis-sion on Artificial Intelligence temporarily. I am taking this action today to preserve my ap-pointment authority to name a member to this commission. Upon conducting a thorough review of suit-able candidates for appointment, it is my in-tention to submit the name of another indi-vidual, who will replace Mr. Robinson. My au-thority to effectuate this appointment or any fu-ture replacement appointment is set forth in section 1051 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. 
f 
HONORING DAVE ADAMS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Dave Adams for his contribution to our state and Shelby County. As Superintendent of Shelbyville Central Schools, Dave dedicates himself to Hoosier students and teachers every single day. Dave also served on our 6th Congressional District Education Advisory Committee and regularly met with my team to discuss important edu-cation issues in Indiana. Our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service, and I wish him the best in his re-tirement in 2019. On a personal note, I have known Dave for over 20 years, and I’m proud of the work we did together to improve high school graduation rates in our state and Shelby County. Dave is a loyal confidant and wise adviser. Dave and his wife, Cindy, are among my closest friends in public life. They were among my earliest and most vocal supporters. I want to thank them for their friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish them contin-ued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
HONORING THE 95TH BIRTHDAY OF MILDRED L. NEWMAN 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 95th birthday of Mildred Newman. Mildred was born on November 11, 1923 in Louisville, Kentucky. She and her husband Charles moved to Piedmont, Alabama from Kentucky and later to Oxford, Alabama. In 1958, they took their life savings and opened the Oxford Lumber Com-pany. Mildred continues to be an integral part of the operation today. This year, as we celebrate Mildred’s 95th birthday, we also celebrate Oxford Lumber’s 60th Anniversary. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 95th birthday of Mildred Newman. f 
HONORING HORACE HAMILTON, JR. 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to join the City of Leander and its His-torical Preservation Commission as they honor Horace Hamilton, Jr. for his service to our great nation. A survivor of one of America’s darkest days, he embodies the fighting spirit and patriotism that speaks to the best of our shared Texas values. Shortly after joining the U.S. Navy, Hamilton boarded the USS Phoenix which came to port at Pearl Harbor in early December 1941. A few days later, on an early Sunday morning, the Japanese launched a devastating surprise attack that propelled America into WWII. Ham-ilton and his crew reacted quickly and began pulling survivors from the water. They worked tirelessly, disregarding their own safety in waters covered in burning oil, only focusing on getting their fellow sailors out of danger. History rarely gives us turning points as stark as December 7, 1941. The sneak attack at Pearl Harbor ushered in a nation so power-ful and generous that nearly every country on earth looks to America for our leadership, our vision, and our altruistic pursuit of liberty and freedom for all. Hamilton went on to bravely serve through-out WWII, participating in major naval conflicts including the Battle of Surigao Strait, hailed as one of the greatest battles of the Pacific The-ater. One of his last duties aboard the Phoenix was to pick up survivors of the Battan Death March and deliver them to hospitals to recover from their ordeal. Horace Hamilton, Jr., along with his brothers and sisters of the Greatest Generation, helped lay the foundation for lasting peace across the globe and put the world on notice that Amer-ica will forever stand against tyranny. I salute his service and join his family and friends in wishing him nothing but the best for the years ahead. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO NATIONAL SECURITY COMMIS-SION ON ARTIFICIAL INTEL-LIGENCE 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to section 1051 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232), I hereby appoint Eric Horvitz as the individual to serve as a member of the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence. HONORING DANA AND AUDRA CALDWELL HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Dana and Audra Caldwell for their contributions to our state and their community. The Caldwells are an institution in East Central Indiana and are some of the best peo-ple I have had the pleasure of knowing during my time in Congress. They are both very in-volved in the community and have spent years volunteering their time and resources for com-munity organizations. Dana and Audra’s em-bodiment of ‘‘Hoosier hospitality’’ has truly made a difference in their community and I know our state is better off today because of their extraordinary leadership and service. For six years, the annual 6th District Messer family picnic was hosted at the Caldwell family farm. Our family is grateful for the Caldwell’s extraordinary friendship. They are loyal con-fidants and wise advisers. I would also like to thank Dana and Audra for their incredible support of my work in Con-gress. The Messer family cherishes the time we get to spend with them and we wish the Caldwells all the best in whatever God has planned for their family. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO NATIONAL SECURITY COMMIS-SION ON ARTIFICIAL INTEL-LIGENCE 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to section 1051 of the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232), I hereby ap-point Dr. Eric Schmidt as the individual to serve as a member of the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO NATIONAL SECURITY COMMIS-SION ON ARTIFICIAL INTEL-LIGENCE 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to nominate Dr. Steve Chien to sit on the Na-tional Security Commission on Artificial Intel-ligence, pursuant to section 105 of H.R. 5515, the John S. McCain National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. Dr. Chien is the Technical Group Supervisor of the Artificial Intelligence Group at the Jet Propulsion Lab-oratory, California Institute of Technology. The commission was established to review advances in artificial intelligence, competitive-ness of the United States in artificial intel-ligence and machine learning and the means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.043 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1518 November 13, 2018 
to maintain a technological advantage in areas of national security and defense. The commis-sion will consist of 15 members appointed by legislative and executive branch leaders and will terminate on October 1, 2020. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAYOR PEGGY HAMMACK 
HON. ERIC A. ‘‘RICK’’ CRAWFORD 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, Mayor Peggy Hammack is a life-long resident of Cot-ter, a small town in Baxter County, with fewer than 1000 people, perhaps best known for being the trout fishing capital of the U.S. The mayor began working for the City of Cotter in 1971 when she was 14, as a youth worker in a summer program. After finishing high school, she went back to work for the city as secretary to Mayor Rex Bayless, later transferring to the water department, eventually working her way up to Department Supervisor where she served for 13 years. Mayor Hammack transitioned to elected office, winning the race for City Recorder. In 2010 she was elected Mayor, and was re-elected in 2014. Mayor Hammack is retiring on December 31st of this year after 30 years of service to the city of Cotter. As Mayor, she has raised and invested over a million dollars for projects and equipment to the city for the fire, police, street, parks, and water departments. Mayor Hammack is a true public servant. Cotter is better off today with her hard work and achievements as city employee and as Mayor. I appreciate all the hard work Mayor Hammack has done, and I hope Congress will join me in wishing her a wonderful and enjoy-able retirement. 
f 
HONORING CHUCK WAGGONER 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Chuck Waggoner for his contribution to our state and Jennings County. From his time with the Indiana State Police to his volunteer work with the United Way, and countless other endeavors, Chuck has served his community with honor and distinction. Our state is better off today because of his extraor-dinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Chuck was among my earliest and most vocal supporters. He is a loyal friend and wise adviser. I thank Chuck for his friendship and support of my work in Congress and wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his fam-ily. f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE NATIONAL SECURITY COM-MISSION ON ARTIFICIAL INTEL-LIGENCE 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to section 1051 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (P.L. 115–232), I appoint Mr. Greg Zerzan of Alexandria, Virginia, to the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence. 
f 
CONGRATULATING GEORGETOWN, TEXAS 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to congratulate Historic Downtown Georgetown, Texas for being recognized as one of 2018’s Great Places in America by the American Planning Association. Great Place designees represent the gold standard in urban planning behind the neighborhoods, streets, and public spaces communities love. One of the most vibrant cities in Central Texas, Georgetown is a deserving recipient of this prestigious honor. Over the past 10 years, Georgetown city of-ficials, planning professionals, and citizen ad-vocates have worked tirelessly to preserve the Victorian charm and uniqueness of Historic Downtown Georgetown. This 40-block district is the center of community life and displays environmentally-friendly practices through al-ternative energy sources, green infrastructure, robust public transportation accessibility, na-tive plants, and well-maintained historic build-ings. Downtown Georgetown has become a point of pride for residents and a growing tour-ist attraction that regularly hosts widely-at-tended civic events such as the annual Red Poppy Festival, which brings over 60,000 peo-ple to the Town Square. I salute the forward-thinking efforts of city planners and involved citizens who have made Georgetown, Texas an ideal place to live. Their commitment to smart and sustainable design has benefitted the entire region and I’m glad that the American Planning Association has recognized their great work. f 
HONORING THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF OXFORD LUMBER 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 60th Anniversary of Oxford Lumber. In February of 1958, Charles W. and Mil-dred L. Newman founded Oxford Lumber as a business supply company at 4th and Barry Streets in Oxford, Alabama. Mr. Newman moved to Piedmont from Ken-tucky and then to Oxford in 1958. He took his savings and started the company and had his wife, who was a Registered Nurse, join the business soon after. To this day, Mrs. New-man is still an active part of the business and serves as Secretary/Treasurer of the com-pany. In 1988, Oxford Lumber moved into its present facility at 1400 Barry Street on the corner of Highway 78 West. In 1963, they joined Ace Hardware Corpora-tion and put in a full line of hardware, paint, plumbing, electrical and tools. Since then, they founded three other home centers: Roanoke Home Center in 1973, Talladega Home Center in 1998 and Jacksonville Home Center in 2007. This year, as we celebrate Mildred’s 95th birthday, we also celebrate Oxford Lumber’s 60th Anniversary. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 60th Anniversary of Oxford Lumber and congratulating them on years of success. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO NATIONAL SECURITY COMMIS-SION ON ARTIFICIAL INTEL-LIGENCE 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 13, 2018 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to Sec-tion 1051 of the John S. McCain National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232), I hereby appoint Safra Catz to serve as a member of the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13NO8.050 E13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D1161 Tuesday, November 13, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6903–S6935 Measures Introduced: Five bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3610–3614, S. Res. 686, and S. Con. Res. 50.
                  Pages S6924–25 
Measures Reported: S. 2242, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to clarify the authority of the Administrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration with respect to post-storm assessments, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–347) S. 3265, to require the Secretary of Commerce to undertake certain activities to support waterfront community revitalization and resiliency. (S. Rept. No. 115–348) Report to accompany S. 2827, to amend the Mor-ris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act. (S. Rept. No. 115–349) Report to accompany S. 1537, to amend the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act to re-authorize the Act. (S. Rept. No. 115–350) Report to accompany H.R. 2825, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain im-provements in the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (S. Rept. No. 115–351) S. 2374, to amend the Improper Payments Elimi-nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, in-cluding making changes to the Do Not Pay Initia-tive, for improved detection, prevention, and recov-ery of improper payments to deceased individuals, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–352) S. 3047, to establish a narcotic drug screening technology pilot program to combat illicit opioid importation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–353) S. 3484, to modernize Federal grant reporting, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–354) H.R. 5079, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Se-curity to develop an engagement strategy with fu-sion centers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–355)                  Page S6924 
House Messages: Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the amendment of the House of Representatives to S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, taking ac-tion of the following motions and amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                      Pages S6904–08 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Thune) Modified Amendment No. 4054, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S6904 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 93 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. 240), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Thune) Modified Amendment No. 4054 (listed above).
                                                  Page S6908 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany the bill at approximately 2 p.m., on Wednesday, November 14, 2018, and Senate vote on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Thune) Modified Amendment No. 4054.
                     Page S6908 
Appointments: National Commission on Military Aviation Safety: The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Majority Leader of the Senate and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1162 November 13, 2018 
the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services, appointed the following individual as a member of the National Commission on Military Aviation Safe-ty: General Richard A. Cody, USA (ret.), of Vermont.
                                                                        Page S6929 
National Commission on Military Aviation Safety: The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Democratic Leader of the Senate and the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services, appointed the following individual as a member of the National Commission on Military Aviation Safety: Peter B. Mapes, of Michigan. 
                                                                                            Page S6929 
National Security Commission on Artificial In-telligence: The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Democratic Leader of the Senate and the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services, appointed the following indi-vidual as a member of the National Security Com-mission on Artificial Intelligence: Robert O. Work, of Virginia.
                                                                   Page S6929 
National Security Commission on Artificial In-telligence: The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Majority Leader of the Senate and the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services, appointed the following individual as a member of the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence: The Honorable Katharina McFarland.
                                                                    Page S6929 
National Security Commission on Artificial In-telligence: The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Majority Leader of the Senate and the Chairman of the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation, appointed the following individual as a member of the National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence: Jose- Marie Griffiths, of South Dakota.
                     Page S6929 
National Security Commission on Artificial In-telligence: The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–232, on behalf of the Democratic Leader of the Senate and the Ranking Member of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, ap-pointed the following individual as a member of the National Security Commission on Artificial Intel-ligence: Dr. Ken Ford, of Florida.
                    Page S6929 
Certain Defense Articles and Services to the Government of the Kingdom of Bahrain— Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at a time to be deter-mined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, but no later than November 16, 2018, Senator Paul or his designee be recognized to make a motion to discharge S.J. Res. 65, relating to the disapproval of the proposed export to the Government of the Kingdom of Bahrain of certain defense articles and services; that there be up to an hour of debate on the motion equally divided be-tween the proponents and the opponents, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, Sen-ate vote on or in relation to the motion to discharge; and that if the motion to discharge is agreed to, the joint resolution be eligible for the expedited proce-dures under the Act.                                                Page S6908 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Janice Miriam Hellreich, of Hawaii, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2024. Bruce M. Ramer, of California, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Pub-lic Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2024. Aurelia Skipwith, of Indiana, to be Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. George M. Marcus, of California, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Millennium Chal-lenge Corporation for a term of three years. Edward F. Crawford, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to Ireland. Kenneth A. Howery, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Sweden. Mary Catherine Phee, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador to the State of Qatar. David Stilwell, of Hawaii, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of State (East Asian and Pacific Affairs). William I. Althen, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Com-mission for a term of six years expiring August 30, 2024. Mary Anne Carter, of Tennessee, to be Chair-person of the National Endowment for the Arts for a term of four years. Arthur R. Traynor III, of the District of Colum-bia, to be a Member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission for a term of six years expiring August 30, 2024. Joseph F. Bianco, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit. Stanley Blumenfeld, of California, to be United States District Judge for the Central District of Cali-fornia. Brian C. Buescher, of Nebraska, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska. Patrick J. Bumatay, of California, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Gary B. Burman, of Kentucky, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Kentucky for the term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1163 November 13, 2018 
Daniel P. Collins, of California, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Clifton L. Corker, of Tennessee, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Ten-nessee. Philip M. Halpern, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York. Kenneth Kiyul Lee, of California, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Thomas Marcelle, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of New York. Matthew Walden McFarland, of Ohio, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Ohio. Michael H. Park, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit. Jeremy B. Rosen, of California, to be United States District Judge for the Central District of Cali-fornia. Mark C. Scarsi, of California, to be United States District Judge for the Central District of California. Aaron L. Weisman, of Rhode Island, to be United States Attorney for the District of Rhode Island for the term of four years. John Barsa, of Florida, to be an Assistant Admin-istrator of the United States Agency for International Development. 58 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.
                                             Pages S6929–35 
Messages from the House:           Pages S6914–15, S6915 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6915 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6915–24 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6925–27 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6927–28 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6912–14 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6929 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6929 Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—240)
                                                                Page S6908 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:32 p.m., until 2 p.m. on Wednesday, November 14, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6929.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Steven Dillingham, of Virginia, to be Director of the Census, Department of Commerce, and Michael Kubayanda, of Ohio, to be a Commis-sioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Paul B. Matey, of New Jersey, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Jean-Paul Boulee, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Georgia, James David Cain, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, who was introduced by Senator Cassidy, Damon Ray Leichty, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, and J. Nicholas Ranjan, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BIG BANK BANKRUPTCY Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine big bank bankruptcy, focusing on ten years after Lehman Brothers, after receiving testimony from Donald S. Bernstein, Davis Polk and Wardwell LLP, and Stephen E. Hessler, Kirkland and Ellis LLP, both of New York, New York; and Mark J. Roe, Harvard Law School, Cambridge, Mas-sachusetts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1164 November 13, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 5 public bills, H.R. 7119–7123; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 141; and H. Res. 1143–1145 were introduced. 
                                                                                            Page H9510 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9510–11 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5326, to amend titles 14 and 46, United States Code, to make technical corrections with re-spect to Coast Guard and shipping authorities, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1015); H.R. 5319, to transfer Coast Guard property in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclusion in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge (H. Rept. 115–1016, Part 1); H.R. 2593, to authorize appropriations for the Federal Maritime Commission for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–1017); H.R. 4673, to create opportunities for women in the aviation industry, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1018); H.R. 6175, to enhance maritime safety, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1019); H.R. 6206, to direct the Commandant of the Coast Guard to establish a Blue Technology center of expertise, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1020); H.R. 6622, to designate the Federal building lo-cated at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–1021); and H. Res. 1142, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6784) to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and pro-viding for proceedings during the period from No-vember 19, 2018, through November 26, 2018 (H. Rept. 115–1022).
                                              Pages H9509–10 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bost to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9473 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:46 p.m.
                                                   Page H9474 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl Congressional Gold Medal Act: H.R. 2740, to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl in recognition of his acts of valor dur-ing World War II;                                           Pages H9474–75 
National Geologic Mapping Act Reauthorization Act: H.R. 4033, to reauthorize the National Geo-logic Mapping Act of 1992;
                        Pages H9475–76 
Flatside Wilderness Enhancement Act: H.R. 5636, amended, to designate additions to the Flatside Wilderness on the Ouachita National Forest; 
                                                                                    Pages H9478–79 
Renaming the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge: H.R. 6064, to rename the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge, by a 2/3 yea- and-nay vote of 385 yeas to 4 nays with two answer-ing ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 416;
         Pages H9479–80, H9498 
Establishing a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota: S. 440, amended, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota; 
                                                                                    Pages H9480–82 
Establishing a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota: S. 2074, amended, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota; 
                                                                                    Pages H9482–83 
Cottonwood Land Exchange Act of 2018: H.R. 6146, amended, to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in Yavapai County, Ari-zona;
                                                                         Pages H9483–84 
Gulf Islands National Seashore Land Exchange Act: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2615, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 375 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 417; 
                                                                      Pages H9484–85, H9501 
World War II Pacific Sites Establishment Act: H.R. 5706, to establish the Pearl Harbor National Memorial in the State of Hawai’i and the Honouliuli National Historic Site in the State of Hawai’i; 
                                                                                    Pages H9485–87 
PEPFAR Extension Act of 2018: H.R. 6651, amended, to extend certain authorities relating to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1165 November 13, 2018 
United Sates efforts to combat HIV/AIDS, tuber-culosis, and malaria globally;
                      Pages H9488–91 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To extend certain authorities relating to United States efforts to com-bat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria globally, and for other purposes.’’.
                                       Page H9491 
Affirming strong United States-Liberia ties and support for democratic principles, and call for full implementation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission recommendations, including the estab-lishment of an Extraordinary Criminal Tribunal for Liberia: H. Res. 1055, to affirm strong United States-Liberia ties and support for democratic prin-ciples, and call for full implementation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission recommendations, including the establishment of an Extraordinary Criminal Tribunal for Liberia;
                    Pages H9491–93 
Affirming United States-Australia cooperation on space research, exploration, and utilization: H. Res. 1052, affirming United States-Australia co-operation on space research, exploration, and utiliza-tion; and
                                                                 Pages H9493–95 
Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership Act of 2018: H.R. 6018, amended, to establish an inter-agency program to assist countries in the Sahel, Maghreb, and adjacent regions of Africa to improve immediate and long-term capabilities to counter ter-rorist threats;
                                                       Pages H9495–97 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To establish an interagency program to assist countries in North and West Africa to improve immediate and long-term capabilities to counter terrorist threats, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                                     Page H9497 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:58 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H9497 
Oath of Office—Twenty-Fifth Congressional Dis-trict of New York: Representative-elect Joseph D. Morelle presented himself in the well of the House and was administered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Earlier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a facsimile copy of a letter received from Mr. Robert Brehm and Mr. Todd Valentine, Co-Executive Direc-tors, New York State Board of Elections, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Spe-cial Election held November 6, 2018, the Honorable Joseph D. Morelle was elected Representative to Congress for the Twenty-Fifth Congressional Dis-trict, State of New York.
                                      Page H9499 
Oath of Office—First Congressional District of Oklahoma: Representative-elect Kevin Hern pre-sented himself in the well of the House and was ad-ministered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Ear-lier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a scanned copy of a letter received from the Honorable Mary Fallin, Governor of Oklahoma, indicating that, ac-cording to the preliminary results of the Special Election held November 6, 2018, the Honorable Kevin Hern was elected Representative to Congress for the First Congressional District, State of Okla-homa.                                                                               Page H9499 
Oath of Office—Seventh Congressional District of Pennsylvania: Representative-elect Mary Gay Scanlon presented herself in the well of the House and was administered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Earlier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a scanned copy of a letter received from Mr. Jona-than Marks, Commissioner, Bureau Commissions, Election and Legislation, Department of State, Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania, indicating that, accord-ing to the preliminary results of the Special Election held November 6, 2018, the Honorable Mary Gay Scanlon was elected Representative to Congress for the Seventh Congressional District, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
                                                          Page H9499 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentleman from New York, the gentleman from Oklahoma, and the gen-tlewoman from Pennsylvania, the whole number of the House is 431.
                                                      Page H9500 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agen-cy Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3359, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity Agency of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity.
                                                                           Pages H9501–06 
Condemning the anti-Semitic attack on the building housing three congregations, Tree of Life, Dor Hadash, and New Light, honoring the memory of the victims of the attack, and offer-ing condolences to and expressing support for their families, friends, and community: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 1138, condemning the anti-Semitic at-tack on the building housing three congregations, Tree of Life, Dor Hadash, and New Light, honoring the memory of the victims of the attack, and offer-ing condolences to and expressing support for their families, friends, and community, as amended by Representative Foxx.
                                        Pages H9506–07 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that the order of the House of January 8, 2018, regarding morning-hour debate not apply tomorrow. 
                                                                                            Page H9507 
Order of Business—Suspension: Agreed by unani-mous consent that further proceedings on the ques-tions of agreeing to the motion to suspend the rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1166 November 13, 2018 
with regard to H.R. 5787, may continue to be post-poned through the legislative day of Friday, Novem-ber 16, 2018, as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H9507 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to grant to States and local governments easements and rights-of-way over Federal land within Gate-way National Recreation Area for construction, op-eration, and maintenance of projects for control and prevention of flooding and shoreline erosion: H.R. 6666, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to grant to States and local governments easements and rights-of-way over Federal land within Gateway National Recreation Area for construction, operation, and maintenance of projects for control and preven-tion of flooding and shoreline erosion.
   Pages H9487–88 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9498 and H9501. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:45 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MANAGE OUR WOLVES ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 6784, the ‘‘Manage our Wolves Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 6–2, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 6784 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from November 19, 2018, through November 26, 2018: the Journal of the pro-ceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speak-er may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. Finally, in section 4, the rule provides the provisions of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546) shall not apply to House Concur-rent Resolution 138. Testimony was heard from Representative Westerman. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1135) 
H.R. 1551, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from ad-vanced nuclear power facilities. Signed on October 11, 2018. (Public Law 115–264) S. 3508, to reauthorize and amend the Marine De-bris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris. Signed on October 11, 2018. (Public Law 115–265) S. 2269, to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years. Signed on Octo-ber 11, 2018. (Public Law 115–266) S. 3354, to amend the Missing Children’s Assist-ance Act. Signed on October 11, 2018. (Public Law 115–267) S. 3509, to reauthorize the Congressional Award Act. Signed on October 11, 2018. (Public Law 115–268) H.R. 4921, to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transpor-tation. Signed on October 16, 2018. (Public Law 115–269) S. 3021, to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to provide for water pollution control ac-tivities. Signed on October 23, 2018. (Public Law 115–270) H.R. 6, to provide for opioid use disorder preven-tion, recovery, and treatment. Signed on October 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–271) S. 1595, to amend the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 to impose addi-tional sanctions with respect to Hizballah. Signed on October 25, 2018. (Public Law 115–272) H.R. 6758, to direct the Under Secretary of Com-merce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, in con-sultation with the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration, to study and provide rec-ommendations to promote the participation of women, minorities, and veterans in entrepreneurship activities and the patent system, to extend by 8 years the Patent and Trademark Office’s authority to set the amounts for the fees it charges. Signed on Octo-ber 31, 2018. (Public Law 115–273) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1167 November 13, 2018 
H.R. 6896, to provide for the continued perform-ance of the functions of the United States Parole Commission. Signed on October 31, 2018. (Public Law 115–274) H.R. 1037, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs. Signed on November 3, 2018. (Public Law 115–275) H.R. 3834, to provide that members of public safety agencies who died of 9/11-related health con-ditions are eligible for the Presidential 9/11 Heroes Medal of Valor. Signed on November 3, 2018. (Pub-lic Law 115–276) H.R. 6870, to rename the Stop Trading on Con-gressional Knowledge Act of 2012 in honor of Rep-resentative Louise McIntosh Slaughter. Signed on November 3, 2018. (Public Law 115–277) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cyberse-curity, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense’s cybersecurity acquisition and practices from the private sector, 3 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Patricia Mahoney, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Benin, Richard Carlton Paschall III, of North Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, and Susan N. Stevenson, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equa-torial Guinea, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 1942, to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 2788, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer juris-diction on the State of North Dakota over offenses com-mitted by or against Indians on the Devils Lake Indian Reservation’’, H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and H.R. 4032, to confirm undocu-mented Federal rights-of-way or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, 3 p.m., SD–628. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities; and Subcommittee on Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Protection of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Interagency Cyber Cooperation: Roles, Responsibilities and Authorities of the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security’’, 3 p.m., 2118 Ray-burn. A portion of this hearing will be closed. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Semi-Annual Testimony on the Federal Re-serve’s Supervision and Regulation of the Financial Sys-tem’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of State Counterterrorism Bureau: En-suring Resources Match Objectives’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Tech-nology Modernization, hearing entitled ‘‘180-Day Review of the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of November 14 through November 16, 2018 Senate Chamber On Wednesday, Senate will continue consideration of the House message to accompany S. 140, Amend-ing the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act, and vote on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Thune) Modified Amend-ment No. 4054. Following disposition of the House message to ac-company S. 140, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Michelle Bow-man, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: November 14, Sub-committee on Cybersecurity, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense’s cybersecurity acquisition and practices from the private sector, 3 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: No- vember 15, to hold hearings to examine the semiannual testimony on the Federal Reserve’s supervision and regu-lation of the financial system, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: November 15, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Rita Baranwal, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Nuclear Energy), Bernard L. McNamee, of Vir-ginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and Raymond David Vela, of Texas, to be Director of the National Park Service, Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1168 November 13, 2018 Committee on Environment and Public Works: November 15, to hold hearings to examine funding needs for wild-life conservation, recovery, and management, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: November 15, business meeting to consider the nominations of Andrew M. Saul, of New York, to be Commissioner of Social Security for the term expiring January 19, 2019, and Gail S. Ennis, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, both of the Social Security Administration, and Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: November 14, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Patricia Mahoney, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Benin, Richard Carlton Paschall III, of North Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, and Susan N. Stevenson, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: November 15, to hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Ronald D. Vitiello, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, and Richard S. Tischner, of Virginia, to be Director of the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: November 14, business meeting to consider S. 1942, to direct the Attorney Gen-eral to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address missing and mur-dered Indians; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 2788, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of North Dakota over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Devils Lake Indian Reservation’’, H.R. 2606, to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and H.R. 4032, to confirm undocumented Federal rights-of-way or ease-ments on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the ben-efit of the Gila River Indian Community, 3 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: November 15, business meet-ing to consider S. 2432, to amend the charter of the Fu-ture Farmers of America, H.R. 4100, to amend title 36, United States Code, to revise the Federal charter for the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association, S. 3339 and H.R. 3996, bills to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer certain cases to United States Tax Court, and the nominations of Bridget S. Bade, of Arizona, and Eric D. Miller, of Washington, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Eric E. Murphy, of Ohio, and Chad A. Readler, of Ohio, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Allison Jones Rushing, of North Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Rossie David Alston, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Virginia, Thomas P. Barber, and Wendy Williams Berger, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida, Pamela A. Barker, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Ohio, Karin J. Immergut, to be United States District Judge for the District of Oregon, Corey Landon Maze, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Ala-bama, Sarah Daggett Morrison, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Ohio, Rodney Smith, to be United States District Judge for the South-ern District of Florida, T. Kent Wetherell II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Richard A. Hertling, of Maryland, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, and Kim Gaffney, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Wisconsin, Bradley Jay LaRose, to be United States Marshal for the District of Vermont, and Douglas J. Strike, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Iowa, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: November 15, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Natural Resources, November 15, Full Committee, markup on pending legislation, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, November 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Mis-conduct and Retaliation at the U.S. Forest Service’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, November 15, Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring VA’s Oversight of Contract Disability Examinations’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. November 15, Subcommittee on Economic Oppor-tunity, hearing entitled ‘‘A Continued Review of GI Bill Payment Delays’’, 4 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform: November 15, business meeting to markup the Committee’s report, recommendations, and legislative language, 10:30 a.m., 1334, Longworth Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1169 November 13, 2018 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 148 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 516 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through October 31, 2018 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 159 145 . . Time in session ................................... 869 hrs., 47 ′ 583 hrs., 9′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 6,895 9,460 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,483 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 54 120 174 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . 1 1 Bills in conference ............................... 2 2 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 426 656 1,082 Senate bills .................................. 88 56 . . House bills .................................. 119 477 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 4 2 . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 9 7 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 13 16 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 193 98 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *287 *504 791 Senate bills .................................. 181 7 . . House bills .................................. 88 434 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 2 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 17 61 . . Special reports ..................................... 13 8 . . Conference reports ............................... 3 3 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 376 148 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,686 2,906 4,592 Bills ............................................. 1,335 2,383 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 14 17 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 18 43 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 319 463 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 1 2 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 239 255 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 158 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through October 31, 2018 
Civilian nominations, totaling 666 (including 146 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 306 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 339 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 21 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 1,338 (including 2 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 900 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 437 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Air Force nominations, totaling 4,737 (including 76 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,706 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 31 Army nominations, totaling 7,064 (including 12 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 7,037 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 27 Navy nominations, totaling 4,413 (including 11 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,411 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,343, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,340 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 3 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 247 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 19,314 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 18,700 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 839 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 22 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1170 November 13, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2 p.m., Wednesday, November 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the House message to accompany S. 140, Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act, and vote on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell (for Thune) Modified Amendment No. 4054. Following disposition of the House message to accom-pany S. 140, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Michelle Bowman, of Kan-sas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Wednesday, November 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Begin consideration of H.R. 6784—Manage our Wolves Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E1510, E1516 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1507, E1510, E1514, E1516 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1508 Carter, John R., Tex., E1510, E1515, E1517, E1518 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1507, E1511, E1512, E1513, E1515, E1516 Crawford, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’, Ark., E1518 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1509, E1513, E1515 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1509 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1508 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1507, E1508, E1508, E1509, E1511, E1514, E1515, E1517, E1517, E1518 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1512 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E1518 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1517 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E1508, E1511 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1515 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1509, E1512 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1511, E1517, E1518 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E1507 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1517 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1514 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1514 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1510 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1517 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1508, E1513 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E1517 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1513 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1518 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1512 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Nov 14, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13NO8.REC D13NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST