Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5819 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 2018 No. 109 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 28, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable C
ARLOS  C
URBELO to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We pause in Your presence and ask guidance for the men and women of the people’s House. Enable them, O God, to act on what they believe to be right and just, and to do so in ways that show respect for those with whom they disagree. In this, may they grow to be models and good examples in a time when so many in our world are unable to engage grace-fully with those with whom they are at odds. As we approach this next recess and the celebration of the birth of our Na-tion, bless our great Nation and keep it faithful to its ideals, its hopes, and its promise of freedom in our world. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within the peo-ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DUNN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SUWANNEE COUNTY SHERIFF’S DEPUTY TROY WADFORD (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the heroic efforts of Su-wannee County Sheriff’s Deputy Troy Wadford earlier this month. On June 4, Deputy Wadford was off duty and traveling with his family when he witnessed a horrible car acci-dent. He immediately took action and administered aid to one of the drivers who was pinned in an overturned car. His quick thinking and response saved Destiny Romine that day. As you can see here, Destiny is on the road to recovery because of Deputy Wadford. Even when our law enforcement per-sonnel are off duty, they carry out their commitment to protect and serve. They jump into action and they put their lives on the line to keep us safe, and for that, we will all be forever grateful. I thank Deputy Wadford and all those who wear the badge. His actions reflect great credit on the Suwannee County Sheriff’s Office and exemplify the best in America. f 
HIGHLIGHTING KCF TECHNOLOGIES (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight one of my district’s most innovative businesses, KCF Technologies. KCF Technologies is an employee- owned technology company located in State College, Pennsylvania. Their pas-sion is using technology to make the things we live and work with smarter. Part of KCF’s work focuses on im-proving the lives of our wounded war-riors through self-powered prosthetic devices. These self-powered prosthetic limbs capture energy when the indi-vidual is walking and uses that energy to recharge the prosthesis. KCF Technologies has created many of these innovative devices thanks to research funded by the U.S. Army Tele-medicine & Advanced Technology Re-search Center and the National Science Foundation. Today, KCF Technologies is at Wal-ter Reed National Military Medical Center to demonstrate its newest pros-thetic technology. These electromechanical devices make life better for not just our wounded serv-icemembers, but for amputees of every age and in every walk of life. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this com-pany, and I look forward to the new in-novations KCF Technologies will produce in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.000 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5820 June 28, 2018 
IMMIGRATION HERITAGE MONTH (Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, Saturday marks the end of Immi-grant Heritage Month, an annual tradi-tion dedicated to celebrating the con-tributions immigrants have made to communities all across the country. Our Nation was founded by immi-grants. The very existence of our entire democracy, of this institution, is the result of compromise and consensus by the descendants of immigrants, and today our Nation continues to owe a great debt of gratitude to the contribu-tions of more recent arrivals who are an essential part of daily life, our econ-omy, and our society. I had hoped we would be able to close out this celebration with the news that, for the first time in a long time, Congress had come together to fix our broken, inefficient, unfair immigration system. Instead, a bipartisan majority decided to double down on the status quo: a porous border, uncertainty for the victims of a broken immigration system, and continued division be-tween Americans over the issue of im-migration. Despite this setback, I am hopeful that, working with any colleague that is willing to do so in this House, I and other Members can find a solution to this broken immigration system and, in doing so, help heal our country’s politics. 
f 
HONORING PRIDE MONTH (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the 49th anniversary of the Stonewall riots in New York City, where, on June 28, 1969, a group of bar patrons led by transgender women of color began to fight for LGBTQ equal-ity. Over nearly 50 years, the LGBTQ community has celebrated many his-toric victories. In fact, just yesterday, we celebrated the third anniversary of marriage equality becoming the law of the land nationwide. However, while we celebrate LGBTQ Pride Month, it is important to remem-ber we still have a long way to go. In most States, LGBTQ individuals can still get kicked out of their housing, be refused service from restaurants and other businesses, or lose their jobs sim-ply for being who they are. The Equality Act would end this in-justice by extending civil rights pro-tections to LGBTQ individuals nation-wide. I am a proud sponsor of the Equality Act and urge Speaker R
YAN to bring this commonsense bill to the House floor for a vote. FOURTH OF JULY (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, 242 years ago, our Founders gathered in Philadelphia to launch an experiment in self-rule that has led to the greatest country the Earth has ever seen. Our founding happened in the time of his-tory in which the understanding of the nature of the human person and the source of the human person’s rights reached a new level. ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evi-dent, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness’’—God-given rights that no one can take away. This is a transcendent principle that applies to all people for all time. It is the fundamental principle on which Abraham Lincoln relied as he fought to end slavery. The notion of God-given, unalienable rights that no government or majority can take away is as true today as it was in 1776 and 1861. This Fourth of July, let us recommit to the principles of our founding and continue to work to ensure that all Americans realize the vision of our Founders. That, Mr. Speaker, is an idea that can lead to greater unity in our country. f 
FUTURE PROBLEM SOLVERS (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an inspiring group of middle school students from Heath Middle School and Calloway County Middle School. The First District of Kentucky was well represented at the Future Problem Solving Program International’s 2018 conference at the University of Wis-consin-La Crosse. Teams from these two schools competed against their peers from across the globe. Both teams placed in the top 10 inter-nationally, with the team from Heath Middle School placing eighth and the all-girls team from Calloway County placing ninth. Throughout the conference, the stu-dents experienced new cultures, en-joyed trading keepsakes from around the world, and socialized with students from many countries and States. I am grateful for the efforts of all in-volved in helping these students achieve their goals and for encouraging them to pursue interactive, holistic learning to prepare themselves for the future. I join with their family, friends, and teachers to congratulate these excep-tional students on their outstanding ef-forts and look forward to their contin-ued contributions to the First District of Kentucky. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 970, INSISTING DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE COMPLY WITH REQUESTS AND SUB-POENAS Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 971 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 971 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order without interven-tion of any point of order to consider in the House the resolution (H. Res. 970) insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the subpoena issued by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act by personnel of the Depart-ment of Justice and related matters. The resolution shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion or de-mand for division of the question except one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective designees. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on House Resolution 971, under current consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, this morning I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for con-sideration of H. Res. 970, which insists that the Department of Justice comply with the request of the Judiciary and Intelligence Committees. The rule pro-vides for 1 hour of debate, equally di-vided between the chairman and rank-ing member of the Judiciary Com-mittee. Yesterday, the Rules Committee had the opportunity to hear from Congress-man J
IMJORDAN , a fellow Judiciary Committee member, as well as Rank-ing Member J
ERRY NADLER . We also heard from Congressman M
ARK MEAD-
OWS and Congressman S COTT PERRY  and engaged in a vigorous discussion that lasted a while in the Rules Com-mittee yesterday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.003 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5821 June 28, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, oversight of the execu-tive branch is one of the House’s most important responsibilities and authori-ties. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, which has oversight over the Department of Justice and the FBI, it is a responsibility that I take very seriously. I believe the administration has an obligation to comply with the commit-tees of jurisdictions’ legitimate over-sight requests and subpoenas. Unfortu-nately, the Department of Justice has not fully complied with numerous of these requests, many of these which stretch back several months. To illus-trate this, let me lay out a timeline for you. On November 3, 2017, Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE and Chairman G OWDY , along with additional Members, sent a letter to the Attorney General and Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein, re-questing five specific categories of doc-uments. The deadline listed in the let-ter was November 17, 2017. That dead-line was not met. On December 12, 2017, Chairman G
OODLATTE , Chairman G OWDY , and ad-ditional Members sent a letter reit-erating the expectation that the De-partment of Justice provide the re-quested documents. The deadline listed in that letter was December 19, 2017. Again, the deadline arrived, and again, the deadline was not met. On February 1, 2018, Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE sent a third letter requesting documents relating to potential abuses under the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act. On March 22, 2018, the Judiciary Committee issued a subpoena to Dep-uty Attorney General Rod Rosenstein compelling him to produce documents and communications referring to inter-nal DOJ or FBI management requests to review, scrub, report on, or analyze any FISA collection involving the Trump campaign or the Trump admin-istration. b0915 It also compelled the production of communications relating to defensive briefings provided by the Department of Justice or the FBI to the 2016 Presi-dential campaigns of Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. Finally, he compelled production of all documents and communications re-ferring to proposed, recommended, or actual FISA coverage on the Clinton Foundation or persons associated or in communication with the Clinton Foun-dation. The deadline for this subpoena was April 5, 2018. The Department of Justice is in the process of complying with this subpoena, but complete com-pliance has not yet occurred. Mr. Speaker, I believe that, in regard to the subpoena, the Department of Justice is trying to comply and is in the process of doing so but, yet, has not at this point. I also share the frustration of my col-leagues and the American people that this process is taking way too long. We need the answers, and we need trans-parency. It is our duty to conduct over-sight. The law charges us with shining light where the government has fos-tered shadows instead of providing an-swers. The Department of Justice has a responsibility to produce these docu-ments and yet has not made them available. The resolution provided for by this rule speaks to the core of our democ-racy, the inherent tension between branches of government that our Founders intended and our responsi-bility as a coequal branch to act as a check upon the other branches. Could this debate not happen at a more appropriate time as we look to-ward the Fourth of July and our coun-try’s founding? This is why we were set up the way we were. The inherent tension has arisen most recently out of the Department of Jus-tice’s failure to timely comply with congressional oversight. Some of the documents this body seeks relate to congressional inquiries that have ex-tended almost the length of the 115th Congress. They deal with some of the most pressing issues in our government today. Has the Department of Justice abused its FISA authority? Was an investigation of national im-portance affected by bias? I believe that these investigations need to play out, but I also believe they can’t last forever. I also believe that evidence of bias, a library of ex-tremely troubling texts, and key per-sonnel removals at the FBI illustrate the heightened need for robust congres-sional oversight. As James Wilson, an architect of the Constitution and Associate Justice on the first Supreme Court so eloquently stated: ‘‘The House of Representatives . . . form the grand inquest of the state. They will diligently inquire into grievances, arising both from men and things.’’ As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I will continue to take that charge seriously. Yesterday, the Judiciary Committee considered a similar resolution. Today, the whole House has a chance to re-sponsibly exercise its oversight respon-sibility and reiterate to the Depart-ment of Justice the need to fully com-ply with our legitimate requests. It is important to note that the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has been similarly stymied by delays to requests for information and that certain documents have been provided to only select members of that committee. This resolution insists that the De-partment of Justice comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of these committees—one of which I proudly serve on—so that the American people can get answers and we can exercise our proper constitutional duties. The American people demanded answers, and that is why Congress, Representa-tives of the American people who an-swer to the American people, are de-manding that the DOJ answer to us. Let this also serve as a reminder to the Department of Justice that the U.S. Congress was created by our Founders, and its authority and re-sponsibility arise directly from Article I of the United States Constitution. The Department of Justice, on the other hand, was created by Congress. Its powers arise from those given to it by Congress. And just as those powers are given by Congress, it is Congress’ responsibility to ensure that they are not abused; and, if necessary, it is Con-gress’ responsibility to limit these powers. Woodrow Wilson, who was among the first to use the term ‘‘oversight’’ in ref-erence to the investigation of the exec-utive branch, stated: Quite as important as legislation is vigi-lant oversight of the administration. 
Today, we show that we are taking oversight of the executive branch seri-ously, particularly the Department of Justice, and we are working to prevent bias in government. We demand ac-countability because the American people deserve no less. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I hardly know where to begin. With all that is going on in the country and in the world—we have children being ripped apart from their families at the border; we have Repub-licans working with the White House trying to take away healthcare protec-tions for the American people; and we have a President who seems unhinged— with all that is happening, this is what we are dealing with today on the House floor this morning. Basically, it is a resolution to try to undermine the Mueller investigation, which is inves-tigating potential Russian involvement and collusion in our election. That is a big deal. We should all want to get to the bottom of this. We should all want the truth. Instead of wanting to get to the truth, my Republican friends throw roadblocks in the way, one after another after another, to try to get people to try to discredit the in-vestigation and to try to derail the in-vestigation. It is unbelievable to me. The President this morning tweeted that Russia continues to insist they had nothing to do with meddling in our election. I can’t believe the President of the United States is tweeting that. What is wrong with him? Every single intelligence agency in our government says that the Russians meddled in our election, and we have the President of the United States this morning tweeting that Russia says they didn’t do it, so we have got to be-lieve Russia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.005 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5822 June 28, 2018 
I don’t know how my friends can de-fend this. At some point, you have to say, ‘‘Enough.’’ I get it. Republicans want to con-stantly circle the wagons around the President with every outrageous thing he says and does, but this is about a foreign power—an adversary—meddling in our elections. What is the response? Let’s try to disparage the investigation. Let’s try to undermine the investigation. It is unreal that we are going through this exercise today, but I guess we have come to expect this. Mr. Speaker, let me just say, also, that the process in this House that got us here today to debate this resolution was a disgrace and an affront to the way this Chamber is supposed to con-duct business. In all my time here, I haven’t seen a committee minority of either party treated as disrespectfully as Democrats were on Tuesday. That is when the Judiciary Committee consid-ered this resolution of inquiry. Democrats showed up on time and sat patiently waiting for this hearing to begin—and they waited, and they waited, and they waited because the Republican majority gaveled the hear-ing to order more than an hour after it was supposed to begin. They didn’t even have the courtesy to tell the mi-nority about the delay. Things got only worse from there. When the hearing actually got under-way, Democrats were cut off at every turn. The Republican majority moved the previous question, cutting off de-bate and preventing consideration of Democratic amendments. They blocked parliamentary inquiries and a unani-mous consent request. Committee Re-publicans even took the extraordinary step of overruling their chairman after an amendment was ruled out of order. It was heavy-handed, and it was un-democratic. My Republican colleagues should be ashamed of the way they conducted themselves. Maybe they are, because the chairman of the committee ap-peared to hide in the hallway during the vote until he was called by another Member, and when he did vote, he voted ‘‘present.’’ So did the Acting Chair. Mr. Speaker, were they unwilling to stand up to the more conservative ele-ments of their caucus? or did they con-done what went on? I don’t see how anybody in this Chamber could endure such an embar-rassing process. It is unfortunate that the majority of the Rules Committee essentially enabled it by using emer-gency procedures to quickly move this resolution. This is a new low for a majority that has already turned this Congress into the most closed Congress in history. There have already been 89 closed rules this Congress, and it is only June. There has not been a single open rule under Speaker R
YAN—not one. It is fitting that this measure from the Judiciary Committee is being con-sidered under the majority’s 90th closed rule because the Judiciary Com-mittee is now the second most closed committee in this Congress. Mr. Speaker, what does the majority have to show for this bad process? We have another bad product here, this time a partisan measure meant to un-dermine the Russia investigation. Now, we know this isn’t a serious at-tempt at oversight because the Repub-lican majority apparently doesn’t be-lieve in fulfilling its oversight respon-sibilities to begin with. Republicans have refused, for example, to examine foreign payments to the Trump organi-zation. They refuse to examine ex-travagant travel by members of the ad-ministration. They refuse to examine HUD Secretary Carson’s $31,000 dining set. Who buys a $31,000 dining set? Where do you find a $31,000 dining set? They refuse to investigate the use of private email by administration offi-cials, including Jared Kushner and Ste-phen Miller, and countless other scan-dals involving EPA Administrator Pru-itt. The list goes on and on and on and on. We actually have a long list here, Mr. Speaker, of what we should be in-vestigating. If my Republican col-leagues would like a copy, I am happy to provide it to them. But suffice it to say, there is no oversight with regard to the misdeeds of this administration. Mr. Speaker, what happened to the Republicans’ zeal for oversight? Former Oversight and Government Re-form Committee Chairman ISSA sub-poenaed the Obama administration more than 100 times in just a 4-year span. I didn’t always agree with him on his investigations, but at least the Oversight and Government Reform Committee was performing some over-sight. Republicans today are completely missing in action under President Trump. This is an administration that has been embroiled in one scandal after the next. It is an administration drip-ping with corruption. This makes the Nixon administration look like Com-mon Cause. I have never seen anything like it. Apparently, the Republicans only believe in oversight if it involves President Obama or Secretary Clinton. Let me remind my Republican col-leagues that there wasn’t a single scan-dal in President Obama’s 8 years in of-fice that implicated him: no Cabinet official was forced to resign in scandal; no senior White House official had to leave in the face of wrongdoing. Only with the Trump administration can you have one scandal start at breakfast only to have another one by the time you sit down for dinner. We should be doing our job—getting to the bottom of what is happening and holding people accountable—but in-stead we are throwing sand in the gears of the Russia investigation. This is crazy. Now, let me remind everyone of what Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has yielded so far. Twenty people and three companies have either been indicted or pled guilty. That includes George Papadopoulos, foreign policy adviser on President Trump’s campaign, who pled guilty to making false statements to the FBI; Michael Flynn, the Presi-dent’s former National Security Advi-sor, who also pled guilty to making false statements to the FBI. Paul Manafort, his former campaign chair, was indicted on charges of con-spiracy, money laundering, and making false statements. He was later also charged with tax, financial, and bank fraud charges. He is sitting in jail today. As we have this debate right now, Paul Manafort is in jail. Rick Gates, the President’s campaign aid, was also indicted on similar charges. That is just a small sample based on what we know today. We will see what else the Special Counsel’s investigation finds. So this goes beyond your basic policy disagreements. This is about whether the minority in this Congress is al-lowed to do the job they were elected to do—not just this Democratic minor-ity, but any minority, because we have seen and we could see again this year just how quickly power shifts in Con-gress. This is about whether this Con-gress is going to fulfill its oversight re-sponsibilities or sweep possible wrong-doing under the rug. Now, we have a chance today to de-mand better from this majority, so we should vote against this rule and de-mand a better process. That is the only way we are going to see a better prod-uct. Just one final thing before I reserve my time. I say to my Republican friends: Look at what you are doing to this institution. You are destroying it. Not only the closed process, the most closed Congress in the history of our country, but the way you move legisla-tion forward. The way Democrats in the Judiciary Committee were treated on this resolution, in all my years here, I have never seen anything like it. I get it. We have a President who wants to behave like a king and who thinks, when he speaks, everybody should sit up to attention just like they do when Kim Jong-un speaks. But this is supposed to be the people’s House, and you are diminishing this in-stitution. This has to stop. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. At this point in time, as the gentleman from Massachusetts and I have discussed many times—and he has his opinions on things and process; I have mine as well—we can agree and disagree. But I think one thing is let’s take a step for-ward today. This is a process of what we are doing forward. We are warning and requiring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.007 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5823 June 28, 2018 
from an Article I to an Article II agen-cy. Let’s do that and continue that process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as I said in the beginning, there are a whole bunch of troubling things happening in our country today. The Supreme Court’s Janus decision was just yet an-other very disturbing development that really attacks working men and women. b0930 Mr. Speaker, a union’s ability to col-lectively bargain benefits both its members and nonmembers alike. Unions are responsible for many of the worker protections Americans enjoy today, and they continue to fight for fair pay and good working conditions, including for 17.3 million public em-ployees. We have unions to thank for our weekends, for paid vacations, for over-time pay, for the 8-hour workday, for child labor laws, for pensions, for the minimum wage, for sick leave, for So-cial Security, for parental leave, for holiday pay, and the list goes on and on and on. However, yesterday, the Supreme Court dealt a devastating blow to hard-working employees, the unions that represent them, and the protections they provide us. In a 5–4 ideological de-cision, the Court invalidated the laws of 22 States and undermined public sec-tor unions. This decision enables free- riding by those who benefit from union agreements but do not want to help cover the costs of collective bargaining and enforcement. Unions fight for every single worker. Therefore, every worker should pay their fair share. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Represent-ative C
ARTWRIGHT ’s legislation, H.R. 6238, the Public Service Freedom to Ne-gotiate Act. This bill protects the rights of State and local government employees to join unions and collec-tively bargain. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT ) to discuss his proposal. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I represent a district in northeast Penn-sylvania where collective bargaining rights are time-honored and highly val-ued. The work our unions have done over the past 100-plus years has changed our laws and practices that helped create our strong American middle class. Our middle class is some-thing that really makes us the envy of the free world, and American unions keep the middle class strong. Today, public sector unions represent about 17.3 million workers in State and local governments across the country. These public sector workers keep us safe and teach and nurture our chil-dren, care for our families. As union members, they are empowered through collective action to fight for fair wages and work conditions, as Mr. MCGOVERN  mentioned. But yesterday, in a 5–4 decision, the Supreme Court ruled against unions in the case of Janus v. AFSCME. They overturned four decades—40 years—of legal precedent to undermine the rights of correctional officers, State and local policemen, firefighters, snow-plow drivers, teachers, all the local government employees that work hard for us and make us safe every day. The Court’s decision invalidates the laws of 22 States and the District of Co-lumbia. These are States that decided to allow unions and State employees mutually to agree on ensuring that em-ployees pay a fair share fee to cover the costs of collective bargaining en-forcement. This Court’s decision is nothing but bare-knuckled politics. In fact, promi-nent Republican politicians have al-ready described it and praised it as a devastating blow to Democrats. It is not jurisprudence; it is just politics. When you overturn 40 years of Amer-ican legal precedent, when you rip up 40 years of the fabric of American law, it is a big deal. Associate Justice Kagan described it yesterday as a weaponization of the First Amendment that has been going on. And she is right. This decision comes at a time when hardworking Americans are fighting every day just to pay their bills and support their families. Labor unions are working hard to give workers a collective voice to gain higher wages, better healthcare, and a secure retirement. Make no mistake, a tax on public- sector unions is the camel’s nose under the tent flap. They are coming after private sector unions next. Strong public unions build the mid-dle class in our country and shape the life of every American by negotiating for labor rights, including the min-imum wage, 8-hour workdays, week-ends, employer health insurance. Now is not the time to turn our back on American workers and labor unions. Now is the time to stand with employ-ees who serve the public across the country. For that reason, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up my bill, H.R. 6238, the Public Service Freedom to Negotiate Act, a bill that will defend the right of every public sector em-ployee to join a union and bargain col-lectively. The bill empowers the Federal Labor Relations Authority to ensure that State and local government employees are treated fairly and that workplace conditions meet a proper standard. Every employee deserves these basic standards, whether they choose to join a union or not. Again, the Janus decision is an out-right attack on all unions, on all work-ing people, and an attack on the cause that we here in Congress, here in the people’s House, fight for every day. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule so that this important legislation will be considered immediately. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire from the gentleman how many more speakers he has. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I have no more speakers. If the gen-tleman is ready to close, I will be as well. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I said at the outset, there are lots of things that we should be doing oversight on and that they we are not. The Oversight Committee has chosen not to look into all the scandals in this White House. They have chosen instead to look the other way. I mentioned EPA Administrator Pru-itt. He has demonstrated over and over that he has no regard for taxpayer money. He is living a lifestyle of the rich and famous at EPA. He has no re-spect for his position and no desire to follow our ethics law. His many abuses of his position demand that we fully in-vestigate his actions. For example—I love this—he spent $43,000 on installing a soundproof booth in his office. Who does that? GAO stat-ed that he was required to notify Con-gress before spending more than $5,000 on office improvements, but he goes ahead and spends $43,000 on a sound-proof booth, I guess to make private phone calls. He racked up nearly $200,000 flying first class and luxury aircraft on the taxpayers’ dime. One of those trips was to Italy. It cost $30,000. He rented an apartment from an en-ergy lobbyist for $50 a night here in Washington. He enlisted an aide to help find his wife a job. You can’t make this stuff up. And crickets from the Oversight Committee and my Republican friends in Congress. Congress needs to investigate the alarming drug price trends in this country. This is an emergency, a life or death issue for our constituents. Be-cause of high drug prices, one in four Americans cannot afford to fill a pre-scription. These high drug prices are not due to foreign markets, but they are due to our unfair pricing system. We issue patents to drug companies, allowing them to have exclusive rights on drugs. Make no mistake, patents are important for incentivizing and re-warding innovation. However, drug companies found ways to game the sys-tem by prolonging their patents and continuing their tight hold on life-saving medications. A study by UCLA found that 74 per-cent of new patents from 2005 to 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.008 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5824 June 28, 2018 
went to drugs that already existed. Patents allow these drug companies to charge patients unfair prices without facing competition. That is just unac-ceptable. But I guess we shouldn’t be surprised that there is no investigation, because my Republican friends are working with this White House to undue patient protections in the Affordable Care Act. They are even trying to take away pre-existing condition protections. Right now, because of the law, if you have a preexisting condition, an insur-ance company cannot discriminate against you and demand that you pay more. They have to give you the insur-ance. They want to take that away. This is unbelievable. We should be in-vestigating this stuff. I could go on and on and on, but we are not doing that. What we are doing is, we are bringing a resolution that has been put forward by some who are trying to undermine the Mueller inves-tigation and who do not want the American people to focus on the in-volvement between Trump operatives and the Russians. When I would go up to Massachusetts on the weekends, it used to be that people would ask me who in the Trump administration met with the Russians. Now the question is: Who in the Trump administration didn’t meet with the Russians? What I love about the people who are testifying before the Mueller com-mittee, they now are getting in trouble because they are realizing that, if you lie, there is a consequence, so they all have amnesia. They met with Russian operatives time and again, and they forget. They mysteriously remember when they are confronted with the evi-dence. We all should be shocked by this. A foreign adversary interfered in our election. Every single intelligence agency in our government confirms that. And yet you have the President of the United States today tweeting: Oh, Russia insists they didn’t meddle in our election. Oh, my God, I can’t believe this. The President of the United States is tweeting that today. It is shameful. Stop defending this unacceptable be-havior, and stop defending a process that is unacceptable as well. I mentioned the terrible treatment Democrats received in the Judiciary Committee when this thing was re-ported out. I have never seen anything like that in my life. Democrats waited for an hour and they were just shut out of any opportunity to amend the meas-ure or even speak. Welcome to the United States Con-gress. This is supposed to be the peo-ple’s House. This is supposed to be the shining example of democracy, and you get people who have questions or who have ideas who are shut down in com-mittee. Then we bring it to the floor after going through the Rules Committee last night, and it comes to the floor under a closed process. This is the most closed Congress in history. This is the 90th closed rule. What does that mean? It means that this legislation cannot be amended. There is limited debate. You have to vote for it up or down, my way or the highway. Everybody, Democrats and Republicans, are blocked from offering any of their ideas or any of their poten-tial improvements to this bill. Noth-ing. This is the 90th closed rule, com-pletely closed rule, in this Congress, the 90th bill that has come before us where neither Democrats nor Repub-licans can offer anything. It is frustrating beyond words to be here today. The system here is rigged. This is going to pass on a party-line vote, I guess. But this is not the way the people’s House should be run. This is disgraceful. At some point, my Re-publican friends who care about this institution have to say enough is enough. They have to demand a more open, more transparent system here. This cannot stand. So, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, so we can ad-dress the terrible impacts of the Su-preme Court decision in the Janus case and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. We should not be doing this today. We should not be engaged in an attempt to try to de-fend the indefensible or undermine an important investigation into Russia’s meddling in our election. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, we can discuss this and continue to discuss it, as we have. I respect my friend from Massachu-setts and his opinion and the issues of transparency. I want to see that same transparency. I want to see us work. And I think we have an opportunity to do that. By saying that we bring this rule and this resolution here today, to disparage this institution, when we are asking for what we are required and can’t get, I am not sure how that is. Now, we can discuss other issues you want to investigate and other areas you want to go to, and you can do that and we can discuss things, but there is nothing undermining the investigation. The Mueller investigation is still going on, the FBI investigation. All of that is still going on. Nothing is undermining it except the DOJ that has had obvious issues of telling the truth and obvious issues of not giving us the documents we have requested. This is Article I, Article II. We can have discussions about every-thing else. And I know if I were in a po-sition on the other side, I would want everything investigated, because when you have seen what we have been able to do in the last year and a half with the economy, with jobs, with regula-tions, with small business, when you start looking at that, I would yell at everything else, too, Mr. Speaker, be-cause the President has done what he said he was going to do. And our econ-omy is better, our jobs are better, and we are working toward a system in which America is safer. But I would also want to investigate everything else, too, because if I was going into a cycle, I would want to throw off and look other places and tell the American people things aren’t real-ly right when they know that it is. b0945 Also, the American people, when I go back home to Georgia, want to know: If the Congress asks an agency for doc-uments, why do they not get to produce them? And don’t go to the fact, well, it is classified. We have SCIFs up here. We have got classified areas up here. What is prob-lematic here is we are hiding behind the fact of things that look like—after they are produced, after they are com-pelled to produce—it looks like they are just trying to keep it from us to hide embarrassment, and that is not a reason to hide documents. So we have a simple proposal here. Do what you are required to do. Let Congress be the oversight that it is supposed to be, and we can discuss whatever else we want to for oversight. That is the part of two parties work-ing. But in this one, this is pretty simple. You can vote ‘‘no’’ and say no, Con-gress shouldn’t do that, in an area in which we have responsibility and over-sight protection. If you want to do that, go right ahead. Again, when you want to throw off everything else in the world—I think it is when you look at the President and you look at the administration and you look at what we have done in the last 18
1⁄2months, you see a light at the end of a tunnel, you see an economy com-ing back, you see a good thing for busi-nesses and small businesses. When people get up and do not care, Mr. Speaker, what happens on this floor. They really don’t. All they want to do is get up in the morning, get their families ready, pay their bills, get a good job, have a possibility of a pro-motion, or go start that business they want to have. We have provided that. Now, up here, in the internal work-ings of government, in the mesh of web that is inside this beltway, when you have got a government agency and gov-ernment employees who do not want to do what they are supposed to do, it is time for Congress to act. That is ex-actly what we are doing today. John Stuart Mill stated: ‘‘The proper office of a representative assembly is to watch and control the government, to throw the light of publicity on its acts, to compel a full exposition and justification of all of them which any one considers questionable.’’ Today the Republicans in the House are doing that, Mr. Speaker. We are taking our oversight responsibilities seriously. We are abiding by the checks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.010 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5825 June 28, 2018 
and balances of the Constitution to en-sure that the government is acting ap-propriately to ensure that the Amer-ican people—who, by the way, we rep-resent—have the answers that they de-serve, one way or the other. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 971 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6238) to secure the rights of public employees to organize, act, concertedly, and bargain collectively, which safeguard the public interest and promote the free and unobstructed flow of commerce, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After gen-eral debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6238. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 186, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 304] YEAS—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.012 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5826 June 28, 2018 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Barletta Black Blumenauer Brady (TX) Buck Costello (PA) Ellison Grothman Johnson (OH) Jones Labrador Richmond Rush Schweikert Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
b1011 Messrs. VELA, PETERSON, Ms. PIN-GREE, and Mrs. DEMINGS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. KINZINGER, NUNES, POE of Texas, and BANKS of Indiana changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 224, noes 184, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 305] AYES—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Barletta Barton Black Brady (TX) Buck Cartwright Cicilline Costello (PA) Ellison Grothman Johnson (OH) Jones Labrador Pelosi Rush Scott (VA) Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
b1019 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, due to an unavoidable scheduling conflict, I was un-able to cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 304 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 305. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 304 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 305. 
f 
PERMISSION TO GO TO CON-FERENCE ON H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CON-STRUCTION AND VETERANS AF-FAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, disagree to the Senate amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 6258, FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOV-ERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, from the Committee on Appropriations, sub-mitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–792) on the bill (H.R. 6258) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.006 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5827 June 28, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Chair appoints the fol-lowing conferees on H.R. 5895: Messrs. F
RELINGHUYSEN , S IMPSON , C
ARTER of Texas, C ALVERT , FORTEN -
BERRY , F LEISCHMANN , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mr. T AYLOR , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. K
APTUR , Messrs. V ISCLOSKY , RYAN of Ohio, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . There was no objection. 
f 
INSISTING DEPARTMENT OF JUS-TICE COMPLY WITH REQUESTS AND SUBPOENAS Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 971, I call up the resolution (H. Res. 970) insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the sub-poena issued by the Committee on the Judiciary relating to potential viola-tions of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act by personnel of the De-partment of Justice and related mat-ters, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 971, the resolu-tion is considered read. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 970 Whereas ‘‘the power of the Congress to conduct investigations is inherent in the leg-islative process. That power is broad. It en-compasses inquiries concerning the adminis-tration of existing laws as well as proposed or possibly needed statutes [and] com-prehends probes into departments of the Fed-eral Government to expose corruption, inef-ficiency or waste.’’ (Watkins v. United States (354 U.S. 178, 187)); Whereas a necessary corollary of Congress’s oversight and investigative au-thority is the power to issue and enforce sub-poenas. The ‘‘[I]ssuance of subpoenas . . . has long been held to be a legitimate use by Congress of its power to investigate.’’ (East-land v. U.S. Serviceman’s Fund (421 U.S. 491, 504)); Whereas Chairman Devin Nunes of the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives requested in-formation on potential abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act in a March 8, 2017, letter to the Department of Justice; Whereas the Committee reviewed respon-sive documents on March 17, 2017, but there-after the Department of Justice refused to make the documents available; Whereas Chairman Nunes issued a sub-poena on August 24, 2017, to include the docu-ments sought on March 8, 2017; Whereas the Department of Justice came to substantially comply with the subpoena 10 months after the subpoena and more than one year from the original request; Whereas Chairman Nunes sought docu-ments related to 9 current or former Depart-ment of Justice personnel in a March 23, 2018, letter; Whereas the Department of Justice com-plied with the request relating to one indi-vidual on May 8, 2018, but has yet to fully comply with the other requests; Whereas Chairman Nunes sent a letter classified ‘‘SECRET’’ on April 24, 2018, fol-lowed by a subpoena on April 30, 2018, which demanded the production of all documents related to the issue identified in the earlier letter; Whereas compliance with this letter and subpoena has to date been limited to brief-ings and access to supporting documents, which have not been provided to all of the Members and cleared staff of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence; Whereas the exclusion of the Members and cleared staff from access to these briefings and supporting documents amounts to non- compliance with the April 30 subpoena; Whereas, on October 24, 2017, the Commit-tees on the Judiciary and Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform opened a joint investigation into the decisions made by the Department of Justice in 2016 and 2017 related to its han-dling of the investigation of the emails of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton; Whereas, on November 3, 2017, Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Gowdy, and four Mem-bers of Congress sent a letter to Attorney General Sessions and Deputy Attorney Gen-eral Rosenstein requesting 5 specific cat-egories of documents; Whereas, on December 12, 2017, Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Gowdy, and other Members sent a letter emphasizing the ex-pectation that the Department of Justice provide all requested documents as well as a privilege log; Whereas, on February 1, 2018, Chairman Goodlatte sent a letter requesting docu-ments related to potential Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act abuses; Whereas the Department of Justice has missed document production deadlines, pro-duced duplicative pages of information, and redacted pages to the point where they con-tain no probative information; Whereas the Committee on the Judiciary issued a subpoena to Deputy Attorney Gen-eral Rosenstein on March 22, 2018, which compelled him to produce, among other things— (1) all documents and communications re-ferring or relating to internal Department of Justice or Federal Bureau of Investigation management requests to review, scrub, re-port on, or analyze any reporting of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act collection in-volving, or coverage mentioning, the Trump campaign or the Trump administration; (2) all documents and communications re-ferring or relating to defensive briefings pro-vided by the Department of Justice or the Federal Bureau of Investigation to the 2016 presidential campaigns of Hillary Clinton or President Trump; and (3) all documents and communications re-ferring or relating to proposed, rec-ommended, or actual Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act coverage on the Clinton Foundation or persons associated or in com-munication with the Clinton Foundation; and Whereas the Department of Justice has failed to comply with the March 22 subpoena by failing to substantially comply with the demand for the production of all of these cat-egories of documents: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives insists that, by not later than July 6, 2018, the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the subpoena issued by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act by personnel of the Depart-ment of Justice and related matters. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add ex-traneous materials into the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a resolution that literally is about this institution. And when we look at this, it is about the Department of Jus-tice and the FBI giving documents to this institution so that they can con-duct proper oversight. We have had months and months go by with multiple requests where those requests have been largely ignored by the Department of Justice. It is time that the American people actually have the transparency that they deserve in being able to see these documents and let them judge for themselves what did or did not go on within the Department of Justice and FBI. Mr. Speaker, Lady Justice should have a blindfold, and that means that justice should not be meted out to those that are well connected or well financed. It should be even in all re-gards. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
ORDAN ). Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and, more importantly, for this resolution. This is real simple. It is about our branch of government, the legislative branch, getting the information we are entitled to get as a separate and co-equal branch of government to do our constitutional duty of oversight. We have requested information from DOJ. They haven’t given it to us. We have issued subpoenas. They haven’t complied with subpoenas. We have caught them hiding informa-tion. They redacted the fact, tried to hide the fact that Peter Strzok, a key player in both the Clinton investiga-tion and Russian investigation, was friends with one of the FISA court judges. That was redacted for no other reason than it was embarrassing. And, of course, we know that the dep-uty attorney general threatened staff members on the House Intelligence Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Sep 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H28JN8.REC H28JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5828 June 28, 2018 
So this is real simple. Enough is enough. Give us the documents we are entitled to have. Let’s have the full weight of the House behind a resolu-tion saying you have got 7 days to get your act together. Let me just say one other thing. When have you ever seen an agency where the top people who ran the Clin-ton investigation and the Russian in-vestigation have had this happen to them: James Comey has been fired; Deputy Director Andy McCabe fired, lied three times under oath, faces a criminal referral; Chief of Staff Jim Rybicki has resigned; General Counsel Jim Baker demoted, then left the FBI; Lisa Page, FBI counsel, demoted, then left the FBI; Peter Strzok, deputy head of counterintelligence, demoted, and was escorted out of the FBI just days ago. When have you ever seen that hap-pen? And they won’t give us the infor-mation we are asking for. Something is going on over there. This is a resolution that is needed, be-cause it, again, will be the full House of Representatives saying enough is enough. Give us the information so we can do our job and get answers for the American people. That is why I applaud the gentle-man’s efforts and support this resolu-tion, and encourage every single Mem-ber of this body, as an institution, to vote for this resolution. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this so-called resolution of insistence is being rushed to the floor as an emergency measure. There are many emergencies facing the United States at this hour. The subject matter of this resolution is not among them. This resolution is wrong on the facts, wrong on the law, wrong on the rules, and a dangerous precedent to set for the House of Representatives. First, the resolution is riddled with inaccuracies. Taking this document at face value, you might think that the Department of Justice had not already sent us hundreds of thousands of docu-ments, many of which the sponsors of this resolution delight in leaking to the public. It also relies heavily on the March 22 subpoena issued by Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE , a subpoena that was not issued in compliance with House rules, and that, according to past House coun-selors with whom we have consulted, likely cannot be enforced. b1030 Second, this resolution is premised on a demand for documents to which Congress is not entitled and which the Justice Department cannot give. To be clear, I firmly believe that when the House Judiciary Committee asks the executive branch for informa-tion, our committee is entitled to that information in almost every case. But we are not entitled to information that goes to the core of an ongoing criminal investigation. This prohibition is both a matter of constitutional law, as it falls to the ex-ecutive branch to enforce the law, and a matter of basic fairness. It is wrong to inject politics into criminal pro-ceedings. I suspect that the sponsors of this resolution already know this. They are asking for documents that they know they will probably never receive, and they likely view this impossible re-quest as a win-win proposition. If they somehow bully the Depart-ment of Justice into turning over ma-terials that go to the core of Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation, that information could be and probably would be shared with the subject of the investigation, namely, President Trump. Indeed, Mayor Giuliani has hinted exactly that. Based on past precedent, that information would next be shared with anybody watching FOX News. If they do not pry these documents from the Department, they will use that fact to further smear the special counsel, the Deputy Attorney General, and anyone else investigating the President. They have even suggested impeaching the Deputy Attorney Gen-eral, a proposal that is both without historical precedent and patently ridic-ulous. The real purpose of this resolution, and of this whole attempt, is to cast aspersions, is to defame the special prosecutor, the special counsel, and the people associated with him, the Deputy Attorney General. Finally, voting on this resolution today sets a dangerous precedent. The majority will, in effect, have shown the American people that pure politics is more important than the facts and more important than the law. And for what? You can force this fight with the leadership of the Department of Jus-tice. You can demand documents that the Department cannot give us, and to which we are not entitled. You can at-tack the character of lifelong public servants like Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein and Special Counsel Mueller. You can burn bridges with your colleagues to speed this resolu-tion to the floor. But you cannot stop the special counsel’s investigation. Before Members vote today, we must ask: When the special counsel’s work is complete, when the enormity of what he has found has been laid bare, how will the American people judge the House’s actions here today? I urge my colleagues to oppose this reckless, dangerous measure, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would make one comment. It is in-teresting, when the gentleman oppo-site, Mr. Speaker, is talking about mo-tives and what is designed by this when we have not had a conversation about that. It is also interesting, when we talk about those very motives about an on-going investigation, part of this re-quest is asking for 10,000 pages of docu-ments on an investigation that is al-ready complete. I would think we would have the ability to get those from the Department of Justice. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS). Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for yielding time to me. You know, an old Arizona farmer told me that when you put up a fence, the cow almost always goes over and leans on the fence to see how strong that fence is, because the cow wants to get to the other side. If the fence is strong, then it moves away, and you don’t have that problem. But if your fence is a little bit loose in the wiring, it is going to go over, and that cow is going to get on out. And that is what has happened here. What has happened here is we have had a loose fence. We have failed to de-mand the requirements be met as we have requested. It is not bullying. It is not bullying to request documents. It is not bullying to subpoena and use the right that we have to subpoena. That is not bullying anybody. But I will tell you what the problem is—this resolution gets at the heart of it. It says that we are going to give you an extra 2 weeks. That is rebuilding the fence a little bit. That is rebuilding that fence a little bit and saying: We have oversight authority. You need to comply with that oversight authority. So we are going to rebuild the fence. And I fully support this resolution, Mr. Speaker. But I will tell you what, I would enthusiastically support a reso-lution for contempt, because there has not been compliance, nor has there been adequate reason given for non-compliance. So, I support this resolution 100 per-cent. I am going to be voting for it. I have cosponsored it. But I will tell you what, we need to be holding a resolu-tion of contempt, because this body and its authority have been held in contempt. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this particular issue, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the distin-guished ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations Subcommittee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for yielding, and certainly, let me thank my good friend from North Carolina. I think the Nation should understand that we have these stark political dif-ferences. We have these stark legal dif-ferences. But there is nothing that can undermine the rule of law and the truth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.019 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5829 June 28, 2018 
My good friend who just spoke earlier wants to go to the extreme of holding the Nation’s professional law enforce-ment officers in contempt for doing their job. What I hold in my hand is from the Office of Inspector General, U.S. Department of Justice, issued in June 2018. Besides these pages, Mr. Speaker, there are eons and eons of documents. Right now, in the Judiciary Com-mittee, Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein is there voluntarily. We have Director Wray there. Even if there was a subpoena, they have come. Both of them indicated that they can-celed important trips to be here before the United States Congress. I asked in that hearing: What was the reason for the emergency hearing? What was the good cause? And I don’t know if my colleagues heard it. I could not decipher any good cause of why we are now thrown into this hearing room. The reason I say that, which speaks to this particular resolution, is the fact that we have had now, under the Presi-dency of Mr. Trump, almost 2 years, and the Judiciary Committee has not answered one single inquiry offered by the Democrats. We have not had one le-gitimate hearing on the Russian collu-sion to have violated and made vile the 2016 election. I do not speak to the results. I speak to the impact on the integrity of the election by the American people. We have not had one hearing. Now we are in a rush to continue to reinvestigate and reinvestigate the findings of the inspector general and the investigators who indicated that they investigated this and, in essence, found no criminal behavior; that this is Secretary Clinton’s email. I think it is public knowledge that the item that she was being looked at for was the misuse of classified data. Minimal, at best. We don’t want that to happen. She did not want it to hap-pen. But she was cleared of any crimi-nal intent or criminal actions by peo-ple that we would normally trust. I believe in oversight. I don’t want scandals at the Department of Justice. I want the Civil Rights Division to work well. Maybe somebody should ask the question why the Civil Rights Divi-sion is understaffed and barely work-ing. Maybe somebody should ask the question why the Trump administra-tion switched from being supportive of anti-voter ID laws that were discrimi-natory but did not. So this resolution is redundant. It goes in the face of those who are al-ready performing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an addi-tional 30 seconds. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it goes in the face of those who are al-ready performing. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Jus-tice has already produced about 850,000 documents at the request of this group of folk from Oversight and Judiciary. They are complying. Why are we on the floor taking a hammer to a flea? That is unnecessary. Why are we not in the Judiciary Com-mittee, probing the individuals who are now appearing? I want the American people to under-stand this is a resolution that has nothing to do with the crux of pro-tecting the November 18, 2018, elec-tions, and it has nothing to do with re-ality. We have finished our work, and we need to go on to protecting the United States of America against bogus elections. I feel like Yogi Berra—I have deja vu all over again. In just the last week or so, we have had three hearings related to the actions of the Department of Justice and the FBI in the run- up to the 2016 election. Over the course of that last week or so, the country has watched as thousands of children have been separated from their parents. The Supreme Court has seen the resigna-tion of the Court’s swing vote. On Tuesday, the Supreme Court thought it wise to uphold a travel ban on nationals from Muslim majority countries. And yesterday, the Supreme court gutted the labor rights of public sector employees. With all of these pressing issues for this au-gust body to determine, what are we talking about? We’re talking about Hillary Clinton’s Emails. Why are we talking about Hillary Clinton’s emails? We’re here because one week after the In-telligence community briefed then president- elect Trump, that the Russians had interfered with the election to hurt Hillary Clinton and help Donald Trump. At best, the timing of the announcement was done to draw a false equivalence be-tween the actions of career law enforcement in investigating the Clinton email server and what would later become the Special Coun-sel’s investigation; at worst, it suggests using the levers of law enforcement for political ends. We are here well after the fact that the Spe-cial Counsel investigating Russia’s attempts to meddle in the 2016 election and the extent to which associates of the Trump Campaign were complicit in this endeavor. The Special Counsel has already secured 23 indictments against companies and individuals, some of whom are Americans. This includes the President’s campaign manager, who is currently sitting in jail await-ing charges in two judicial districts. This is after the Special Counsel has se-cured guilty pleas, including from: The President’s National Security Advisor; A lawyer with ties to the President’s former campaign manager; The President’s former Foreign Policy Advi-sor; and The President’s former deputy campaign manager. All the while, while the Special Counsel was doing this report, the House GOP was sali-vating for this report to be released. And then the OIG promulgated the report. And after the OIG promulgated that report, the House GOP was disappointed, because they did not like what the independent inves-tigation found: that the decisions by the DOJ and the FBI in the days and preceding the 2016 were not tainted by political bias. Because the OIG’s report does not conform with the House’s GOP narrative, the House GOP has to muddy the waters, even if that means interfering with an active counterintel-ligence investigation. But, before this tea party resolution, let’s just recall what has the House Freedom Cau-cus so upset. And now, they want information that is at the heart of an active counterintelligence crimi-nal investigation. And in an effort to aid their allies in the White House, the House GOP has gone to ex-traordinary effort to alchemize its oversight re-sponsibilities into a line of information to the White House. While this has happened over the year, the OIG has been preparing its report—and it was released earlier this month. The OIG Report concludes that while former Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey was insubordinate in the man-ner and content of his decision not to pros-ecute Hillary Clinton in her use of a private server, the decision was not done with political bias. This conclusion definitely reignited strong emotions, but a clear eye focused on all oper-ative facts supports the inference that the ac-tions taken by federal law enforcement, out of an abundance of caution, had the effect of conferring significant advantage on the Trump Campaign. I am a strong supporter of law enforcement. They do a tough job under difficult cir-cumstances. This was no less true in the weeks and months preceding the 2016 election. The confluence of facts and the public state-ments of then-candidate Trump likely com-plicated law enforcement’s difficult job. ‘‘From the outset, nothing in this report calls into question or undermines the Special Coun-sel’s investigation into Russian interference into the 2016 election and whether and to what extent this endeavor was aided by asso-ciates of the Trump Campaign. Next, while the OIG report released today concludes that former FBI Director Comey was insubordinate in the breadth and depth of his July 2016 press conference declining pros-ecution of Secretary Clinton, the decision was not done for political purposes or colored with political bias. ‘‘Third, any suggestion that the actions of law enforcement in the second half of 2016 were done to support the Hillary Clinton Cam-paign to the detriment of the Trump Campaign is belied by the fact that both the decision to editorialize the declination of prosecution in July 2016 and the decision to reopen the Clin-ton email investigation in October 2016, elev-en days before the election, revealed a double standard favorable to Trump and prejudicial to Clinton. This is because that while the country was debating Secretary Clinton’s judgment in set-ting up a private server for her emails, associ-ates of the Trump Campaign were engaging in questionable—and possibly criminal—behavior with agents of the Russian government. This disjunction undoubtedly benefitted Trump, however unquantifiably. 
‘‘Fourth, while the president may tout this report as supportive of his decision to termi-nate Comey from his position as FBI Director, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.020 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5830 June 28, 2018 
nothing in this report changes two facts: first, after the FBI reopened the investigation into the Clinton email issue in the waning days of the 2016 campaign, then-candidate Trump ap-plauded Comey’s announcement. Given his tact at the time, and his change of heart now and his reasons for doing so, only one conclusion is supportable: that Trump’s concern after the election for Comey’s decision is more disingenuous than not. Moreover, to the extent that the president tries to claim that his reasons for firing Comey were consistent with the findings of the OIG report, the president revealed his true motives for firing Comey in an interview with Lester Holt: that it was done because of the Russia investigation. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The reality of this is the very docu-ment that the gentlewoman from Texas put up, that 500-page report, is actually investigative conclusions based on 1.2 million documents, of which this body—this body—has re-ceived less than 24,000 pages of the same documents that she mentions. So all we are asking for is for us, the legis-lative body, and the American people, to be able to get the very same docu-ments the Department of Justice has. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues today in insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with Congress and provide the re-quested documents, including sub-poenas related to the potential FISA abuse. The Department of Justice has done nothing but divert and block Congress from documents that are well within our rights to receive. They have re-peatedly insisted that they have com-plied with the document request when they clearly have not. The Department of Justice Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has been the major player in stonewalling Congress. The longer they stall this process, the more the American people lose faith in our justice system. That is a threat to our country’s future. I stand here today calling for trans-parency, answers, and accountability so that we can get to the truth. The American people deserve the account-ability. The time to act is now. If the DOJ fails to comply, then we will be forced to take it to the next level, to hold Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in contempt, as my previous speaker has spoken, or even to impeach, which would be my preferred course of action right now. It is very simple. Comply with the law, do your job, or get out. I support this resolution. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership and tenacious spirit on this, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, before I yield further time, I have a parliamen-tary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 970, which is before us now, includes a reference to a document unilaterally issued by the House Judiciary Com-mittee on March 22, 2018. It is my un-derstanding that the issuance of this purported subpoena is defective be-cause it did not comply with com-mittee rules providing that: At least two business days before issuing any subpoena, the Chair shall consult with the Ranking Member, and the Chair shall provide a full copy of the proposed subpoena. While, in this instance, the chairman did provide me, as ranking member, with a copy of a proposed subpoena on March 19, the document the chairman issued on March 22 was substantively and materially different from the docu-ment that was shared on March 19, in abrogation of committee rules. My parliamentary inquiry is whether these circumstances would have any bearing on consideration of this resolu-tion, H. Res. 970, and, absent that, whether the defective nature would have any bearing on any future at-tempts by the House to enforce the supposed subpoena? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House is currently considering H. Res. 970. The Chair cannot separately com-ment on committee proceedings. That is a matter for debate on the resolu-tion. Mr. NADLER. Could the Chair repeat that last sentence? I couldn’t hear. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Cer-tainly. The House is currently consid-ering H. Res. 970. The Chair cannot sep-arately comment on committee pro-ceedings. That is a matter for debate on the resolution. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, in that case I will include in the RECORD a copy of a letter that I sent to the chair dated June 21, 2018, detailing the facts and background concerning the defec-tive nature of the subpoena purport-edly issued on March 22. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 21, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, D.C. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : I am writing to inform you that the subpoena you issued to the Department of Justice on March 22, 2018 does not comply with Committee rules and is therefore not a valid subpoena under the Rules of the House. On March 22, 2018, you issued a subpoena to the Department of Justice ‘‘seeking docu-ments related to [the Majority’s] ongoing in-vestigation regarding charging decisions in the investigation surrounding former Sec-retary Clinton’s private email server in 2016.’’ House Republicans have repeatedly ac-cused Department officials of failing to com-ply with this subpoena—and even threatened some of those officials with contempt of Con-gress and impeachment proceedings. As you know, if you choose to issue a sub-poena unilaterally—instead of putting the proposed subpoena to a vote of the Com-mittee—our rules require you to ‘‘consult’’ with me in advance. Specifically: At least two business days before issuing any subpoena pursuant to subsection (a), the Chair shall consult with the Ranking Mem-ber regarding the authorization and issuance of such subpoena, and the Chair shall provide a full copy of the proposed subpoena, includ-ing any proposed document schedule, at that time. As we discussed on at least one other occa-sion, our ‘‘consultation’’ is not complete— and the subpoena may not issue—until you have transmitted a full copy of the subpoena to my office. On March 19, 2018, we met to discuss a sub-poena for documents related to the Depart-ment of Justice’s handling of the Clinton in-vestigation. At that time, you provided me with a document that describes 14 different categories of information sought from the Department and the FBI. I have enclosed a copy of this document for your convenience. The subpoena you issued on March 22 is substantively and materially different from the document you shared with me on March 19. The subpoena requests nine categories of information, not 14. It is also significantly different in scope than the document you shared with me at our meeting. Our Com-mittee rules prevent the Majority from mak-ing substantive changes to a proposed sub-poena without appropriate notice to the Mi-nority. Because you did not provide me with a copy of the subpoena that actually issued, the subpoena that you eventually issued would be unenforceable as a matter of law. Although you certainly have the option to issue another unilateral subpoena to cure this defect, I would urge you to consider a more bipartisan response. As you know, we recently changed our rules to give the Chair-man the option of issuing a subpoena with-out first putting the proposal to a vote of the Committee. We agreed to this change based largely on your guarantee that you would only use the unilateral subpoena power ‘‘dur-ing periods of recess’’ or in ‘‘extraordinary circumstances.’’ This Congress, you have proposed to issue a unilateral subpoena on three occasions. I have objected each time, on the grounds that the circumstances did not meet your own standard and that the full Committee should have an opportunity to debate the wisdom of using our time and re-sources in this manner. I am similarly con-cerned about your refusal to include Demo-crats in discussions of what documents the Committee should request and which indi-viduals should be interviewed and when meeting with Department of Justice officials to negotiate how they will respond to Com-mittee requests. On a broader level, I hope that this defec-tive subpoena will give the Majority an op-portunity to reassess its priorities. I believe that other work should take precedence over this largely unproductive investigation. For-eign adversaries continue to threaten our elections, the President has created an im-migration crisis at our borders, gun violence plagues our schools and our homes, and the Trump Administration continues to dis-regard even the most basic ethics rules. Surely any one of these topics, each one squarely within the Committee’s jurisdic-tion, is more important than the unending hunt for Hillary Clinton’s email. Sincerely, J
ERROLD NADLER . Enclosures. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, March 22, 2018. Hon. R
ODJ. R OSENSTEIN , Deputy Attorney General, U.S. Department of Justice, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. ROSENSTEIN : Four months have passed since Chairman Gowdy and I, along 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.010 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5831 June 28, 2018 
with Representatives Jordan, Meadows, Buck, and Ratcliffe, wrote you seeking docu-ments related to our ongoing investigation regarding charging decisions in the inves-tigation surrounding former Secretary Clin-ton’s private email server in 2016. To date, the Department has only produced a fraction of the documents that have been requested. In addition, in early February, I wrote the Department and the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation seeking documents related to poten-tial abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act. No documents have been pro-vided to the Committee in response to this request. Given the Department’s ongoing delays in producing these documents, I am left with no choice but to issue the enclosed subpoena to compel production of these documents. Moreover, since our requests for docu-ments related to the Clinton email server in-vestigation were made, it has come to light that the FBI’s Office of Professional Respon-sibility recommended the dismissal of former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe. This recommendation appears to be based, at least in part, on events related to the inves-tigation surrounding former Secretary Clin-ton’s private email server. Accordingly, the subpoena additionally covers all documents and communications relied upon by FBI’s Of-fice of Professional Responsibility in reach-ing its decision to recommend the dismissal of former Deputy Director McCabe. Thank you for your prompt attention to this important matter. If any part of the production has been designated as classified pursuant to Executive Order 13526, please contact Committee majority staff so that ar-rangements may be made to ensure that the documents are handled appropriately within the House. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. Enclosure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.047 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5832 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.047 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 163/5 here EH28JN18.001lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSESUBPOENA 
BY AUTHORITY OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
To The Honorable Rod J. Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General You are hereby commanded to 
be and appear before the 
Committee on the Judiciary 
of the House of Representatives of the United States at the place, date, and time specified below. 
0 to produce the things identified on the attached schedule touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee 
or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave of said committee or subcommittee. Place 
of production: 2138 Rayburn House Office Building Date: AprilS, 
2018 Time: 12:00 noon 
D to testify at a deposition touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave 
of said committee or subcommittee. 
I Place oftestimony: Date: Time: 
--------------------
0 to testify at a hearing touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave 
of said committee or subcommittee. Place 
of testimony: Date: 
_________ _ Time: 
To Any authorized staff member to serve and make return. 
-------------------------------------------------------
Witness my hand and the seal ofthe House of Representatives of the United States, at the 
city of Washington, D.C. this 22 
Chairman or Authorized Member 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5833 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.047 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 163/6 here EH28JN18.002lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEPROOF OF SERVICE 
Subpoena for The Honorable Rod 
J. Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General Address United 
States Department of Justice, 950 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, D.C. 20530 
before the Committee on the Judiciary 
U.S. House ofRepresentatives I 15th Congress 
Served by (print name) Eric Bagwell 
----~~-----------------------------------------------
Title Senior Legislative Clerk Manner 
of service Hand delivery 
--------~--------------------------·-----------------------
Date 03/22/2018 Signature 
of Server --------------------------------------------------
Address 2138 Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC 20515 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5834 June 28, 2018 
SCHEDULE  In accordance with the attached instruc-tions for responding to Judiciary Committee document requests, you are required to produce the following documents in unredacted form: 1. All documents and communications pro-vided to or obtained by the Department of Justice’s Office of the Inspector General (OIG) regarding the FBI’s decision-making with respect to the FBI’s investigation of former Secretary Clinton’s private email server; 2. Documents sufficient to show the names, titles, and business addresses of all personnel who participated in deliberations concerning the decision whether to charge Clinton. In lieu of documents, you may provide a list of the requested information; 3. The document referenced by James Rybicki during his January 18, 2018 interview with the Committee referring or relating to court cases or judicial decisions used in con-sidering, justifying, or communicating pos-sible charges against, or decisions not to charge, Clinton; 4. All documents and communications re-lied upon by FBI’s Office of Professional Re-sponsibility in reaching its decision to rec-ommend the dismissal of former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe; 5. All documents and communications with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (‘‘FISC’’) referring or relating to any For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act (‘‘FISA’’) applications associated with Carter Page or individuals on President Trump’s 2016 presi-dential campaign or part of the Trump ad-ministration; 6. All documents and communications re-ferring or relating to FISC hearings and de-liberations, including any court transcripts, related to any FISA applications associated with Carter Page or the Trump campaign or Trump administration; 7. All documents and communications re-ferring or relating to internal Department of Justice or FBI management requests to re-view, scrub, report on, or analyze any report-ing of FISA collection involving, or coverage mentioning, the Trump campaign or Trump administration; 8. All documents and communications re-ferring or relating to defensive briefings pro-vided by the Department of Justice or FBI to the 2016 presidential campaigns of Clinton or President Trump; and, 9. All documents and communications re-ferring or relating to proposed, rec-ommended, or actual FISA coverage on the Clinton Foundation or persons associated or in communication with the Clinton Founda-tion. R
ESPONDING TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEE  D
OCUMENT REQUESTS  In responding to the document request, please apply the instructions and definitions set forth below: 
INSTRUCTIONS  1. In complying with this request, you should produce all responsive documents in unredacted form that are in your possession, custody, or control or otherwise available to you, regardless of whether the documents are possessed directly by you. 2. Documents responsive to the request should not be destroyed, modified, removed, transferred, or otherwise made inaccessible to the Committee. 3. In the event that any entity, organiza-tion, or individual named in the request has been, or is currently, known by any other name, the request should be read also to in-clude such other names under that alter-native identification. 4. Each document should be produced in a form that may be copied by standard copying machines. 5. When you produce documents, you should identify the paragraph(s) and/or clause(s) in the Committee’s request to which the document responds. 6. Documents produced pursuant to this re-quest should be produced in the order in which they appear in your files and should not be rearranged. Any documents that are stapled, clipped, or otherwise fastened to-gether should not be separated. Documents produced in response to this request should be produced together with copies of file la-bels, dividers, or identifying markers with which they were associated when this re-quest was issued. Indicate the office or divi-sion and person from whose files each docu-ment was produced. 7. Each folder and box should be numbered, and a description of the contents of each folder and box, including the paragraph(s) and/or clause(s) of the request to which the documents are responsive, should be pro-vided in an accompanying index. 8. Responsive documents must be produced regardless of whether any other person or en-tity possesses non-identical or identical cop-ies of the same document. 9. The Committee requests electronic docu-ments in addition to paper productions. If any of the requested information is available in machine-readable or electronic form (such as on a computer server, hard drive, CD, DVD, back up tape, or removable computer media such as thumb drives, flash drives, memory cards, and external hard drives), you should immediately consult with Com-mittee majority staff to determine the ap-propriate format in which to produce the in-formation. Documents produced in elec-tronic format should be organized, identi-fied, and indexed electronically in a manner comparable to the organizational structure called for in (6) and (7) above. 10. If any document responsive to this re-quest was, but no longer is, in your posses-sion, custody, or control, or has been placed into the possession, custody, or control of any third party and cannot be provided in re-sponse to this request, you should identify the document (stating its date, author, sub-ject, and recipients) and explain the cir-cumstances under which the document ceased to be in your possession, custody, or control, or was placed in the possession, cus-tody, or control of a third party. 11. If any document responsive to this re-quest was, but no longer is, in your posses-sion, custody, or control, state: a) how the document was disposed of; b) the name, current address, and tele-phone number of the person who currently has possession, custody, or control over the document; c) the date of disposition; and d) the name, current address, and tele-phone number of each person who authorized said disposition or who had or has knowledge of said disposition. 12. If any document responsive to this re-quest cannot be located, describe with par-ticularity the efforts made to locate the doc-ument and the specific reason for its dis-appearance, destruction, or unavailability. 13. If a date or other descriptive detail set forth in this request referring to a document, communication, meeting, or other event is inaccurate, but the actual date or other de-scriptive detail is known to you or is other-wise apparent from the context of the re-quest, you should produce all documents that would be responsive as if the date or other descriptive detail were correct. 14. The request is continuing in nature and applies to any newly discovered document, regardless of the date of its creation. Any document not produced because it has not been located or discovered by the return date should be produced immediately upon loca-tion or discovery subsequent thereto. 15. All documents should be Bates-stamped sequentially and produced sequentially. In a cover letter to accompany your response, you should include a total page count for the entire production, including both hard copy and electronic documents. 16. Two sets of the documents should be de-livered to the Committee, one set to the ma-jority staff in Room 2138 of the Rayburn House Office Building and one set to the mi-nority staff in Room 2142 of the Rayburn House Office Building. You should consult with Committee majority staff regarding the method of delivery prior to sending any ma-terials. 17. In the event that a responsive docu-ment is withheld on any basis, including a claim of privilege, you should provide a log containing the following information con-cerning every such document: (a) the reason the document is not being produced; (b) the type of document; (c) the general subject matter; (d) the date, author, and addressee; (e) the relationship of the author and ad-dressee to each other; and (f) any other de-scription necessary to identify the document and to explain the basis for not producing the document. If a claimed privilege applies to only a portion of any document, that por-tion only should be withheld and the remain-der of the document should be produced. As used herein, ‘‘claim of privilege’’ includes, but is not limited to, any claim that a docu-ment either may or must be withheld from production pursuant to any statute, rule, or regulation. (a) Any objections or claims of privilege are waived if you fail to provide an expla-nation of why full compliance is not possible and a log identifying with specificity the ground(s) for withholding each withheld doc-ument prior to the request compliance date. (b) In complying with the request, be ap-prised that (unless otherwise determined by the Committee) the Committee does not rec-ognize: any purported non-disclosure privi-leges associated with the common law in-cluding, but not limited to, the deliberative- process privilege, the attorney-client privi-lege, and attorney work product protections; any purported privileges or protections from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act; or any purported contractual privileges, such as non-disclosure agreements. (c) Any assertion by a request recipient of any such non-constitutional legal bases for withholding documents or other materials shall be of no legal force and effect and shall not provide a justification for such with-holding or refusal, unless and only to the ex-tent that the Committee (or the chair of the Committee, if authorized) has consented to recognize the assertion as valid. 18. If the request cannot be complied with in full, it should be complied with to the ex-tent possible, which should include an expla-nation of why full compliance is not possible. 19. Upon completion of the document pro-duction, you must submit a written certifi-cation, signed by you or your counsel, stat-ing that: (1) a diligent search has been com-pleted of all documents in your possession, custody, or control which reasonably could contain responsive documents; (2) documents responsive to the request have not been de-stroyed, modified, removed, transferred, or otherwise made inaccessible to the Com-mittee since the date of receiving the Com-mittee’s request or in anticipation of receiv-ing the Committee’s request, and (3) all doc-uments identified during the search that are responsive have been produced to the Com-mittee, identified in a log provided to the Committee, as described in (17) above, or identified as provided in (10), (11), or (12) above. 20. When representing a witness or entity before the Committee in response to a docu-ment request or request for transcribed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.047 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5835 June 28, 2018 
interview, counsel for the witness or entity must promptly submit to the Committee a notice of appearance specifying the fol-lowing: (a) counsel’s name, firm or organiza-tion, and contact information; and (b) each client represented by the counsel in connec-tion with the proceeding. Submission of a notice of appearance constitutes acknowl-edgement that counsel is authorized to ac-cept service of process by the Committee on behalf of such client(s) and that counsel is bound by and agrees to comply with all ap-plicable House and Committee rules and reg-ulations. 
DEFINITIONS  1. The term ‘‘document’’ means any writ-ten, recorded, or graphic matter of any na-ture whatsoever, regardless of how recorded, and whether original or copy, including but not limited to, the following: memoranda, reports, expense reports, books, manuals, in-structions, financial reports, working papers, records, notes, letters, notices, confirma-tions, telegrams, receipts, appraisals, pam-phlets, magazines, newspapers, prospectuses, interoffice and intra-office communications, electronic mail (‘‘e-mail’’), instant messages, text messages, calendars, contracts, cables, notations of any type of conversation, tele-phone call, meeting or other communication, bulletins, printed matter, computer print-outs, invoices, transcripts, diaries, analyses, returns, summaries, minutes, bills, accounts, estimates, projections, comparisons, mes-sages, correspondence, press releases, circu-lars, financial statements, reviews, opinions, offers, studies and investigations, question-naires and surveys, power point presen-tations, spreadsheets, and work sheets. The term ‘‘document’’ includes all drafts, pre-liminary versions, alterations, modifica-tions, revisions, changes, and amendments to the foregoing, as well as any attachments or appendices thereto. 2. The term ‘‘documents in your posses-sion, custody or control’’ means (a) docu-ments that are in your possession, custody, or control, whether held by you or your past or present agents, employees, or representa-tives acting on your behalf; (b) documents that you have a legal right to obtain, that you have a right to copy, or to which you have access; and (c) documents that have been placed in the possession, custody, or control of any third party. 3. The term ‘‘communication’’ means each manner or means of disclosure or exchange of information, regardless of means utilized, whether oral, electronic, by document or otherwise, and whether in an in-person meet-ing, by telephone, facsimile, email (desktop or mobile device), text message, instant mes-sage, MMS or SMS message, regular mail, telexes, releases, or otherwise. 4. The terms ‘‘and’’ and ‘‘or’’ should be con-strued broadly and either conjunctively or disjunctively as necessary to bring within the scope of this request any information which might otherwise be construed to be outside its scope. The singular includes the plural number, and vice versa. The mas-culine includes the feminine and neuter gen-ders. 5. The terms ‘‘person’’ or ‘‘persons’’ mean natural persons, firms, partnerships, associa-tions, limited liability corporations and companies, limited liability partnerships, corporations, subsidiaries, divisions, depart-ments, joint ventures, proprietorships, syn-dicates, other legal, business or government entities, or any other organization or group of persons, and all subsidiaries, affiliates, di-visions, departments, branches, and other units thereof. 6. The terms ‘‘referring’’ or ‘‘relating,’’ with respect to any given subject, mean any-thing that constitutes, contains, embodies, reflects, identifies, states, refers to, deals with, or is in any manner whatsoever perti-nent to that subject. 7. The terms ‘‘you’’ or ‘‘your’’ means and refers to you as a natural person and the United States and any of its agencies, of-fices, subdivisions, entities, officials, admin-istrators, employees, attorneys, agents, advi-sors, consultants, staff, contractors, or any other persons acting on your behalf or under your control or direction; and includes any other person(s) defined in the document re-quest letter. 8. The term ‘‘administration’’ means and refers to any department, agency, division, office, subdivision, entity, official, adminis-trator, employee, attorney, agent, advisor, consultant, staff, or any other person acting on behalf or under the control or direction of the Executive Branch. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.048 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5836 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.048 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 163/14 here EH28JN18.003lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSESUBPOENA 
BY AUTHORITY OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
CO~GRESS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
Tu The Honorable Rod J. Rosenstein, Deputy Attomcy General You are hereby commanded 
to be and appear before the 
Committee on the 
of the House of Representatives of the United States at the plat:e, date, and time specified below. 
0 to produce the things identified on the attached schedule touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave 
of said committee or subcommittee. 
Date: 
April4, 2018 Time: 12:00 noon 
D to testify at a deposition touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave 
of said committee or subcommittee. 
Place 
Date:---------
D to testify at a hearing touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and without leave 
of said committee or subcommittee. 
Time: authorized 
staff member 
_______________________________ to serve and make return. Witness 
my hand and the seal of the House of Representatives of the United States, at 
the city of Washington, D.C. this dayof~M~a~r~ch~ __________ ,2018. 
Attest: or Authorized Member 
Clerk 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5837 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.048 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 163/15 here EH28JN18.004lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEPROOF OF SERVICE 
Subpoena for 
The Honorable Rod J. Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General Address 
United States Department of Justice, 950 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, D.C. 20530 
before the Committee on the Judiciary 
U.S. House a./Representatives 
I 15th Congress 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5838 June 28, 2018 
SCHEDULE  In accordance with the attached instruc-tions for responding to Judiciary Committee document requests, you are required to produce the following documents in unredacted form: 1. All documents and communications re-ferring or relating to the investigation into former Secretary Clinton to or from the FBI’s Office of the Director and the FBI’s Of-fice of the Deputy Director between January 1, 2016, and November 8, 2016; 2. All documents and communications re-ferring or relating to the decision or rec-ommendation not to charge former Sec-retary Clinton dated, created, or modified between January 1, 2016, and November 8, 2016, including copies of the documents post-ed or referenced on the FBI’s Electronic FOIA Library on October 16, 2017, titled Drafts of Director Comey’s July 5, 2016 Statement Regarding Email Server Inves-tigation; 3. All documents and communications re-ferring or relating to former Director Comey’s decision to appropriate, from the Department of Justice, the decision whether to charge former Secretary Clinton; 4. All documents and communications re-ferring or relating to former Director Comey’s decision to make a public state-ment on July 5, 2016; 5. All documents and communications re-ferring or relating to former Director Comey’s decision to inform Congress regard-ing the status of the Clinton entail server in-vestigation on October 28, 2016, and Novem-ber 6, 2016; 6. A list of all personnel who participated in deliberations concerning the decision whether to charge former Secretary Clinton; 7. All documents and communications the Department of Justice has provided to its Of-fice of the Inspector General for the Inspec-tor General’s investigation into the FBI’s de-cision-making in the FBI’s investigation of former Secretary Clinton’s private email server; 8. The document of court cases used in con-sidering various possible charges against former Secretary Clinton referenced by James Rybicki during his January 18, 2018 interview with the Committee; 9. All documents and communications re-lied upon by FBI’s Office of Professional Re-sponsibility in reaching its decision to rec-ommend the dismissal of former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe: 10. All FBI and Department of Justice doc-uments and communications with the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court (‘‘FISC’’) related to any Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (‘‘FISA’’) applications asso-ciated with individuals on President Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign or part of the Trump administration; 11. All documents of FISC hearings and de-liberations, including any court transcripts, related to any FISA applications associated with the Trump campaign or Trump admin-istration; 12. All documents and communications re-lating to internal Department of Justice or FBI management requests to review, scrub, report on, or analyze any reporting of FISA collection against, or coverage mentioning, the Trump campaign or Trump administra-tion; 13. All documents and communications concerning defensive briefing provided by the Department of Justice or FBI to the 2016 presidential campaigns of former Secretary Clinton or President Trump; and, 14. All documents and communications concerning proposed, recommended, or ac-tual FISA coverage on former Secretary Clinton, her associates, or associated organi-zations. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ), the ranking member of the Constitu-tion and Civil Justice Subcommittee. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for the time. What we are experiencing here in this moment in this Chamber is the great-est tribute to Federico Fellini that could ever be produced in this House. It is a theater of the absurd. It is a ruse on the American people and an attempt to defeat justice that will go back and expose activities involving Russia and participants in the 2016 election that resulted in the election of Donald Trump. b1045 The fact is there is a special counsel investigating that, one of the most dis-tinguished Americans ever, a Purple Heart recipient who went in the Ma-rines because one of his friends was killed; and he volunteered to go to Vietnam, received a Purple Heart and other commendations, and then came back here and didn’t practice law and make money and get greedy on 5th Av-enue, but he pursued justice, and he put Gotti away, and he put Noriega away. He has dealt with some of the worst people in this world, and it is a perfect calling for him to stand for the Con-stitution and for our country and for the rule of law and investigate possible collusion with Russia in our 2016 elec-tion and other activities. The campaign manager for President Trump is in jail right now because, while out on bond, he did acts that the judge couldn’t countenance and couldn’t count on him not to engage in again, so she had to put him in jail. There have been indictments. There have been guilty pleas by people close to the President. The President is feeling the heat, and his acolytes here in the House of Rep-resentatives, rather than operating as a check and balance on the administra-tion and protecting the flag, the Con-stitution, and doing their duty and their oath of office, are producing this ruse to make the American public think there is something wrong with our Justice Department, our FBI, and our special counsel, going after Mr. Mueller, a registered Republican; Mr. Rosenstein, a Republican appointed by Mr. Trump; and Mr. Wray at the FBI, a Republican appointed by Trump. As we are here on this floor, the Ju-diciary Committee is having a sham hearing with Rosenstein and Wray, Re-publicans fighting Republicans to get information. But it is not Republicans fighting Republicans. It is Republicans fighting for Trump, who has taken over this party, a party that once proudly stood for people like Ronald Reagan and Dwight Eisenhower and George Bush and George H.W. Bush and even Abraham Lincoln, who most people know was a Republican. What we are seeing is the takeover of our democracy, and this is the theater of the absurd. These documents should not be turned over, and the Justice De-partment doesn’t turn them over be-cause it would reveal sources and it would imperil an investigation. God bless the United States, and may we protect Robert Mueller. I reiterate my oath to defend the Constitution. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ), my good friend. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, the very things that my colleagues across the aisle are arguing could have been argued back in Water-gate days and they would have kept Richard Nixon in office. Some of us on this side of the aisle don’t care about party as much as we do about justice and the truth. And what we have found is that leading in-telligence people and Justice people were lying. Clapper has been found to have been a liar, perjured himself; so has Bren-nan. And then we get more information that has been objected to, redacted, and we find out, whoa. These guys said this was for national security, and it turns out, when we get the informa-tion, actually, it was because it was embarrassing to the people objecting. Oversight is absolutely critical, and the last administration didn’t have enough oversight, and, in fact, they ob-structed. They were able to drag things out, so we never got to the bottom of things like Fast and Furious, when one of our own precious American agents was killed. There were no answers, and they are trying it again. But now we have this obligation to make sure that these documents that have been hidden are brought forward. And, yes, we have Mr. Rosenstein, who actually was involved in an inves-tigation of Russia trying to get, ille-gally, U.S. uranium, and he worked with a guy named Mueller, who hired a guy named Weissmann to help in that investigation. And they have hidden what went on there and even forced a witness to sign a nondisclosure agree-ment—unheard of in that situation. It is imperative that we bring these things out. We have too many people in the Justice Department—I watched one of them named Strzok yesterday, and I can’t go into what he said, but I was going: Wow. We know that is a lie, what he just said. He is so good. And then I realized he must have said, straight-faced, to his wife 100 times about: Oh, no, there is nothing going on with me and Ms. Page. There are too many people in the Justice Department who have gotten too good at lying. We need these docu-ments to see what is the truth. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the ranking Demo-crat on the Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Inter-net. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, today, I rise in opposition to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.048 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5839 June 28, 2018 
resolution, which is a Republican at-tempt to delay and derail the Mueller investigation. Mr. Speaker, what we have today is a Republican President who is under criminal investigation. We have a Re-publican-led House of Representatives that is doing its best as a cult fol-lowing for the President to help him thwart the investigation, help him stop the investigation. So what this is all about today is to pass a resolution that would result in the Justice Department, which is con-ducting the investigation of the Presi-dent, to turn over documents that go to the heart of the investigation. Now, why do they want the Depart-ment of Justice to turn that docu-mentation over to them? Well, so that it can be leaked, leaked to FOX News, get back to the President, and then the President will be in a much better posi-tion to do what he does when it comes to being investigated criminally. And what it all adds up to, ladies and gen-tlemen, is politics trumping justice. You never investigate an investiga-tion that is ongoing. You wait until that investigation is over, then you judge the investigation as to whether or not it was fair. So everything that the Republicans are doing here today is against justice; it is against the rule of law; it is against the Constitution; and it is against the America that we all hold dear. This is a stretching, a warping of the power of the legislative branch. They are seeking to use their power to put their heavy thumb and hand on the scale of justice. I heard one of my colleagues say that justice should be blind, and, yes, Lady Justice does have a blindfold on so that she cannot see. What these Republicans are trying to do today, ladies and gen-tlemen, is to remove the blindfold on Lady Justice to let Lady Justice reveal an injustice, to let this President use Lady Justice, as he has used women in the past, to take away the sanctity of this Nation. Mr. Speaker, this is hurtful to our Nation. I would ask my colleagues on the other side to please think about what they are doing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I might remind the Speaker and all those who are in this Chamber today that this is about this very fundamental principle of this institution being able to do oversight. Since when is it not a good idea to have the documents from all agencies brought forth to this body so that the American people can judge for them-selves? Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ). Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, it is one of my great pleasures to educate young people about the United States Con-stitution. I find myself in an interesting posi-tion today because the people that I am educating aren’t that young. One of my colleagues said that we are request-ing documents to which we are not en-titled. Checks and balances, anyone? We are entitled to whatever we ask for from agencies we established and fund and oversee. Someone also said we are showing that politics is bigger than the law. Mr. Speaker, the Constitution of the United States is the law. This should have never come to this point that we should need a resolution of the House of Representatives to indicate that an executive branch entity that is funded by, established by, and overseen by this very House of Representatives should be compelled to give to us that to which we are entitled. The next vote is a symptom of a much greater disease. We have a petu-lant Department of Justice defended by a petulant minority party. Article I, section 8, Necessary and Proper Clause: It is the power of the legislature to establish comprehensive entities, to oversee such executive en-tities, and to fund such executive enti-ties. Mr. Speaker, we just witnessed a vote where 224 people, along party lines, voted to compel an executive branch entity established and funded by this body to do its job; and 182, along party lines, voted against having them be re-sponsive to the checks and balances es-tablished in the Constitution of the United States. There shouldn’t even need to be a vote. Have the ‘‘nays’’ not read the Constitution? or do they just not care? We established the DOJ. They refuse the oversight like a petulant child by withholding documents. Perhaps the time has come to look at our third re-sponsibility, and that is the money. If President Trump won’t compel dis-closure, if DOJ won’t comply with the instruction of the body that estab-lished them and funds them, perhaps it is time to dock this petulant child’s al-lowance. The power of the purse is ours. In a perfect world, DOJ would never face such sanctions. But as the vote that we just witnessed has indicated, we don’t live in a perfect world. So as I see it, there are two options: DOJ can do their job and turn over the documents, or I and others of like mind can demand that we began to stop funding this petulant child who flaunts its ridiculous unissued power in the face of those who understand the Con-stitution and the citizens of the United States. It is unconstitutional; it is arrogant and insubordinate; and it should stop; and any ruse of legality that is delight-fully tap danced on by those who con-veniently use the Constitution when it suits and then pervert it when it does not is not the direction this country needs to go if our tomorrows shall be as prosperous as our yesterdays. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. RASKIN ), the vice ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, as a mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee and a professor of constitutional law, I rise against this uncommonly silly and un-precedented so-called resolution of in-sistence. We have already received hundreds of thousands of documents from the De-partment of Justice, and yet now they want to subpoena information relating directly to an ongoing criminal and counterintelligence investigation which the majority knows full well the Department of Justice cannot and will not release to us. And why are they doing it? Well, pre-sumably it is all to manufacture a con-stitutional crisis so somebody can get fired over there, so they can impeach Rosenstein, as they are talking in the Judiciary Committee, so they can sack the Attorney General, so they can get rid of Mueller, or whatever. Do your jobs. Look what is going on in America. We have got more than 2,000 kids who are separated from their families by the policy of this adminis-tration. Their parents don’t know where they are. Let’s do our job. Let’s reunify those kids with their parents. We saw the Parkland massacre. We saw the Las Vegas massacre. We saw the massacre in San Bernardino Coun-ty. We have not had one hearing on a universal criminal and mental back-ground check that is desired by 97 per-cent of the American people—not one hearing. Instead, we are caught up in this nonsense because they can’t get over Hillary Clinton’s emails. Enough. Get over it. Do your jobs. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ar-izona says there is a loose fence in America. There is a loose fence. Fif-teen U.S. intelligence agencies told us in January of 2017 that Russian agents had engaged in active-measure cam-paigns to undermine the American election. They had a propaganda cam-paign to put poison on the internet through Facebook and through other social media. They directly conducted a campaign of cyber espionage and sab-otage against the Democratic National Committee, and they tried to break in to our election systems in more than 20 States. And what have they done with the loose fence? Nothing. They have helped to open the gates. That is what we should be talking about today, not this ludicrous, absurd resolution. b1100 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I ask the Speaker if he would remind others that are in this well, that if they are really concerned about family reunification, I have a bill—and the gentleman opposite is certainly welcome to come in and co-sponsor that bill—to reunify those. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIF-
FITH), my good friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.024 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5840 June 28, 2018 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and appreciate the time. I would say that that is a good bill, and I am glad to have been an original cosponsor with the gentleman from North Carolina on the bill related to making sure that families are not sepa-rated. Now, the previous gentleman also said for us to do our jobs. It is curious, because, as I understand it, part of our job is to make sure that we are over-seeing the Federal Government. Our Founding Fathers created something that had never been created before, a checks-and-balance system. There was supposed to be a natural tension between the various branches, and Congress is supposed to be an equal branch with the power of oversight over the administrative branch to make sure that they are following the laws and to make sure that they are meting out justice evenhandedly. That is what this resolution is about. But Congress too often sits back and does not do anything. It just says: Oh, well, we can’t get that information. We are so sorry. This resolution points out that we have been patiently waiting for some of these documents for years, for months, for weeks, for the administra-tive branch of government to respond to its coequal branch, the United States Congress, and they have refused to do so. I would submit that this is a very measured resolution; that it does not immediately call for holding somebody in contempt, or holding somebody to find that somebody should be im-peached. It says, instead: Here is the deadline. What we are trying to seek here are the facts. If you are afraid of the facts, then, yes, you stand up on the floor and you rail about all other kinds of issues. But the facts, the truth, needs to come out for the Amer-ican people. So I would submit that this resolu-tion is very reasonable and ought to be passed. Because if there is not a re-sponse, it is our duty to hold those who do not respond properly in contempt. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, it is our duty, as this Congress, to find and to hold in contempt those people who do not respond, and then to take their persons into possession and have them explain to a judge how it is that they plan to purge themselves of that con-tempt. It is reasonable that we give them notice before such action is taken. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
CHIFF ), the distinguished ranking member of the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution. If this was oversight, I would be in strong sup-port of any effort to seek production, but it is not. This is not oversight. It is collabora-tion with the Executive masquerading as oversight. Or if this is oversight, it is oversight of the most obsequious kind. It is oversight in the nature of: How may we serve you, dear President? It is oversight that asks: What is your will, dear President? It is oversight that says: We are not worthy, dear Presi-dent. It is oversight that says: We shall seek, but you shall find, Mr. President, because what we obtained we shall pro-vide to your legal defense team, or we shall selectively leak or misrepresent in your service. It is oversight in the nature of not desiring an outcome, not desiring the production of documents, but, rather, the production of a fight, the produc-tion of a pretext to give the dear Presi-dent a pretext to fire Rod Rosenstein or Bob Mueller. I have served on the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence now for almost a decade, and while I cannot disclose the number of FISA applica-tions during the course of those 10 years, I can tell you the number of times that my Republican colleagues have sought the underlying investiga-tory materials behind a specific FISA application, and that number is one. That case is this case, and that case just happens to implicate our dear President. It is not that there are no areas that call out for oversight right now. There are too many to count. Why is it that after sanctioning ZTE for violating Iran sanctions and violating North Korea sanctions, the President abrupt-ly changed course out of an ostensible concern for Chinese jobs? Is it because the Chinese invested $500 million in a Trump-branded property? That is wor-thy of oversight. Is the First Family seeking to do business with Gulf or other allies while making U.S. policy? Is U.S. policy for sale? That is worthy of oversight. Is the President seeking to raise postal rates on Amazon to punish The Washington Post and suppress the free-dom of press? That is worthy of over-sight. But none of this is oversight. Speak-er Boehner recently said that the Re-publican Party was off taking a nap somewhere. If that is so, then despite the best efforts of our capable ranking member, ELIJAH CUMMINGS , the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee that should be doing this over-sight is in the midst of the deepest slumber. Wake up, my colleagues, and do your jobs. Wake up and end this duplicitous attack on the Department of Justice and the FBI and our special counsel be-cause this is surely not oversight. It is not what oversight looks like. But it is what an attack on the rule of law looks like. It is what happens when we whit-tle away our democracy one piece by terrible piece. When this chapter of our history is written, it will condemn the actions of a President who little understands or respects the institutions of our democ-racy. But it will reserve some of the harshest criticism for this Congress that enabled him, this Congress that knew its responsibility but failed to live up to it. Wake up, Republican Party. Wake up, my colleagues. The country needs you. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from California. Mr. SCHIFF. Wake up, my col-leagues. True oversight, when the President occupies the same party as the majority in Congress, requires that majority to put country over party. It is incompatible with the corrupting principle of party over everything else. Wake up, my colleagues, and do your jobs. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what we are trying to do. We are trying to do our job, and the gentleman opposite makes an eloquent speech about doing our job of proper oversight. I can tell you, I have served on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for 6 years. And in that 6 years, not only have we been tenacious in getting documents, but we have also had a responsive dialogue back and forth with many in the executive branch. At what point do you do oversight if you can’t get the very documents that we request? My friends on the other side of the aisle many times will talk about getting documents when it serves a particular political purpose that they want to espouse. And, yet, when we are talking about the fun-damentals of this country, Lady Jus-tice, and meting out justice without any favoritism, indeed, that is why we need the documents. That is why we are trying to do our job, and that is why this resolution is so critical. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H
ICE), my good friend. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I deeply appreciate my good friend from North Carolina for afford-ing me the opportunity to speak. Mr. Speaker, I find it interesting that when those from the other side have an empty argument, their answer is to yell loud and to rail on issues that are unrelated to that which we are cur-rently discussing. Mr. Speaker, our Founders made it very clear when they drafted the Con-stitution that we have a system of gov-ernment that keeps each branch ac-countable to the Constitution and the rule of law. For nearly 18 months now, the Department of Justice has at-tempted to shield itself from the legis-lative branch’s duty to conduct over-sight. That is, and ought to be, both alarming and absolutely unacceptable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.027 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5841 June 28, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, we know clearly from the IG report here recently, text after text, email after email, that there were a number of FBI agents who were ex-tremely biased against the Trump ad-ministration, the Trump candidacy, and in favor of Hillary Clinton. We know that bias existed. We also know that many of them were willing to use their position, their status, to try to influence the election. These are things that we know. And we, as a legislative body, have not only the responsibility to do oversight, but we have got to have the information in order to do that oversight. That is what this resolution is all about. I think it is important for all of us to come back to the understanding, the realization, that oversight is nec-essary to prevent corruption. That is what this is all about. The American people, not just Mem-bers of Congress, have the right to get answers to the questions that are be-fore us. This is all for the purpose of preventing corruption that may exist and to prevent it from going further. This resolution is a clear message to the Department of Justice that the U.S. House of Representatives is deter-mined to get the documents that have been requested. Even a single page from these missing documents could be critical to the overall congressional in-vestigation that is underway. It is all necessary. There are irrefutable facts, Mr. Speaker. The Department of Justice is accountable to Congress. Another fact: They are hiding documents. They are refusing to cooperate. We have, even beyond that now, the chilling reports that the Deputy Attorney General per-sonally threatened staff members on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. This is unacceptable. So under this resolution, the full force of the House is being brought to light, Mr. Speaker. We have got to get to the bottom of this. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader of the House. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and I thank him for his extraordinary leadership in articulating what is right, what honors our oath of office to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, the separation of power contained therein, and the integrity of our judi-cial system. I also thank our distinguished rank-ing member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Mr. S
CHIFF , for his leadership, his courage, and his beautiful and inspirational statement this morning, full of facts, but also full of values. Mr. Speaker, I rise today not only as leader, but also as one who has served on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence as a member, as a rank-ing member, and as an ex officio since the early 1990s. And I can say, while I have seen a lot in that time, I have never seen anything that has stooped so low on the part of the Republicans as what they are doing today. It is just as if they have said, you take an oath of office to the Constitu-tion. We took an oath of office to Don-ald Trump. It is shocking. And many of these are lawyers. I don’t know how they justify or reconcile that. And so it is with great dismay that I see them doing violence to this body, to this Constitution, to this judiciary system, and to this country. They are so curious about prying into a legal case, but they don’t have the faintest interest in looking into what the Russians did to disrupt our elections. Not one hearing, nothing. No oversight, nothing. b1115 Why is that? Why is that? Now they are saying they must, they have a right to know this, that, and the other thing. They have no right to do that. So I am not going to take up any more time. I said my piece on this. But I do want to acknowledge that Mr. SCHUMER and I, as well as Mr. S
CHIFF and Senator W ARNER , the rank-ing member on the Senate side, sent a letter to the Honorable Rosenstein, the Deputy Attorney General, and to Christopher Wray, the Director of the FBI, saying to them: Please, please, do not yield on any of this. Your role in preserving the integrity and, most im-portantly, our justice system has be-come ever more vital. First of all, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I hope that some Republicans will do what is right and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this. This is taking us into very dan-gerous territory. If the Democrats wanted power, I would say the same thing. We wouldn’t want to have this access. You shouldn’t have this access. This is wrong. Again, if you are honoring your sa-lute and your oath of office to Donald Trump, then vote ‘‘yes.’’ If you are honoring your oath of office to the Constitution of the United States, then vote ‘‘no.’’ 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. [Unclassified] Hon. R
ODJ. R OSENSTEIN , Deputy Attorney General of the United States, United States Department of Justice, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. C
HRISTOPHER WRAY, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Washington, DC. D
EAR DEPUTY ATTORNEY GENERAL ROSEN -
STEIN AND DIRECTOR WRAY: Earlier this month, you provided important verbal assur-ances in response to our June 5, 2018 letter to you. In that letter, we expressed deep and ongoing concern about President Donald Trump and his legal team’s persistent efforts to interfere with the Special Counsel’s ongo-ing investigation and undermine your agen-cies’ lawful and appropriate activities. In particular, we underscored that, if fulfilled, demands by the President’s personal attor-ney, Rudy Giuliani, that the White House and the President’s lawyers be given access to classified information and investigatory material of the utmost sensitivity—includ-ing information related to the Special Coun-sel’s ongoing investigation that implicates the President’s own campaign and his associ-ates—would grossly violate our system of checks and balances, long-standing, well- founded, and established procedure, and fun-damental norms. You confirmed that the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation (FBI) will not provide the White House or any of the President’s attorneys with access to such sensitive information. You also assured that briefings and mate-rials related to this matter would not be shared with others in Congress beyond the ‘‘Gang of 8.’’ Unfortunately, it appears that part of this assurance has already been breached. As of June 20, 2018, the Department has made available to a wider group of Members and staff materials directly related, and similar in kind, to the information that was sup-posed to be restricted to the ‘‘Gang of 8.’’ This followed recent pressure from House and Senate Republicans on DOJ and FBI not to adhere to ‘‘Gang of 8’’ restrictions on ac-cess to and dissemination of information that can implicate sources and methods and/ or ongoing investigations. The Department and Bureau’s departure in this matter from longstanding policy and precedent governing your agencies’ relation-ship with Congress risks a repeat of similar mistakes that the DOJ Office of the Inspec-tor General recently identified in his review of the Clinton ‘‘Midyear’’ investigation. In 2016, DOJ broke with past practice by making investigative files in the Clinton in-vestigation available to Congress, while the Bureau, in the name of ‘‘maximal trans-parency,’’ publicly disclosed information re-lated to the investigation at key junctures. In his June 2018 report, the DOJ Inspector General correctly criticized this sharp devi-ation from DOJ and FBI guidelines: ‘‘The Department and the FBI do not prac-tice ‘‘maximal transparency’’ in criminal in-vestigations. It is not a value reflected in the regulations, policies, or customs guiding FBI actions in pending criminal investigations. To the contrary, the guidance to agents and prosecutors is precisely the opposite—no transparency except in rare and exceptional circumstances due to the potential harm to both the investigation and to the reputation of anyone under investigation.’’ This harmful cycle is now repeating itself with respect to the criminal and counter-intelligence investigation into Russia’s 2016 election interference and any links and/or coordination between the Russian govern-ment and individuals associated with the campaign of President Trump. The Presi-dent’s congressional allies are applying growing pressure on your agencies, in line with the President’s improper demand for ‘‘total transparency,’’ to disclose sensitive information and material that is not usually shared with Congress and that relate di-rectly to the ongoing investigation into President Trump, his own campaign, and his associates. Unfortunately, DOJ and FBI are increas-ingly bowing to this pressure, despite the corrosive implications. Unlike the Clinton investigation, your agencies are disclosing sensitive material to Congress even though the Russia investigation is ongoing under the leadership of the Special Counsel and your oversight. And given the pending na-ture of the Special Counsel’s investigation, these persistent and unrelenting document requests are not for legitimate oversight purposes. Rather, time and again, sensitive information shared with Congress has been selectively and misleadingly seeded into the public domain to advance the President and his legal team’s strategy of undermining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.028 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5842 June 28, 2018 
public trust in DOJ and the FBI and attack-ing the legitimacy of the Special Counsel and his ongoing investigation. Every such disclosure to Congress, moreover, has and will continue to result in demands for more information about the ongoing investigation, which the Department and the Bureau will be unable to satisfy without further contra-vening its own policies and norms. With every disclosure, DOJ and FBI are re-inforcing a precedent it will have to uphold, whether the Congress is in Republican or Democratic hands, of providing materials in pending or closed cases to the legislative branch upon request. As the attacks on the Special Counsel in-tensify, it is imperative that you withstand pressure on DOJ and FBI to violate estab-lished procedures and norms. Your role in preserving the integrity of the Special Coun-sel’s investigation and, most importantly, our justice system has become even more vital. We would appreciate your written reply and your confirmation of this understanding. Sincerely, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Represent-atives. A
DAMB. S CHIFF , Ranking Member, House of Represent-atives, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. C
HARLES E. S CHUMER , Democratic Leader, U.S. Senate. M
ARKR. W ARNER , Vice Chairman, U.S. Senate, Select Com-mittee on Intel-ligence. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, obvi-ously, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia lays out an unbelievable claim that this is the lowest of low that has ever been seen in this body. I find that just remarkable that that statement could even be made. The other issue is we are not asking for any special counsel documents. We are not asking for sources and meth-ods. We are asking for the documents that we have a right, as this body, to see. Transparency is a good thing, Mr. Speaker. Transparency is what the American people deserve. When we are talking about what it will do and what it will not do, yes, when we get these documents, we believe that it will do away with this whole fiasco of what they call the Russian-Trump collusion, because there wasn’t any. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I will applaud former Speaker P
ELOSI for her consistency. She seems to have uni-formly supported the executive branch ignoring subpoenas and perhaps de-stroying evidence in failing to comply with the rule of the House, with a sub-poena being issued by the House, with the important precedent of the Con-stitution. So this really isn’t about the Russia investigation or about the specifics of this case. So, frankly, I find it appall-ing that Attorney General Sessions would ignore these activities in the De-partment of Justice. The reality is this is a question of, Shall the executive branch comply with a subpoena from the legislative branch? We don’t know what the contents are because they are redacted and they are being withheld. This has gone on for a long time. And if we are to keep our Republic, the principle has to be re-solved to where the legislative branch, being coequal, very much shall have access to this information—and not just a privileged few, not just a few who keep it withheld from the rest of the body, but the whole body. Since last year, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence has in-vestigated potential abuses of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act by the Department of Justice and our in-telligence community. Previously, our colleague, Mr. SCHIFF , was a strong supporter for FISA reform and pro-posed numerous bills. So that is where our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are not consistent. FISA has been abused. We have seen one of the most blatant examples of that with the activities and things that have already been made public, which has led to this line of inquiry. Ameri-cans should be concerned that the Fed-eral Government may abuse its capac-ity to gather foreign intelligence by spying on our fellow Americans. With-out serious reforms to FISA, the Fourth Amendment will exist as noth-ing more than a distant memory or a notation with an asterisk ‘‘except in these cases.’’ This resolution insists that the De-partment of Justice fully comply with requests, including subpoenas, of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and Judiciary Committees relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Unless we support and defend our Constitution, we will not keep our Re-public, we will further embolden and empower the executive branch, and we will weaken our country. This bill will help reform FISA and help defend our Constitution. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. I am not going to repeat what I said before. I will summarize. The request being made here is for information that the Department of Justice cannot provide because it re-lates to an ongoing criminal investiga-tion and because some of it would iden-tify informants. The motive is prob-ably simply to politically embarrass the Department and provide a means of embarrassing and defaming the special prosecutor and the people associated with him in the Department. I will read from a letter that the Dep-uty Attorney General sent to Senator G
RASSLEY and the Speaker of the House yesterday. He quotes the following: ‘‘Through-out American history, wise legislators have worked with Department officials to limit oversight requests in order to respect the Department’s duty to pro-tect national security, preserve per-sonal privacy, and insulate investiga-tions from the appearance of inter-ference. For instance, the Department sent a letter to a House committee chair in 2000 describing the Depart-ment’s policies on responding to con-gressional oversight requests. The let-ter explains:’’—I am now quoting from the 2000 letter—‘‘Such inquiries ines-capably create the risk that the public and the courts will perceive political and congressional influence over law enforcement and litigation decisions. Such inquiries also often seek records and other information that our respon-sibilities for these matters preclude us from disclosing.’’ That is the end of the quote from the 2000 letter. ‘‘The letter quotes President Ronald Reagan, who wrote that a ‘tradition of accommodation should continue as the primary means of resolving conflicts between the branches.’ Regardless of whether an interbranch information re-quest is made by letter or subpoena, the relationship between the branches gives rise to ‘an implicit constitutional mandate,’ to ‘reach an accommodation short of full-scale confrontation.’’’— quote from President Reagan. ‘‘It must not be the case that the De-partment is required to risk damage to reputations, put cases and lives at risk, and invite political interference by opening sensitive files to congressional staff without restriction.’’—from the letter from Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein. That is exactly what these requests would do. They would risk damage to reputations, put cases and lives at risk—already two people, two inform-ants, have had their identities outed— and invite political interference by opening sensitive files to congressional staff without restriction. We ought to let the special counsel complete his work without hindrance. We ought to see whatever the special counsel finds, react to it as appro-priate, and perhaps hold hearings into the findings when we see them. All we know about the special counsel so far— unlike all the allegations against him and his investigation, it is a witch hunt, it is this, and it is that. All we really know is that there are 20 indict-ments, five guilty pleas, and we know what he has pleaded in court. There have been leaks, so you can’t really say anything about the inves-tigation other than, in this time pe-riod, they have already gotten 20 in-dictments, five guilty pleas, including from some of the closest people to the President in his administration and in his campaign. We will see where it goes from there. These requests are an attempt to sab-otage the investigation, and we should not go along with it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.029 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5843 June 28, 2018 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE , O
FFICE OF THE DEPUTY ATTORNEY  G
ENERAL , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. C
HARLES GRASSLEY , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GRASSLEY : Thank you for your letter of May 17, 2018, and for meeting with me last Thursday, along with Ranking Member Feinstein. I appreciate your com-mitment to allow the Special Counsel inves-tigation ‘‘to follow the facts wherever they lead without any improper outside inter-ference.’’ I know that you and Ranking Member Feinstein share my commitment to pro-tecting the integrity of federal investiga-tions. Agents and prosecutors must base each decision on neutral standards and cred-ible evidence. As we seek to do in all cases, the Department of Justice will complete the Special Counsel investigation as promptly as is feasible. When the investigation is fin-ished, I anticipate that any objective and nonpartisan review will conclude that the Department consistently sought to make reasonable decisions and to comply with ap-plicable laws, regulations, policies, and prac-tices. Legal, ethical, and policy obligations often prevent prosecutors from responding to criti-cism. As Attorney General Robert Jackson observed in 1940, prosecutors have a duty ‘‘to face any temporary criticism’’ and ‘‘main-tain a dispassionate, disinterested, and im-partial enforcement of the law.’’ The Inspec-tor General’s report addresses the con-sequences of trying to preempt criticism by disregarding principles that prohibit public statements, leaks to the media, and im-proper disclosures to the Congress about criminal investigations. Department offi-cials must defend those principles in order to ensure that all investigations remain inde-pendent of partisan politics. We do not com-pete to win the hourly news cycle. 
SPECIAL COUNSEL APPOINTMENT AND  
AUTHORITY  Your May 17 letter asks a series of ques-tions concerning the scope of the Special Counsel’s authority. The current Special Counsel differs from an ‘‘independent coun-sel’’ and some previous ‘‘special counsels,’’ because Special Counsel Mueller was ap-pointed by the Department of Justice and re-mains subject to ongoing supervision. The Attorney General retains the general authority to designate or name individuals as ‘‘special counsels’’ to conduct investiga-tions or prosecutions of particular matters or individuals on behalf of the United States. Under regulations issued by the Attorney General in 1999, the Attorney General may appoint a ‘‘special counsel’’ from outside of the Department of Justice who acts as a spe-cial employee of the Department of Justice under the direction of the Attorney General. The Attorney General, however, may also appoint an individual as a special counsel, and may invest that individual with a great-er degree of independence and autonomy to conduct investigations and prosecutions, re-gardless of any ‘‘special counsel’’ regula-tions, as Attorneys General did in 1973, 1994, and 2003. What a prosecutor is called—including ‘‘independent’’ or ‘‘special’’—is a separate question from whether that prosecutor is subject to supervision by the Attorney Gen-eral. Under the terms of his appointment, both by statute and by regulation, Special Counsel Mueller remains accountable like every other subordinate Department official. Special Counsels have been appointed for a variety of matters throughout history. For example, Attorney General William Barr ap-pointed three Special Counsels from outside the Department of Justice during his 14- month tenure: (1) Nicholas Bua to inves-tigate an array of allegations related to the ‘‘Inslaw Affair,’’ on November 7, 1991; (2) Malcolm Wilkey to investigate the House Bank controversy, on March 20, 1992; and (3) Frederick Lacey to investigate the Bush Ad-ministration’s handling of a bank fraud case involving loans to Iraq, on October 17, 1992. Attorney General Janet Reno appointed Robert Fiske as a Special Counsel to inves-tigate the Whitewater land deal and other matters on January 20, 1994. Mr. Fiske ex-plained that the appointment order was ‘‘de-liberately drafted broadly . . . to give me total authority to look into all appropriate matters relating to the events . . . .’’ For ex-ample, Mr. Fiske investigated a suicide in order to determine whether it might involve a crime related to his investigation—it did not—and prosecuted a fraud case with no ob-vious connection to Whitewater. Federal agents and prosecutors already were inves-tigating crimes when Mr. Fiske was ap-pointed, but the appointment order did not mention the crimes. When asked about su-pervision of Mr. Fiske, Attorney General Reno said, ‘‘I do not expect him to report to me, . . . and I do not expect to monitor him.’’ That is not true of Special Counsel Mueller. Then-Deputy Attorney General James Comey took a different approach in 2003, when he invoked his authority as Acting At-torney General to appoint Patrick Fitzgerald as a special prosecutor to investigate the Valerie Plame matter. Mr. Comey did not make that appointment under the Depart-ment’s Special Counsel regulation. Instead, he delegated to the special prosecutor ‘‘all the authority of the Attorney General . . . independent of the supervision or control of any officer of the Department.’’ Mr. Comey followed up with a letter reinforcing that his delegation was ‘‘plenary.’’ That is not true of Special Counsel Mueller’s appointment. The Ethics in Government Act allowed sev-eral statutory Independent Counsels to be appointed in the absence of probable cause that a crime had occurred, and some of those appointments were not publicized. Even under the Act, when prosecutors were under much less supervision than Special Counsels are under the Department’s regulation, Con-gress did not interfere in the investigations. The statute required the Independent Coun-sel to submit an annual report to the Con-gress, but it allowed him to ‘‘omit any mat-ter that in the judgment of the independent counsel should be kept confidential.’’ Because the Attorney General’s authority over Independent Counsels was limited, the judicial orders appointing them were a prin-cipal way to cabin their jurisdiction. None-theless, appointments often were made with ‘‘a broadly worded charter.’’ For example, the appointment order for Whitewater Inde-pendent Counsel Kenneth Starr gave him au-thority to investigate ‘‘whether any individ-uals or entities have committed a violation of any federal criminal law . . . relating in any way to James B. McDougal’s, President William Jefferson Clinton’s, or Mrs. Hillary Rodham Clinton’s relationships with Madi-son Guaranty Savings & Loan Assn., White-water Development Corp., or Capital Man-agement Services Inc.’’ McDougal owned and managed Madison Guaranty, so that charter provided vast discretion to investigate essen-tially any crime committed by any person that involved the savings and loan associa-tion. The Independent Counsel identified other unrelated matters of investigative in-terest, and he obtained orders from the court expanding his mandate, including ‘‘Travelgate,’’ ‘‘Filegate,’’ and the Lewinsky matter. The Attorney General did not super-vise or control the Independent Counsel’s de-cisions about which crimes and subjects to investigate within his broad mandates, or which persons to prosecute. When the Independent Counsel statute ex-pired, the Department adopted the current Special Counsel regulation as an internal policy concerning the appointment and man-agement of Special Counsels. The regulation provides for congressional notification when an appointment is made and when it con-cludes. At the conclusion of the investiga-tion, it requires notification to Congress of instances when the Attorney General con-cluded that a proposed action by the Special Counsel should not be pursued. The regula-tion contemplates ongoing consultation with Department components and continuing oversight by the Attorney General (or the Acting Attorney General), who remains ac-countable as in all other cases handled by the Department of Justice. The regulation achieves the objective of conducting an inde-pendent investigation while following nor-mal Department policies, including super-vision by a Senate-confirmed officer. There is no statutory requirement to iden-tify criminal violations before appointing a Special Counsel from outside the Depart-ment, and there is no requirement to pub-licize suspected violations in the appoint-ment order under the Special Counsel regu-lation. Only one previous Special Counsel was appointed under the current regulation: John Danforth, to investigate the Waco mat-ter, on September 9, 1999. As with Special Counsel Mueller, Mr. Danforth’s appoint-ment order did not publicly specify a crime or identify anyone as a subject. SPECIAL COUNSEL MUELLER ’S APPOINTMENT  
AND DELEGATED AUTHORITY  I determined that the appointment of Spe-cial Counsel Mueller to take charge of crimi-nal matters that were already under inves-tigation by federal agents and prosecutors was warranted under the Special Counsel regulation. The appointment order mentions 28 C.F.R. 600.4 to 600.10 because they bear on the authority and duties of the Special Coun-sel. The public order did not identify the crimes or subjects because such publicity would be wrong and unfair, just as it would have been wrong and unfair to reveal that in-formation prior to Special Counsel’s appoint-ment, and just as it would be wrong and un-fair in other cases handled by a U.S. Attor-ney or Assistant Attorney General. So long as the Attorney General or the Acting Attorney General remains account-able, there is federal statutory and regu-latory authority to assign matters to a Spe-cial Counsel, just as the Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General (even when the Attorney General is not recused) have authority to assign matters to an Acting U.S. Attorney or any other Department offi-cial. The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia recognized as much in its opin-ion in Manafort v. United States. When Special Counsel Mueller was ap-pointed, he received comprehensive briefings about the relevant allegations and docu-ments that described them in considerable detail, as with previous special counsel ap-pointments. Some of the FBI agents who were investigating those matters continued to do so. The Department assigned a team of career and non-career officials to provide su-pervision and assist the Acting Attorney General in determining which leads should be handled by the Special Counsel and which by other Department prosecutors, and to re-view any proposed indictments in conjunc-tion with Department components that ordi-narily would review them. The regulation states that the Special Counsel has the powers and authority of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.025 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5844 June 28, 2018 
U.S. Attorney (who may or may not be Sen-ate-confirmed) and must follow Department policies and procedures. Under those policies and procedures, the Department should re-veal information about a criminal investiga-tion only when it is necessary to assist the criminal investigation or to protect public safety. In August 2017, Special Counsel Mueller re-ceived a written internal memorandum from the Acting Attorney General. The memo-randum eliminated the ability of any sub-ject, target, or defendant to argue that the Special Counsel lacked delegated authority under 28 U.S.C. §515 to represent the United States. The names of the subjects were al-ready in Department files, but we did not publicly disclose them because to do so would violate the Department’s confiden-tiality policies. Many of the questions raised in your letter concern the distinction between a counter-intelligence investigation and a criminal in-vestigation. The primary goal of a counter-intelligence investigation is to protect against national security threats by, among other things, collecting intelligence informa-tion and disrupting foreign influence oper-ations. The goal of a criminal investigation is to determine whether there is sufficient evidence to prosecute a criminal suspect in federal court. There was a ‘‘wall’’ between the two prior to September 11, 2001. There is no longer a wall, but agents and prosecutors are mindful that counterintelligence inves-tigations may be broader than any criminal prosecutions that they generate. The public announcement of the Special Counsel’s appointment purposefully included no details beyond what Director Comey had disclosed at a public House Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence hearing on March 20, 2017. Director Comey revealed that: the FBI, as part of our counterintelligence mission, is investigating the Russian govern-ment’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presi-dential election, and that includes inves-tigating the nature of any links between in-dividuals associated with the Trump cam-paign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts. As with any counterintelligence investigation, this will also include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed. Because it is an open, ongoing investigation, and is classi-fied, I cannot say more about what we are doing and whose conduct we are examining. At the request of congressional leaders, we have taken the extraordinary step . . . of briefing this Congress’s leaders, including the leaders of this Committee, in a classified setting, in detail about the investigation. As is now publicly known, the Department of Justice and the FBI were conducting sev-eral investigations with potential relevance to Russian interference in the 2016 election when Special Counsel Mueller was appointed in May 2017. The public order explained that the Special Counsel will ‘‘ensure a full and thorough investigation of the Russian gov-ernment’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election.’’ Special Counsel Mueller is authorized to investigate poten-tial criminal offenses. Counterintelligence investigations involving any current or fu-ture Russian election interference are not the Special Counsel’s responsibility. 
CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT REQUESTS  Department of Justice and FBI personnel are working diligently and in good faith to provide an unprecedented level of congres-sional access to information that members of Congress believe may be relevant. Our re-sponses to the many related and overlapping congressional inquiries are consistent with longstanding best practices. We respond as quickly as possible to the inquiries and ac-commodate requests when possible. We can-not fulfill requests that would compromise the independence and integrity of investiga-tions, jeopardize intelligence sources and methods, or create the appearance of polit-ical interference. We need to follow the rules. In 2016 and 2017, then-Director Comey made disclosures to the public and to Congress that he has acknowledged would not have been appropriate under regular order. He maintains that his 2016 statements to the public and to the Congress about the Hillary Clinton email investigation were justified by unique circumstances comparable to a ‘‘500- year flood.’’ He further believes that his 2017 disclosures about the investigation of al-leged links between the Russian government agents who interfered in the election and persons associated with the Trump campaign were an ‘‘extraordinary step’’ justified by ‘‘unusual circumstances.’’ It is important for the Department of Jus-tice to follow established policies and proce-dures, especially when the stakes are high. It may seem tempting to depart from Depart-ment policies and traditions in an effort to deflect short-term criticism, but such devi-ations ultimately may cause a loss of public confidence in the even-handed administra-tion of justice. We should be most on guard when we believe that our own uncomfortable present circumstances justify ignoring time-less principles respected by our predecessors. I urge you and your colleagues to support us in following the rules. At my confirmation hearing, I promised that Department employees would conduct ourselves ‘‘with deep respect for the institu-tion and employees of the Department of Justice, with acute understanding of our role in the constitutional structure, and with profound appreciation of our weighty respon-sibilities. My commitment to the Depart-ment’s longstanding traditions carries with it an obligation to ensure that we keep pend-ing law enforcement matters separate from the sphere of politics and that there be no perception that our law enforcement deci-sions are influenced by partisan politics or pressure from legislators. Regardless of political affiliation, thought-ful former Department leaders recognize that departures from our confidentiality policies pose an extraordinary threat to the Department’s independence and integrity. Former Deputy Attorneys General Larry Thompson and Jamie Gorelick explained that the Department of Justice ‘‘operates under long-standing and well-established traditions limiting disclosure of ongoing in-vestigations to the public and even to Con-gress. . . . These traditions protect the in-tegrity of the department. . . .’’ Violating those policies and disclosing information about criminal investigations constitutes ‘‘real-time, raw-take transparency taken to its illogical limit, a kind of reality TV of federal criminal investigation’’ that is ‘‘anti-thetical to the interests of justice.’’ Punishing wrongdoers through judicial proceedings is only one part of the Depart-ment’s mission. We also have a duty to pre-vent the disclosure of information that would unfairly tarnish people who are not charged with crimes. In 1941, Attorney Gen-eral Robert Jackson explained that dis-closing information about federal investiga-tions to Congress could cause ‘‘the grossest kind of injustice to innocent individuals,’’ and create ‘‘serious prejudice to the future usefulness of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation.’’ It is useful to quote at length from the Attorney General’s letter: [W]e have made extraordinary efforts to see that the results of counterespionage ac-tivities and intelligence activities of this De-partment involving those elements are kept within the fewest possible hands. A cata-logue of persons under investigation or sus-picion, and what we know about them, would be of inestimable service to foreign agencies; and information which could be so used can-not be too closely guarded. Moreover, disclosure of the reports would be of serious prejudice to the future useful-ness of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. As you probably know, much of this informa-tion is given in confidence and can only be obtained upon pledge not to disclose its sources. A disclosure of the sources would embarrass informants—sometimes in their employment, sometimes in their social rela-tions, and in extreme cases might even en-danger their lives. We regard the keeping of faith with confidential informants as an in-dispensable condition of future efficiency. Disclosure of information contained in the reports might also be the grossest kind of in-justice to innocent individuals. Investigative reports include leads and suspicions, and sometimes even the statements of malicious or misinformed people. Even though later and more complete reports exonerate the in-dividuals, the use of particular or selected reports might constitute the grossest injus-tice, and we all know that a correction never catches up with an accusation. In concluding that the public interest does not permit general access to Federal Bureau of Investigation reports for information by the many congressional committees who from time to time ask it, I am following the conclusions reached by a long line of distin-guished predecessors in this office who have uniformly taken the same view....  Since the beginning of the Government, the executive branch has from time to time been confronted with the unpleasant duty of declining to furnish to the Congress and to the courts information which it has acquired and which is necessary to it in the adminis-tration of statutes. Attorney General Jackson’s letter men-tioned that the pending congressional re-quest was ‘‘one of the many made by con-gressional committees.’’ He understood the profoundly harmful consequences of pro-ceeding down a road that would empower congressional members and staffers to choose which federal investigations should be publicized. Congressional leaders respected Attorney General Jackson’s obligation to do the job he swore an oath to perform—‘‘well and faith-fully execute the duties of the office’’ —by preserving the independence of federal law enforcement and protecting it from political influence. President Eisenhower later agreed, finding that ‘‘it is essential to the successful working of our system that the persons entrusted with power in any of the three great branches of government shall not encroach upon the authority confided to the others.’’ Requiring the Department of Justice to disclose details about criminal investiga-tions would constitute a dangerous depar-ture from important principles. Criminal prosecutions should be relatively trans-parent—because the public should know the grounds for finding a citizen guilty of crimi-nal offenses and imposing punishment—but criminal investigations emphatically are not supposed to be transparent. In fact, dis-closing uncharged allegations against Amer-ican citizens without a law-enforcement need is considered to be a violation of a pros-ecutor’s trust. As stated in the Department’s Principles of Federal Prosecution: In all public filings and proceedings, fed-eral prosecutors should remain sensitive to the privacy and reputation interests of un-charged third-parties. In the context of pub-lic plea and sentencing proceedings, this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.026 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5845 June 28, 2018 
means that, in the absence of some signifi-cant justification, it is not appropriate to identify (either by name or unnecessarily- specific description), or cause a defendant to identify, a third-party wrongdoer unless that party has been officially charged with the misconduct at issue. In the unusual instance where identification of an uncharged third- party wrongdoer during a plea or sentencing hearing is justified, the express approval of the United States Attorney and the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General should be obtained prior to the hearing absent exigent circumstances....  I n  other less predictable contexts, federal prosecutors should strive to avoid unnecessary public references to wrongdoing by uncharged third-parties. With respect to bills of particulars that identify unindicted co-conspirators, prosecutors gen-erally should seek leave to file such docu-ments under seal. Prosecutors shall comply, however, with any court order directing the public filing of a bill of particulars. As a series of cases makes clear, there is ordinarily ‘‘no legitimate governmental in-terest served’’ by the government’s public al-legation of wrongdoing by an uncharged party, and this is true ‘‘[r]egardless of what criminal charges may . . . b[e] contemplated by the Assistant United States Attorney against the [third-party] for the future.’’ In re Smith, 656 F.2d 1101, 1106–07 (5th Cir. 1981). Courts have applied this reasoning to pre-clude the public identification of unindicted third-party wrongdoers in plea hearings, sen-tencing memoranda, and other government pleadings....  In most cases, any legitimate govern-mental interest in referring to uncharged third-party wrongdoers can be advanced through means other than those condemned in this line of cases. For example, in those cases where the offense to which a defendant is pleading guilty requires as an element that a third-party have a particular status (e.g., 18 U.S.C. 203(a)(2)), the third-party can usually be referred to generically (‘‘a Mem-ber of Congress’’), rather than identified spe-cifically (‘‘Senator X’’), at the defendant’s plea hearing. Similarly, when the defendant engaged in joint criminal conduct with oth-ers, generic references (‘‘another indi-vidual’’) to the uncharged third-party wrong-doers can be used when describing the fac-tual basis for the defendant’s guilty plea. Even when we file federal charges, Depart-ment policy strongly counsels us not to im-plicate by name any person who is not offi-cially charged with misconduct. The recent Inspector General report em-phasizes the solemn duty of federal law en-forcement officials to defend the confiden-tiality of federal investigations. I hope you and your colleagues in the Senate and House will support us in restoring those principles. The Department of Justice must not proceed along the unhappy road to being perceived as a partisan actor, deciding what information to reveal and what information to conceal based on the expected impact on the personal or political interests of its temporary lead-ers and congressional allies. The current investigation of election inter-ference is important, but there are also thou-sands of other important investigations pending in the Department of Justice and the FBI. Every investigation is important to the persons whose reputations may be irrep-arably damaged or whose careers may be per-manently disrupted. No matter who an in-vestigation involves—an ordinary citizen, a local or state politician, a campaign official, a foreign agent, or an officer of the federal legislative, executive, or judicial branch— agents and prosecutors are obligated to pro-tect its confidentiality and preserve the De-partment’s independence from political in-fluence. Throughout American history, wise legis-lators have worked with Department offi-cials to limit oversight requests in order to respect the Department’s duty to protect na-tional security, preserve personal privacy, and insulate investigations from the appear-ance of interference. For instance, the De-partment sent a letter to a House committee chair in 2000, describing the Department’s policies on responding to congressional over-sight requests. The letter explains: Such inquiries inescapably create the risk that the public and the courts will perceive undue political and Congressional influence over law enforcement and litigation deci-sions. Such inquiries also often seek records and other information that our responsibil-ities for these matters preclude us from dis-closing. The letter quotes President Ronald Reagan, who wrote that a ‘‘tradition of ac-commodation should continue as the pri-mary means of resolving conflicts between the Branches.’’ Regardless of whether an inter-branch information request is made by letter or subpoena, the relationship between the branches gives rise to ‘‘an implicit con-stitutional mandate,’’ to ‘‘reach an accom-modation short of full-scale confrontation.’’ It must not be the case that the Department is required to risk damage to reputations, put cases and lives at risk, and invite polit-ical interference by opening sensitive files to congressional staff without restriction. Tension between Congress’s oversight in-terests and the Department’s solemn respon-sibility to protect law enforcement informa-tion is unavoidable. In 1989, then-Assistant Attorney General William Barr wrote that misunderstandings often arise because con-gressional investigations, by their nature, are usually adversarial and unbounded by the rules of evidence. In another 1989 opin-ion, the Department’s Office of Legal Coun-sel explained that ‘‘the executive branch has . . . consistently refused to provide confiden-tial information’’ to ‘‘congressional commit-tees with respect to open cases.’’ Sometimes there is a strong temptation to seek short-term benefit at the cost of long- term values. But departures from Depart-ment traditions contribute to a loss of public confidence. We can build public confidence if we stick to the principle that the prosecutor is ‘‘the servant of the law, the twofold aim of which is that guilt shall not escape nor inno-cence suffer.’’ 
APPROVAL OF FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE  
SURVEILLANCE ACT APPLICATIONS  Finally, you asked whether I delegated ap-proval authority under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act. Such approval au-thority is not delegable beyond the approv-ing officials designated in the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act. FISA affidavits are written and sworn under oath by career fed-eral agents who verify that they are true and correct. They are reviewed by investigative agency supervisors and attorneys, and by De-partment of Justice attorneys and super-visors. Before filing, they must be approved by an intelligence agency leader, usually the FBI Director, and by either the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General, or the Assistant Attorney General for the Na-tional Security Division. In every case, the ultimate decision on whether to allow sur-veillance is made by a federal judge who independently determines whether the evi-dence provided under oath by the federal agent meets the requisite legal standard. 
CONCLUSION  I hope that you find this information help-ful. I regret that the many duties of my of-fice preclude me from responding personally to every congressional inquiry. I am deeply grateful to have the support of a talented and dedicated team that understands our ob-ligation to work cooperatively with the Con-gress to protect the American people and preserve the rule of law. Sincerely, RODJ. R OSENSTEIN . Deputy Attorney General. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 970. I would like to thank my colleagues, Congressman M
ARK MEADOWS and J IM J
ORDAN . First off, from my conversations with members of the Justice Department, I have been very impressed with their feedback of seeing just how high mo-rale has gone over the course of the last year and a half because they are able to do their jobs again. You were seeing prosecution numbers and certain metrics in these different U.S. Attorney Offices going down. Their hands were being tied behind their back. We talked about the mili-tary having their hands tied behind their back, the rules of engagement. We saw our Justice Department, our U.S. attorneys, and our FBI with their hands tied between their back. And their morale is going up. Now, I’m not going to subscribe to those in this Chamber and in this coun-try who want to resist, oppose, ob-struct, and impeach this President on everything and anything. That is their top priority in life; that is not mine. My priority is, when I see that there is misconduct at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI, as a Member of Congress, taking my oath seriously to my own constituents and to this country, I demand answers. It is about transparency and it is about ac-countability. I have a 12-page resolution that we introduced, H. Res. 907. It has up to 33 cosponsors. What is interesting about this resolution is it is 12 pages out-lining and detailing all this mis-conduct, calling for a second special counsel, and not one person has been able to poke any hole and a single bul-let in this entire 12-page document. I have a problem with it when those in the Justice Department say that they can’t provide a document because it risks national security. You read the document and find that nothing in there risks national security. Actually what the problem was is that it might cause embarrassment to someone in the DOJ and the FBI. That is why it wasn’t provided. I don’t like it when you see FISA abuse that results in a United States citizen being spied on: going to a secret court with secret documents to get a warrant without due process and pro-viding the full story. It is all about justice, transparency, and accountability. M
ARK MEADOWS  has been leading the fight to get more documents. I support him with it. The Justice Department needs to comply. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.027 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5846 June 28, 2018 
We have an oversight function, and I do not subscribe to those in this Cham-ber who want to oppose, obstruct, re-sist, and impeach. That is not the path forward for America. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I think I made the case clear. I think Mr. Z
ELDIN  has added nothing to the debate that I have to refute. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman opposite for his impassioned arguments and debate on this issue. I thank all of those who have come down to the floor today to stand up for this institution’s right to provide proper oversight and conduct it according to the Constitu-tion, but, more importantly, for good transparency. Transparency is a good thing, and I think it is high time that we do it. For 8 months, Mr. Speaker, we have made a request of the Department of Justice. They have not fully complied. On March 22, 99 days ago, we sent a subpoena giving them 14 days. They did not comply. Two weeks ago, the Speak-er of the House actually reached out and said, ‘‘You have another week.’’ They did not comply. This is our last attempt to give them the benefit of the doubt that they have nothing to hide. They need to start acting like it, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 971, the previous question is ordered on the resolution and on the preamble. The question is on adoption of the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 226, nays 183, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 306] YEAS—226 
Abraham Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—17 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grijalva Grothman Jones Labrador Luetkemeyer Pelosi Speier Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1154 Mr. BUCSHON changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 964 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6157. Will the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) kindly take the chair. b1155 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. B
YRNE (Act-ing Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Wednes-day, June 27, 2018, a request for a re-corded vote on amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 115–785 offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–785 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 7 by Mr. G
ALLAGHER  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 8 by Mr. G
ALLAGHER  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 15 by Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.032 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5847 June 28, 2018 
Amendment No. 24 by Mr. F OSTER of Illinois. Amendment No. 29 by Mr. C
OURTNEY  of Connecticut. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 116, noes 296, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 307] AYES—116 
Abraham Bacon Banks (IN) Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Budd Byrne Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Courtney Curbelo (FL) Davidson Demings DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Emmer Fitzpatrick Flores Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gosar Gottheimer Graves (MO) Griffith Handel Hartzler Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hunter Jenkins (WV) Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Larsen (WA) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marino Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moulton Murphy (FL) Norcross Norman O’Halleran Palmer Panetta Peterson Posey Rogers (AL) Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Russell Ryan (OH) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Stefanik Stivers Tenney Thornberry Tipton Turner Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—296 
Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Moore Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—15 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1200 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. GOSAR and RYAN of Ohio changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 115, noes 296, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 308] AYES—115 
Abraham Bacon Banks (IN) Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Budd Byrne Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Courtney Crist Curbelo (FL) Davidson Demings DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Emmer Fitzpatrick Flores Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gosar Gottheimer Graves (MO) Handel Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hunter Jenkins (WV) Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (MS) King (NY) Knight Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loudermilk Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marino Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moulton Murphy (FL) Norcross Norman O’Halleran Palmer Panetta Peterson Posey Rogers (AL) Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Russell Ryan (OH) Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Stefanik Stivers Tenney Thornberry Tipton Turner Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—296 
Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.035 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5848 June 28, 2018 
Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Moore Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—16 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones King (IA) Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1203 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chair, I missed a roll-call vote on June 28, 2018 for having to briefly leave the House floor. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall No. 308. AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 252, noes 157, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 309] AYES—252 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barraga´n Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Conaway Connolly Cook Courtney Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Hartzler Hastings Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McEachin McGovern McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mitchell Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Richmond Rogers (AL) Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thornberry Tonko Torres Turner Vargas Veasey Vela Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—157 
Arrington Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cooper Correa Costa Cramer Crawford Curtis Davis, Rodney DeGette Denham Diaz-Balart Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Matsui McClintock McCollum McKinley Meadows Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Poe (TX) Posey Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schweikert Serrano Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Trott Upton Valadao Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Welch Westerman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—18 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Doggett Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Labrador Maloney, Carolyn B. Pelosi Sewell (AL) Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.030 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5849 June 28, 2018 
b1207 Ms. TENNEY changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 160, noes 251, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 310] AYES—160 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—251 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—16 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1211 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chair, on June 28, 2018, I inadvertently voted ‘‘nay’’ for the vote on the Foster of Illinois Amendment No. 24 to H.R. 6157. I had intended to vote ‘‘aye’’ for roll call No. 310. AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 144, noes 267, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 311] AYES—144 
Adams Barletta Barraga´n Bass Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Butterfield Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Comstock Correa Courtney Cramer Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro Demings DeSantis Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Ferguson Flores Foster Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gomez Goodlatte Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hultgren Hunter Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino McEachin McGovern Meeks Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moulton Murphy (FL) Neal Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Polis Posey Quigley Rogers (AL) Rosen Sa´nchez Sanford Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Taylor Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Walorski Watson Coleman Wittman Woodall 
NOES—267 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blackburn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.040 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5850 June 28, 2018 
Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Calvert Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Green, Gene Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Moolenaar Moore Mullin Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—16 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Kinzinger Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1215 Ms. TENNEY, Messrs. RUSH, and RICHMOND changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments under House Reso-lution 964, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
YRNE , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and, pur-suant to House Resolution 964, he re-ported the bill, as amended by House Resolution 961, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ). Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. TED LIEU of California. I am op-posed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Ted Lieu of California moves to recom-mit the bill H.R. 6157 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopt-ed, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. As a veteran, I am pleased to offer this amendment, which increases fund-ing for peer-reviewed traumatic brain injury and psychological health re-search to $150 million for fiscal year 2019. It is imperative that we prioritize and commit to medical research to ad-dress battlefield wounds. Funding for traumatic brain injury and psychological health research, in-cluding research on PTSD, suicide pre-vention, and other mental health con-ditions resulting from military service, has always been the highest priority for the Defense Health Program, and prior funding levels have reflected this priority. By increasing funding for traumatic brain injury and mental health re-search by $25 million, this will ensure that this research program remains the Defense Health Program’s highest pri-ority. Just last week, the VA released its latest national suicide data report. It is very depressing. The tragic figures remain unchanged. Twenty veterans and servicemembers commit suicide every day. These suicides can result from untreated mental health condi-tions and even can be caused by trau-matic brain injury. Since 2000, almost 380,000 service-members have been diagnosed with TBI. Many of these servicemembers and veterans will need lifelong healthcare as a result of this injury. And these numbers do not capture the number of servicemembers, many of whom are now veterans, who may have sustained multiple TBIs that can lead to permanent brain injury, the early onset of Alzheimer’s disease, and CTE, which can cause permanent memory loss and even suicide. These wounded warriors need cut-ting-edge treatments that will address this signature injury of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. We are seeing already the results of this research. Funding for DOD TBI re-search has resulted in improved treat-ments and diagnostic tests that clini-cians can use to treat servicemembers when they sustain a traumatic brain injury. Clinicians know from this research program that it is important to imme-diately test and treat TBI when it oc-curs. As a result of research, clinicians now know that it is vitally important to prevent the chance that a service-member will sustain another TBI be-fore the servicemember has healed from their first. Investments in this research will pay dividends in the future so that our servicemembers and veterans receive the world-class care they need, and that must be made a top priority. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on making TBI research a top priority. I am going to conclude by noting that we are soon going to be heading off into our July 4th recess. As we sit here today, there are still thousands of babies and kids ripped away from their parents by the Trump child separation policy who have not been reunited. That is evil and it is shameful. No Democratic bills have been brought on this floor to resolve that. Have a nice vacation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.033 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5851 June 28, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6157 is a critically important bill. It may be one of the most important, most consequential bills that Congress will consider this year. The bill before you reflects the guid-ance and advice we received through hearings, briefings, and meetings with the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the leaders of the military services, and all other national security experts. This legislation provides funding to maintain our military readiness, pro-tect our Nation from those who would seek to do us harm, and ensure our de-fense superiority. After years of decline, the rebuilding of our military began with the fiscal year 2018 omnibus. This bill continues that progress and makes more critical investments in our Department of De-fense: more troops, more battle train-ing, more equipment, more munitions. The security situation around the world is rapidly changing. We are regu-larly reminded that we are still a Na-tion at war and new, unforeseen threats arise daily. A strong national defense is of the highest priority. It is imperative that we provide on-going stability and support for our military. This is what our military leaders have asked for, and we can pro-vide that today, with this bill. Not only is this legislation critical to our national security, but to the men and women in uniform, all volunteers who selflessly serve. We must show our troops and their families that they have the full support of this Congress. This includes providing them with their largest pay raise in nearly a dec-ade. The bill fulfills the Congress’ most important constitutional responsi-bility: providing for the common de-fense. And it does this responsibly, by funding those military needs that must be addressed now, planning for those of the future, and respecting the taxpayer by making commonsense budgeting de-cisions. This bill puts our Nation’s security strategy on a stronger course, pro-tecting the American people, and keep-ing the peace in an increasingly dan-gerous and unstable world. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this motion to recommit, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the fiscal year 2019 De-fense Appropriations bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the 5-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 224, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 312] AYES—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—224 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—17 
Aderholt Black Brady (TX) Costello (PA) Crowley Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1231 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 359, nays 49, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 313] YEAS—359 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.046 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5852 June 28, 2018 
Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—49 
Amash Bass Blumenauer Bonamici Buck Capuano Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Espaillat Gomez Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Johnson (GA) Kennedy Lee Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie McGovern Meeks Moore Nadler Napolitano Pallone Payne Pocan Polis Raskin Schakowsky Serrano Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Vela´zquez Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Labrador Maloney, Sean Pelosi Shimkus Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1238 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to clarify my vote earlier this afternoon on H.R. 6157, the fiscal year 2019 (FY19) Department of De-fense Appropriations Act. I inadvertently voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 313 in the House today (Thursday, June 28th). I had every intention of voting ‘‘nay.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
MR. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, due to obli-gations in my district, I missed rollcall votes 304, 305, 306, 307, 308, 309, 310, 311, 312 and 313 today. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 304, ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 305, ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 306, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 307, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 308, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 309, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 310, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 311, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 312, and ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 313. CLARIFICATION OF SOURCES OF AUTHORITY TO ISSUE REGULA-TIONS REGARDING CERTIFI-CATIONS AND OTHER CRITERIA APPLICABLE TO LEGISLATIVE BRANCH EMPLOYEES UNDER WOUNDED WARRIORS FEDERAL LEAVE ACT Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration and the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6160) to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the au-thority to issue regulations regarding certifications and other criteria appli-cable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act, and ask for its immediate consid-eration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mis-sissippi? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6160 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CLARIFICATION OF SOURCES OF AU-THORITY TO ISSUE REGULATIONS REGARDING CERTIFICATIONS AND OTHER CRITERIA APPLICABLE TO LEGISLATIVE BRANCH EMPLOYEES UNDER WOUNDED WARRIORS FED-ERAL LEAVE ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6329(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In order’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) In order’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) In the case of an employee of an office of the legislative branch, the certification described in paragraph (1) shall be pre-scribed— ‘‘(A) in the case of an employee of the House of Representatives, by the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) in the case of an employee of the Sen-ate, by the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration of the Senate; or ‘‘(C) in the case of an employee of any other office of the legislative branch, by the head of the office.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate, and the head of each other office of the legis-lative branch shall prescribe regulations governing the application of section 6329 of title 5, United States Code, including the certification requirement under subsection (c) of such section, to employees of the House of Representatives, employees of the Senate, and employees of such office, respec-tively. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following exchange of letters be-tween the Chair of the Committee on House Administration and the Chair of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.037 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5853 June 28, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 6160, the Wounded War-riors Federal Leave Act Amendments bill. There are certain provisions in the bill that fall within the jurisdiction of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. In the interest of permitting the Com-mittee on House Administration to proceed expeditiously for floor consideration of this important bill, I am writing to request a waiver of your committee’s right to a refer-ral. I request with the understanding that by waiving consideration of this bill, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdic-tion. I will place this letter into the committee report and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit. Sincerely, G
REGG HARPER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 28, 2018. Hon. G
REGG HARPER , Chairman, Committee on House Administration, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6160, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the authority to issue regulations regarding certifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act. As you know, certain provisions of the bill fall within the jurisdiction of Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. So that H.R. 6160 may proceed expedi-tiously to the House Floor, I agree to dis-charging the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from further consider-ation thereof. I agree that forgoing formal consideration of the bill will not prejudice the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform with respect to any future ju-risdictional claim, and I appreciate your agreement to support appointment of mem-bers of the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform as conferees in any House- Senate conference on this or related legisla-tion. In addition, I request the Committee be consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so we may address any remaining issues within our jurisdiction. Finally, I request you include your letter and this response in the bill report filed by your Committee, as well as in the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the bill on the floor. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GENERAL LEAVE Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on H.R. 6160. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE REAPPOINT-MENT OF BARBARA M. BARRETT AS A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 60) pro-viding for the reappointment of Bar-bara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithso-nian Institution, and I ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 60 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy on the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occur-ring by reason of the expiration of the term of Barbara M. Barrett of Arizona on January 10, 2019, is filled by the reappointment of the incumbent. The reappointment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on the later of January 11, 2019, or the date of the enactment of this joint resolution. 
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to re-consider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF COMMITTEE ON TRANSPOR-TATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chair of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : On June 27, 2018, pur-suant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure met in open ses-sion to consider 20 resolutions included in the General Services Administration’s Cap-ital Investment and Leasing Programs. The Committee continues to work to re-duce the cost of federal property and leases. The 20 resolutions considered include 13 al-teration projects, two construction projects, two acquisitions, two leases, and one design for alteration and represent $139 million in savings from avoided lease costs and space reductions. I have enclosed copies of the resolutions adopted by the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure on June 27, 2018. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. Enclosures. C
OMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —JOHN W . MCCORMACK U .S. POST 
OFFICE AND COURTHOUSE , BOSTON , MA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to correct failing mortar and ma-sonry deficiencies and undertake necessary roof repairs, while preventing potential dan-ger to pedestrians and vehicles from falling debris in the vicinity of the building at the John W. McCormack U.S. Post Office and Courthouse located at 5 Post Office Square in Boston, Massachusetts at a design cost of $721,000, an estimated construction cost of $9,218,000 and a management and inspection cost of $812,000 for a total estimated project cost of $10,751,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.051 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5854 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.017 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/1 here EH280618.001lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JOHN W. MCCORMACK U.S. POST OFFICE AND COURTHOUSE 
BOSTON,MA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: FY 
2018 Project Summary PMA-0013-8018 
8 The General 
Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to preserve the structural integrity 
of the John W. McCormack U.S. Post Office and Courthouse (McCormack 
POCH), located at 5 Post Office Square in Boston, MA. The proposed project 
will correct failing mortar and masonry deficiencies and undertake necessary roof repairs, while preventing potential danger 
to pedestrians and vehicles from falling debris in the vicinity 
of the building. FY 
2018 Committee Approval Reguested1 
(Design, Construction, Management & Inspection (M&I)} ......................... $10,751,000 
Major Work Items Exterior Construction 
Proiect Budget Design ......................................................................................................... 
$ 721,000 
Estimated Construction Cost {ECC) ...................... , ......................................... 9,218,000 
M&l •••••••••••••"••••••"•••••••••"~"•••• l!:'l••.,•••••••••·~••••••••w•••••t•,.••• ~·••••••••••*•••••••c••,.•••c••••*•••••••••••812,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) ........................................................... $101751,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided by 
GSA. Schedule 
Design and Construction 
Building Start 
FY 2018 End 
FY2020 
The McCormack POCH, located in Boston's Financial District, is a 24-floor building with a common lobby and basement that contains approximately 
793,000 gross square 
feet Constructed in 1933, the masonry and steel frame building is in the Art Deco style with 
the distinctive period style on both the exterior and much ofthe interior and is listed in the National Register 
of Historic Places. 
1 GSA is not requesting additional appropriated funds in support of this project at this time. Upon approval 
of this prospect1ls and a concurrent transfer request, GSA will make use of project savings in the Federal Buildings 
Fund to undertake these proposed repairs. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5855 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.017 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/2 here EH280618.002lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
JOHN W. MCCORMACK U.S. POST OFFICE AND COURTHOUSE 
BOSTON,MA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
Tenant Agencies PMA-001 3~B018 
8 
Environmental Protection Agency, Judiciary, Department of Education, Department of 
Justice, U.S. Tax Court, Social Security Administration, Department of Health and Human 
Services, GSA. 
Proposed Project 
The project will consist of masonry repairs, including full re-pointing, as needed, stone re-setting and anchoring, caulking 
of joints and stone, sealant of stone, including re­
coatfng of terra cotta units, waterproofing, cleaning and spot re-pointing and roof repairs, as needed. 
Safety rigging, netting, and sidewalk protection will remain in place throughout the proposed project. 
Major Work Items 
Exterior Construction 
Total ECC 
Justification $9,218,000 
$9,218,000 
In January 2017, a large chunk of granite spall fell from the far;ade of the McCormack 
POCH, narrowly missing a pedestrian on the sidewalk. The size of the granite spall was approximately 
22" X 8" X sn, and it weighed 70 pounds. The granite fell from the 23rd floor. 
GSA immediately installed sidewalk protection . around the perimeter of the 
building and began a full investigation and survey of the far;ade. The survey, completed in November 
2017, indicated the need for critical fayade repairs to prevent further 
deterioration and envelope failure. While limited exterior repairs have been undertaken since the building's construction in 1933, both age and location have contributed to the current 
fa~ade deficiencies. Ail sides 
of the building are experiencing failures due to age and weather deterioration of the mortar 
joints. The impact is most pronounced on the Milk Street fa9ade where temperature changes resulting from exposure to sunlight contributed to the thennal expansion and contraction 
of the masonry. Additionally, because water expands when it freezes, the infiltration 
of water into cracks during winter months enabled a freeze-thaw cycle that resulted in the jacking and loosening 
of stones. The combination of these forces over time completely freed the above-mentioned granite from the building, and 
it 
fell to the sidewalk below. 
Roof deficiencies-· including failed caulking between roof eounterflashing and granite, standing water that is causing clogged drains and overflow, and open holes in 
roof 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5856 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.017 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/3 here EH280618.003lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JOHN W. MCCORMACK U.S. POST OFFICE AND COURTHOUSE 
BOSTON,MA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: ·PMA-0013-BOIS 
8 
membrane that impact insulation and adhesive-are contributing to the water infiltration. Additionally, 
GSA has found vegetation in the deteriorated areas. Plant roots provide further evidence 
of the continual presence of moisture .. Root growth wilt further deteriorate mortar joints and accelerate failure. Failures are expected to accelerate over 
time. Until 
this repair can be 
undertaken; GSA has used Minor Repair and Alteration funds for interim repairs to those mortar joints required for installation 
of heavy-duty safety netting. These interim measures, along with the sidewalk protection and ongoing monitoring 
of the fa9ade, reduce the threat of imminent harm to pedestrians and vehicles around the perimeter 
of the McCormack POCH. These measures are not long-term solutions. 
Until the proposed repairs are undertaken and the deteriorated conditions are corrected, infiltration 
will continue, and the masonry and mortar will continue to fail. 
Prior Appropriations None 
Prior Committee Approvals None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building {past 10 years) None Alternatives Considered 
{30-year, present value cost analysis) There are 
no feasible alternatives to this project. This project is a limited scope renovation. The cost 
of the proposed project is less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. Recommendation ALTERATION 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5857 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.017 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/4 here EH280618.004lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JOHN W. MCCORMACK U.S. POST OFFICE AND COURTHOUSE 
BOSTON,MA PBS 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PMA-0013-B018 
8 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Govenunent need. Submitted at Washington, DC, on June 
15,2018. 
Recommended: 
~--~--~~--~~~~~~~~----~-----------Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved:~~:fliJ~.··~· ~· ·~· ·~· -~0,~ .... ~·~~---·~··· -~--~----~---~--~-~-~=~ 
Admmistrator, General Services Administration 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5858 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE , FEDERAL  
BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION , SEATTLE , WA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 130,876 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 75 official parking spaces, for the De-partment of Justice, Federal Bureau of In-vestigation currently located at 1110 3’d Ave-nue in Seattle, Washington at a proposed total annual cost of $6,282,048 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolu-tion. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 330 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 330 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether, the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.017 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5859 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.017 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/7 here EH280618.005lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
SEATTLE, WA PBS 
Prospectus 
Number: Congressional District: PWA-Ol-SE18 
7 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA} proposes a 15-year lease for approximately 130,876 
rentable square feet (RSF) for the Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), currently located at 
1110 3rd Avenue in Seattle, Washington. FBI has occupied space in the building since November 1, 1999, under 
a lease that expires on October 31, 2019. FBI will 
maintain the office, and the overall utilization at 182 and 330 usable square feet (USF) per person respectively. Description Occupant: Current Rentable Square Feet {RSF) Estimated Maximum 
RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: Estimated 
Usable Square Feet/Person: Expiration Dates 
of Current Lease(s): 
Proposed Maximum Leasing Authority: Delineated Area: Number 
of Official Parking Spaces: Scoring: Current Total Annual Cost: Estimated Rental Rate
1: 
Estimated Total Annual Cost2: 
Background Federal Bureau of Investigation 
130,876 (Current RSF/USF = 1.18) 
130,876 {Current RSF/USF ""' 1.18) None 
330 330 10/31/2019 
15 years Seattle Central Business District 75 Operating $4,582,592 
(lease effective 1111/1999) $48.00 
/RSF 
$6,282,048 
The Seattle FBI Field Office serves the entire State of Washington, covering nine resident agent offices. The space needs for the 
Seattle Field Office are currently met across six separate locations in Seattle: two federally owned and four leased properties. 
1 This estimate is for fiscal yt."l.lr 2020 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective <lute of the lease to account for 
inflation. The proposed n::nl1!1 rate is fully serviced Including all operating expenses. whether paid by the lessor or directly by the 
Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of 
competitive offers and as the basis for negotiating with the lessor to ensure that lease award is made in lhe best Interest of the 
Government 
z New leases may contain an escalaiion clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and opt.>taling costs. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5860 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.017 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/8 here EH280618.006lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Justification PROSPECTUS..;. LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
SEATTLE, WA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PBS 
The current lease at 1110 3nl Avenue, Seattle, expires on October 31,2019. The majority of the current 
Seattle FBI footprint is housed in the 1110 3nl Avenue lease. FBI has housed its Field 
Office in downtown Seattle since before the inception of the current lease. FBl anticipates a need for housing beyond the term 
of the current lease to continue to support its security requirements. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and other documents related to the procurement 
of space based on the approved prospectus. GSA 
encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy 
Star performance rating of 75 or higher .. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval 
to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of the tenant agency prior to the effective date 
of the lease. It is in the best interest of the Government to avert the financial risk 
of holdover tenancy. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5861 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.017 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/9 here EH280618.007lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification 
ofNeed PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
SEATTLE, WA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on May 14,2018. PBS 
PWA-01-SE18 
7 
Recommended:_IZ.~i~·'&~~_____:- -~-·------··--~· ... ~--· ~-------~-., ..... . 
Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Awro~:--~-~~~~~~~-~··. ~~~~ 
· C¥ffiinistrator, General Services Administration 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5862 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.017 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/10 here EH280618.008lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
April2017 Housing Plan 
Federal Bureau of Investigations Field Office 
Leased Locations Personnel 
Office 
1110 Third Ave 335 
Estimated/Proposed 
Lease ~---- ~------~--- --~--'--------- 335 
Rate 
UR = average amount of office space per person Current 
UR excludes 17,202 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 17,202 usf of office support space 
RfU Factor 
I TotalUSF 
Current I 110,690 I 
Estimated/Prooosed I 110,690 I 
NOTES: Total 
335 
335 
RSF/USF 
1.18 
1.18 CURRENT Usable Square Feet (USF) 
Office Storaee 
Snecial Total 
78,190 10,248 22,252 110,690 78,190 
10,248 22,252 110,690 MaxRSF 
I 130,876 
I 130,876 
1 USF means the portion of the building avallable for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space availai:>!e jointly to the occupants of the building, 
2 Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3 USF/Person = housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. 4 Rentable/Usable 
Factor (R/U Factor)= Max RSF divided by total USF 
5 Storage excludes warel>ouse, which is part of Special Space. 
Office Personnel 
335 335 PWA-01-SE18 
Seattle, WA 
ESTIMATED/PROPOSED 
Usable Square Feet (USF) 
Total 
Office Storage' 
Special Total j 
335 78,190 10,248 
22,252 110,690 
i 
---~ --__ ]ll,l90 10 248 
22 252 110,690 I 
Snecial Space 
USF ADP 11,462-Conference 
1,320 Emereencv 
Generator 470 
Evidence/Photo Processing 1,400-
Fitness/Locker Rooms 1,560 
Guard Booth 360' 
Interview Rooms 840 
Mailroom 240-
Receotion 240' 
Private Toilet 400 
Technical Operations Room 3,600. 
Vault 360' 
Total 22 252 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5863 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION , 
BALTIMORE COUNTY , MD Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 824,563 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 2,132 surface parking spaces, for the Social Security Administration currently lo-cated at 1500 Woodlawn Drive in Woodlawn, Maryland at a proposed total annual cost of $13,465,114 for a lease term of up to 10 years, a factsheet modifying prospectus PMD–02– BA16 for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 320 usable square feet or less per person, except that, if the Administrator determines that the over-all utilization rate cannot be achieved, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 320 usable square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5864 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/13 here EH280618.009lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
FACTSHEET 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION 
BALTIMORE COUNTY, MD 
Congressional District: 7 
Executive Summarv 
The General Services Administration {GSA) proposes to exercise a 1 0-year renewal option 
to lease up to 824,563 rentable square feet of space for the Social Security 
Administration currently housed at 1500 Woodlawn Drive in Woodlawn1 MD. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF) 
Estimated Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Estimated Usable Square Feet/Person: 
.Proposed Maximum Leasing Authority; Expiration 
Dates of Current Leases: 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces Scoring: Estimated 
Rental Rate1: 
Estimated Total Annual Cost1: 
Current Total Annual Cost: 
Justification Social Security Administration 
824,563 (Current RSFIUSF = 1.15) 
824,563 (Proposed RSFIUSF = 1.1 5) 
None 
320 usable square feet per person 
320 usable square feet per person 
Up to l 0 years 
10/31/2018 
1500 Woodlawn Drive, Woodlawn, 
MD 
2,132 surface parking Operating 
lease $16.33 per rentable square foot 
$13,465,114 $15,287,398 
(Lease effective 
11/01/1993) 
On December 10, 2015, GSA submitted prospectus PMD-02-BA 16 to Congress 
proposing to lease approximately 511,000 rentable square feet of space and 25 parking 
spaces fQr the Social Security Administration for up to 20 years at a maximum fully serviced 
annual rate of $33.00 per rentable square foot. At $33 per foot, the new )ease for reduced space would have cost 
a maximum of $16,863,000.00 per year, not including costs paid 
in lump sum for Tenant Improvement overages, move costs, and furniture. The 
1 This estimate is for lisen! year 2018 and may be escalated by 2 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to 
nccount for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses, whether paid by the 
lessor or directly by the Govcmmcnt. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates ns n 
benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with otfcrors to ensure thnt lease 
award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
2 New lenses may contui~ un escalation cla.use to provide for annual changes in mal estate taxes ami opcrnting costs, 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5865 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/14 here EH280618.010lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
FACTSHEET 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION BALTIMORE COUNTY, 
MD PBS 
Congressional D.istrict: 7 prospectus was approved 
by the Senate Committee on Environment and. Public Works on January 
20,2016. 
The Social Security Administration is in the process of re-evaluating the Iong-tenn need 
for· additional leased space surrounding its Headquarters in Woodlawn, and as a result, is developing a 
long·tenn plan that maximizes the use of existing federally owned and leased space 
to address its current and future housing needs. As a result of these pending changes, 
GSA evaluated all of the available options in meeting the Social Security Administration's mid·tenn 
housing needs at 1500 Woodlawn Drive and determined that the least expensive alternative for the Government 
and taxpayer would be to remain at 
1500 Woodlawn Drive. GSA is modifying its prospectus approval request to allow for a lease renewal at the 
1500 Woodlawn Drive location until the Social Security 
Administration revises its long-term plans. The existing renewal option allows for partial 
or whole tennination rights at the conclusion of the second year of the new lease. This 
unilateral authority enables the Government to release the whole of the occupancy beginning 
in year 3 with 24 months written notice, or to partially release space to the 
point that the occupancy would reduce to no less than 497,533 RSF with 12 months written notice. Without this lease renewal, 
GSA would have to enter into a holdover at 
the expiration of the current lease. 
GSA requests the following adjustments to the current prospectus parameters: 
• Increase the maximum proposed rentable square feet from 511,000 to 824,563; 
• Reduce the maximum proposed rental rate from $33.00 per RSF to $16.33 per 
RSF; 
• Decrease the maximum proposed lease tenn from 20 years to up to 10 years; 
• Increase the number of parking spaces from 25 official parking spaces to the 
2; 132 parking spaces currently provided under the existing lease; and 
• Maintain the current utilization rate at 1500 Woodlawn Drive, which is approximately 
320 feet per person. The changes above 
will result in a first year total annual lease cost of $13,465,114 
compared to previously proposed $16,933,000, and in longer term savings while the Social Security Administration develops 
its future plans. Aside from the changes described above, 
all other terms in the prospectus remain unchanged. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5866 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
CONSTRUCTION —U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY , 
ALEXANDRIA BAY , NY Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for the con-struction of facilities of 261,000 gross square feet (including canopies and structured park-ing) to replace the existing land port of entry in support of Phase II of a two-phase project including construction of commer-cial inspection lanes, a new veterinary serv-ices building, an impound lot, a main admin-istration building, non-commercial inspec-tion lanes, a new non-commercial secondary inspection plaza, new non-intrusive inspec-tion buildings, and employee and visitor parking areas in Alexandria Bay, New York at an additional estimated construction cost of $34,522,000 and a reduction of the manage-ment and inspection cost of $2,014,000 for a total estimated project cost of $132,979,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on March 2, 2016 for Prospectus No. PNY- BSC-AB16. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5867 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/16 here EH280618.011lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-CONSTRUCTION U.S. 
LAND PORT OF ENTRY ALExANDRIA BAY, 
NY 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
FY 2018 Project Summary PBS 
PNY-BSC-AB18 
21 
The General Services Administration (GSA) requests approval for construction of 
facilities to replace the existing land port of entry (LPOE) in Alexandria Bay, NY, and funding 
·in support of Phase II of this two-phase project. The project includes construction 
of commercial inspection lanes, a new veterinary services building, an impound lot, a main administration building, non-commercial inspection 
·lanes, a new non-commercial secondary 
. inspection plaza, new non-intrusive inspection (Nil) 
buildings, and employee and visitor parking areas. The project will meet the cunent and future operational requirements 
of the tenant agencies and be .flexible to adapt to future requirements. 
FY 2018 House & Senate Committee Approval Requested (Phase 
ll Construction) ................. u ............ u ................................................ $32,538,0001 
FY 2018 Appropriation Requested (Phase 
IT Construction and Management & Inspection) ......................... $132,979,0002 
1The House and Senate Committees approved Estimated Construction Cost and Management & Inspection in Prospectus numbers 
PNY-BSC-AB12 and PNY-BSC-AB16. The. approval requested in this FY18 
prospectus reflects the balance of approval peeded for the project. 
2GSA works closely with Department of Homeland Security program offices responsible for developing and implementing security technology at LPOEs. 
This prospectus contains the funding of .infrastructure 
requirements known at the time of prospectus development. Additional funding by a reimbursable work authorization may be required to provide for 
as yet unidentified security technology elements to be implemented at this port. 
· 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5868 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/17 here EH280618.012lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
U.S. LANJ) PORT OF ENTRY 
ALEXANDRIA BAY, NY 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PNY-BSC-AB18 
21 
Overview of Project 
The proposed project will address traffic issues by expanding the queuing are!l, 
increasing the number of primary inspection lanes, increasing the area for seQondary 
inspection, and providing safe and secure vehicle parking and well-defmed truck queuing and maneuvering areas. The project will replace the existing port and is proposed in two phases. 
Phase I includes construction 
of a commercial, inspection warehouse with inspection bays, commercial inspection lanes (with split-level booths for either commercial or non-commercial), a 
new 
veterinary services building, impound lot, and a portion of the elevated parking over the commercial side. 
Phase I also includes acquisition of the two remaining necessary parcels 
of land. · Phase 
II includes construction of a new main administration building, a new outbound inspection facility, non-commercial inspection lanes, a new non-commercial secondary inspection plaza, new 
Nil buildings, and employee and visitor parking areas. 
Site Area 
Government-Owned ............................................................................................ ·s acres Additional 
Site Acquired in Phase I .. ..... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . .. ...... . .. .. .. .. .. . .. . . .. ... . .. . .. ... 10 acres3 
Building Area 
Building (including canopies and structured parking) .................................. 261,000 gsf 
Building (excluding canopies and structUred parking) ................................. 116,000 gsf 
Outside parking spaces ........................................ , ....................................................... 50 
Inside parking spaces ..................................................................................................... 5 Structured parking spaces .......................................................... 
, ............................... 134 
3 No additional site will be acquired as part ofPhase II ofthe project. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5869 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/18 here EH280618.013lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION U.S. 
LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
ALEXANDRIA BAY, NY 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PNY-BSC-AB18 
21 
Project Budget 
Site Acquisition 
Site Acquisition (FY 2005 and FY 2008) ................................................ $~,965,000 
Total Site Acquisition .......................... ; ................................ ; ............... $2,96S,OOO 
Design 
Design (FY 2005 and FY 2008) ........................................................... $17,595,000 
Additional Design (FY 20 16) .......... ~ ................................................... : ..... 3,500,000 
Total Design ··~·····*·-·················•········.,.········-···-······································$21,095,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) 
Phase I (FY 2016) ............................................................................... $ 93,246,000 Phase 
II ................................................................................................. 126,139,000 4 . Total ECC ................................................................................ ., .......... $219,385,000 
Site Development Cost5 ..................................................................... $49,192,000 
Building Costs (includes inspection canopies) 
($652/GSF) ............ $170,193,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) 
Phase I (FY 2016) ................................................................................. $ 8,854,000 Phase 
II ....................................................................................... : .............. 6,840,000 
Total M&I .................................................................... , ......................... " .... $15,694,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ET:PC)* ....................................................... $259,139,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided by 
GSA 
Location 
The site is located at the existing LPOE on Interstate Route 81 in Alexandria Bay, NY. 
4 ECC is broken into two parts -Site Development Costs and Building Costs. 
5 Site development costs include grading, utilities, paving, and demolition of existing facilities. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5870 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/19 here EH280618.014lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Schedule 
Design 
Construction 
Phase I 
Phase II 
Tenant Agencies PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
ALEXANDRIA BAY, NY 
Prospectus Number: Congressional.District: 
Start 
FY2008 
FY2016 
FY2018 PBS 
PNY~BSC-AB18 
21 
FY2019 
FY2022 
Department of Homeland Security-Customs and Border Protection {CBP), Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
U.S. Department of Agriculture-Animal & Plant Health Inspection Service; 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration; GSA Justification 
The existing facility does not meet. the current and future operational needs of the inspection agencies at the port. 
The lack of an adequate commercial cargo inspection facility is hampering the safe and secure execution 
of CBP and other tenant agencies1 
missions. The short distance between the 
international border and the primary commercial inspection area is 
now inadequate for vehicle queuing. Given the limited capacity of the 
U.S.~bound btidges and roadways, the Thousand Island Bridge Authority currently limits the number 
of vehicles (in Canada) that can proceed through to the crossing. This results in significant queuing 
of commercial vehicles on the Canadian roadways entering the crossing and sometimes back to Highway 
401. The bridges are not designed to handle prolonged periods 
of stationary loads associated with queued commercial traffic. In addition, the removal 
of significant amounts of rock is necessary to allow for increased program and vehicle circulation. The existing main building does not 
accommmiate the current and future needs of the tenants. The existing commercial building has enough space to unload only a single truck and the office component is housed in mobile trailers. 
6 Design refresh to be completed with project funds approved in Prospectus No. PNY-BSC-AB16. 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5871 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/20 here EH280618.015lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION U.S. 
LAND PORT OF ENTRY ALEXANDRIA BAY, 
NY 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PNY-BSC-AB18 
21 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This.project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities ·standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimui:n performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
Prior Appropriations 
Public Law Fiscal Year Amount . Purpose 
108-447 2005 $8,884,000 Site Acquisition and Design 
110-161 2008 $11,676,000 Expanded Scope -Additional Site Acquisition andDesign 
. 
114-113 2016 $105,600,000* Phase 1 
Appropriations to Date $ 126,160,000 
*Amount requested m FY16 was $105,570,000; appropnated amount was $30,000 more than 
request. 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5872 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/21 here EH280618.016lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION U.S. 
LAND PORT OF ENTRY ALEXANDRIA 
BAY, NY 
Prior Committee Approvals Committee Date 
SenateEPW 11/07/2004 
HouseT&I 7/21/2004 SenateEPW 9/27/2006 
HouseT&I 9/20/2006 SenateEPW 
12/8/2011 
HouseT&I 7116/2014 
SenateEPW 1/20/16 
HouseT&I 3/2/16 
House & Senate Committee Approvals to Date 
Alternatives Considered Prospectus Number: PNY-BSC-AB18 
21 Congressional District: 
Prior Committee Approvals Amount 
Purpose 
$8,884,000 Design= $8,684,000; Site acquisition= 
$200,000 
$8,884,000 Design= $8,684,000; Site acquisition= 
$200,000 
$11,676,000 Additional design= $8,911 ,000; 
Additional site acquisition= $2,765,000 
$11,676,000 Additional design= $8,911,000; 
Additional site acquisition= $2,765,000 
. $173,565,000 Construction= $160,990,000; M&I = 
$12,575,000 
$105;570,000 Additional Design= $3,500,000; Phase I ECC 
$93,216,000; PhaseiM&I= 
$8,854,000 
$32,476,000 Additional Design= $3,500,000; Phase I ECC 
= $23;843,000; Phase I M&I = 
$5,133,000 
$100,471,000 PhasellECC=$91,617,000; Phaseii 
M&I $8,854,000 
$226,601,000 GSA 
has jurisdiction, custody, and control over and maintains the existing facilities at this 
LPOE. No alternative other than Federal construction was considered. 
Recommendation 
CONSTRUCTION 
6 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5873 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/22 here EH280618.017lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification of Need 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
ALEXANDRIA BAY, NY 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PBS 
PNY-BSC-AB18 
21 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Mayl7,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on------~~--..,... 
Recommended:-----:---:~,-----· _·_.-'--:--·.,.:C..~--__.·~~--.,---~-------'---~­
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
7 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5874 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.018 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/23 here EH280618.018lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
May 2017 
Locations Personnel Housing Plan 
Alexandria Bay Land Port of Entry 
CURRENT 
Usable Square Feet (USF)1 Personnel Office 
Total Office Storage Special Total Office Total 
Alexandria Bay LPOE 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security- CBP 47 47 7,455 -30,628 38,083 47 47 U.S. Department of Homeland Security- ICE ---- - - 4 4 General 
Services Administration 
-PBS 7 7 2,687 - 749 3,436 3 3 U.S. Health and Human Services -FDA - - - --5 5 U.S. Department of Agriculture- APHIS 2 
2 375 
2,625 3,000 2 
2 Out!ease -Customs Brokers 
- - -- -- 5 5 
,Total 56 56 10,517 
0 34,002 44,519 66 66 
Notes: 
1 USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and fumishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
The project may contain a variance in gross square footage from that listed in this project upon measurement 
and review of the completed project. PNY-BSC-AB18 
Alexandria Bay, NY 
PROPOSED 
Usable Square Feet (USF) Office 
Storage Special Total 
21,661 -101,922 123,583 663 
- - 663 1,155 
--1,155 1,842 
-623 2,465 978 
-2,202 3,180 
4,780 --4,780 31,079 
-104,747 . !-3?,826 Special 
Space USF 
Light Industrial 
35,873 Inspection Canopy 
59,905 Structurally 
changed 1,500 
Fitness/Restrooms 
3,812 Conference Training 
973 Laboratory 
1,145 
ADP 641 
Food Service 898 
L-----Total 104,747 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5875 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
BUILDING ACQUISITION , NEW ORLEANS FBI FIELD  
OFFICE BUILDING PURCHASE , NEW ORLEANS , LA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the acqui-sition and repair and alteration of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation New Orleans Field Office Building located at 2901 Leon C. Simon Road in New Orleans, Louisiana at a building and site acquisition cost of $24,000,000, a design cost of $510,000, an esti-mated construction cost of $4,000,000, and a management and inspection cost of $472,000 at a total estimated project cost of $28,982,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5876 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/25 here EH280618.019lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- BUILDING ACQUISITION 
NEW ORLEANS FBI FIELD OFFICE BUILDING PURCHASE 
NEW ORLEANS, LA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
FY 2018 Project Summarv PLA-13 70-N018 
2 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes to acquire the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation (FB[) New Orleans Field Office Building located at 2901 Leon C. Simon 
Road in New Orleans, LA. The facility, currently leased by GS~ provides 137)279 
rentable square feet of space, 256 parking spaces and is occupied entirely by the·FBI. In 
addition to acquiring the building, GSA proposes to replace the roof and fire alarm system and upgrade 
the heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HV A C), elevator, and electrical systems to improve 
the safety and efficiency for long~term use of the building. 
Purchase will reduce the Gov~rnment's rental payment to the private sector by approximately 
$3,276,000 annually. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
{Site, Design, Construction, and Management & Inspection) ..................... $28,982,000 
Building 
The 4-story steel and masonry building, constructed in 1998, sits on a 6.6-acre site. The site includes 
100 surface parking spaces, 156 indoor parking spaces and security fencing. 
The facility provides mostly office space, but also contains special space, such as 
conference/training, a technical operations room, and a vehicle maintenance facility to support the agency mission. 
Proiect Budget 
Building and Site Acquisition ..................................................................... ~$24,000,000 
Design ................................................................................................................. 51 0,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) .............................................................. .4,000,000 
Management and rnspection (M&I) ................................................................. .472.000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ........................................................ $28,982,000 
*Tenant agency may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided 
by GSA. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5877 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/26 here EH280618.020lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- BUILDING ACQUISITION 
NEW ORLEANS FBI FIELD OFFICE BUILDING PURCHASE 
NEW ORLEANS, LA 
Schedule 
Acquisition and Alterations 
Overview of Project Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
Start 
FY 2018 PLA-1370-N018 . 2 
End 
FY2020 
The project proposes acquisition of the building currently leased by GSA to house the FBI's 
New Orleans Field Office. The building was constructed to house FBI in a 20-year 
lease that commenced In 1999. GSA negotiated a purchase option at the time of lease 
award that may be exercised at the end of the lease.term (2019). Acquisition of the asset has 
been determined to be in the best interest of the Government. The project also 
proposes alterations, including a roof replacement, fire alarm system replacement, mechanical upgrades 
to HVAC, elevator modernization, . upgrades- to electrical 
switchgear, and exterior facade restoration. Tenant Agencies Federal 
Bureau of Investigation 
Major Work Items 
Roof Replacement 
Life Safety Replacement/Upgrades Mechanical 
Upgrades 
Elevator Replacement Exterior 
Upgrades 
Electrical Upgrades 
Total ECC 
Justification $l,400)000 900,000 600,000 500,000 400,000 200,000 
$4,000,000 
The FBI Field Office has a Iong*term requirement. Purchase of this facility, at the pre­
negotiated purchase price, will produce long-tenn Government savings, thereby avoiding lease, 
move and space replication costs of more than $18 million. All utilities, electricity, gas, water, wastewater, telephone, 
cable, and drainage are present in sufficient capacity to 
serve the needs of the improvements on the site. The asset is located in one of the few 
geographic locations in New Orleans that did not flood during Hurricane Katrina. 
An assessment of the existing facility was completed to determine what improvements would 
be required for the building to come under Federal ownership. The roof system is 
nearing the el).d of its useful life. Lite safety concerns will be addressed by replacing the aging 
fire alarm system with current technology. Mechanical upgrades to the HV AC are 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5878 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/27 here EH280618.021lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- BUILDING ACQUISITION 
NEW ORLEANS FBI FIELD OFFICE BUILDING PURCHASE 
NEW ORLEANS, LA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional 
District: PBS 
needed for optimum energy efficiency and tenant comfort. An elevator modernization is 
needed to comply with code. An electrical system upgrade will include replacing the main 
switch board to comply with code, The exterior fa9ade will be sealed to remain weather 
tight throughout its typical service life. 
Summarv of Energv Compliance 
This project will be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
. Prior Committee Agprovals 
None 
Prior Prosgectus-Level Projects in Building {past 10 years) 
None 
Alternatives Considered (30-vear. gresent value cost analvsis) Purchase 
................................................................................................. $62,098,000 
Lease ................................................................................................... $155,917,000 
New Construction ................................................................................. $77,805,000 
The 30~year, present value cost of purchase is $93,819,000 less than the cost of leasing, 
with an equivalent annual cost advantage of$5,101,000. 
Recommendation 
ACQUISITION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5879 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/28 here EH280618.022lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- BUILDING ACQUISITION NEW ORLEANS 
FBI FIELD OFFICE BUILDING PURCHASE 
NEW ORLEANS) LA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PLA-1370-N018 
2 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need, 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~.......,.~._..,.,.~~~-~=~~~~--=--~-=- __ 
Recommended:--.....,.,.,-~""-~..:---· ..... ·.--~-----__ -~-·--· __ · .....,·.~;.._,.,-. .,.. ~-;;... __ .,...;_--~~~--~ __ -_--~.-_ •. _:: __________ --~~~ 
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved: _ _ 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5880 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:26 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/29 here EH280618.023lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
May 
2017 Locations-
New 
Orleans 
Field 
Office Personnel Office 
Total 2901 
Leon 
C. 
Simon 
Road 
(Leased) I DOJ-
Federal Bureau 
oflnvestigation 
184 184 2901 
Leon 
C. 
Simon 
Road 
(Owned) DOJ-
Federal Bureau 
of 
Investigation 
-Total 
267 267 Building 
Office 
Tenants All Building Tenants NOTES: 
Housing 
Plan New 
Orleans 
Federal 
Bureau 
of 
Investigation Field Office CURRENT 
Usable Square 
Feet 
(USF) Personnel Office Storage 
Special 
Total 
Office 69,378 
-.69,ill_ 
29,012 27,751 126,141 
-
-----
_1'/,.Q.!~ 
27,751 126,141_ 
·"~--Current 
UR 
excludes 
15,263 
usf 
office support space. Proposed 
UR 
excludes 25,384 
usf 
of 
office support space. 
-299 299 1USF 
means 
the 
portion 
of 
the building available for 
use 
by a tenant's personnel and 
furnishings 
and 
space 
available jointly 
to 
the 
occupants 
of 
the 
building. 2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress 
and 
agencies 
with 
less than 
10 
people. 3USF/Person 
~housing 
plan 
total 
USF 
divided 
by 
total personnel. Total 
USF 
excludes automotive bay and automotive 
work 
room 
space. 
Total 
-299 2.9.2_ 
PLA-1370-NOlS New 
Orleans, 
LA PROPOSED 
Usable Square 
Feet 
(USF) Office Stora2e 
Special 
Total -
---69,378 
29,012 
27,751 126,141 --. 
--
69,378 
29,012 
27,751 
126,141 Special 
Space 
USF ADP 
3,790 Automotive 
Bay 
3,877 Conference/Training 7,632 Evidence Room 
2,220 File/Copy 1,324 Fitness 
Center 
1,758 Food 
Service 
1,038 Health Unit 
179 Interview 
Room 
577 Loading/Receiving 
346 MailRoom 
317 Restroom 369 Secure Space 
346 Visitor 
Screening 
461 Weapons Vault 231 Workroom 3,286 Total 
27,751 -
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5881 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
CONSTRUCTION —OTAY MESA U .S. LAND PORT OF  
ENTRY , SAN DIEGO , CA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the con-struction of facilities of 404,026 gross square feet (including canopies and structured park-ing) to modernize and expand the Otay Mesa Land Port of Entry including expansion of the pedestrian processing facilities, con-struction of a commercial annex building, relocation of detention and Secure Elec-tronic Network for Travelers Rapid Inspec-tion (SENTRI) facilities and hazardous ma-terial processing, construction of surface or structured parking for employees and visi-tors, and commercial import lot improve-ments at the Otay Mesa U.S. Land Port of Entry located in San Diego, California at an additional design cost of $10,062,000, an esti-mated construction cost of $100,718,000 and a management and inspection cost of $11,068,000 for a total estimated project cost of $121,848,000, excluding funds provided pur-suant to Public Law 111–5, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this res-olution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 cal-endar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:31 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5882 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/31 here EH280618.024lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
OTAY MESA U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
SAN DIEGO, CA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
FY 2018 Project Summary PBS 
PCA-BSC-SA18 
CA51 The General 
SerVices Administration (GSA) requests approval for construction of 
facilities to modernize and expand the Otay Mesa Land Port of Entry (LPOE) in San Diego, CA. The project includes expansion 
of the pedestrian processing facilities, 
construction of a commercial annex building, relocation of detention and Secure Electronic Network for Travelers Rapid Inspection (SENTRI) facilities and hazardous material processing, construction 
of surface or structured parking for employees and visitors, and commercial import lot improvements. The project will meet the current and future operational requirements 
of the Federal agencies. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, Management & Inspection) ................................. 
$121,848,0001 
Overview of Project 
The Otay MesaLPOE was constructed in 1987 (non-commercial and export facilities) and 1994 (commercial import building and associated improvements). The 
LPOE is the busiest commercial port 
in California; processing over $15.6 billion in exports and $27.6 
billion in imports in Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. In addition, the LPOE processes approximately 3.5 million pedestrians and 7.6 million vehicles annually. 
In 2009, under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) Otay Mesa received site and design funding. 
The project scope has been refined though a value engineering process. The proposed project 
will increase the number of pedestrian lanes and relocate the existing SENTRI and I-94 permit processing from the secure processing area to the new commercial annex building. This will free up space to expand pedestrian and detention operations to improve throughput and enhance traveler and officer safety. Improvements to the commercial import lot include the construction 
of a new commercial annex building, relocation 
of hazardous materials processing, paving of a 1 
0-acre site to improve commercial vehicle circulation, and a dedicated return to Mexico lane for trucks denied entry into the United States 
.. In addition, structured parking will 
be added for employees and visitors. 
1 GSA works closely with Department of Homeland Security program offices responsible for developing and implementing security technology 
at LPOEs. This prospectus contains the funding of infrastructure requirements known at the time 
of prospectus development. Additional funding by a reimbursable work authorization may be 
required to provide for as yet unidentified security technology elements to be implemented at this port. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5883 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/32 here EH280618.025lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION. OTAY 
MESA U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
SAN DIEGO; CA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PBS 
PCA-BSC-SA18 
CA51 This project also 
will accommodate the bus processing needs of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
Site Area 
Government-Owned .......................................................................................... 51 acres 
Building Area 
Building (including canopies and structured parking) .................................. 404,026 gsf 
Building (excluding canopies and structured parkingf ............................... l81,604 gsf 
Outside parking spaces (est.) ..................................................................................... 367 Structured parking spaces (est.) ................................................................................. 231 
Project Budget 
Site and Design (ARRA) ........................................................................... $ 12,753,000 
Additional Design .......................................................................................... l 0,062,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC)3 ........................................................... 100,718,000 Site 
DevelopmentCost.. ....................................................................... 29,993,000 
Building Costs (includes inspection canopies) ($178/GSF) ................ 70,725,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) .............................................................. 11,068,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ....................................................... $134,601,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided 
by GSA. 
Location 
The site is located at 2500 Paseo International, San Diego, CA. 
Schedule Start 
Design and Constn~ction FY2018 End 
FY2021 
2 Program includes 12,695 gross square foot (GSF) U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Plant Inspection Station that 
is funded by USDA and not included in the budget for this prospectus submission. 
3 ECC is broken into two parts-Site Development Costs and Building Costs. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5884 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/33 here EH280618.026lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION OTAY 
MESA U.S .. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
SAN DIEGO, CA PBS Prospectus 
Number: Congressional District: PCA-BSC-SA18 
CA51 
Tenant Agencies Department 
of Homeland Security -Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, 
USDA -Animal & Plant Health Inspection Service, 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adrrlinistration, 
and GSA 
Justification Non-commercial pedestrian processing is undersized and the planned development 
of a new locally developed transit center (adjacent to the 
LPOE) is expected to increase significantly the congestion 
in the pedestrian processing facilities. Detention areas in the main building do not meet current 
CBP design guide standards and expose the traveling public and officers to unnecessary risk. The port averages 
2,400 northbound trucks, 21,000 northbound privately owned vehicles and 
9,500 pedestrians on a daily basis. Total comrilercial flows have increased an average 
of 2.25% a year since 2005. Circulation within the commercial port is extremely congested, which impedes processing 
of commercial vehicles and creates dangerous conditions for officers. Due to a constrained site and the need to maintain sufficient area for commercial vehicle circulation, structured parking is proposed. 
Summary of Energy Compliance This project will be designed to conform 
to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings SeJ>~ice. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and 
water efficiency above the minimum perfomiance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
Prior Appropriations 
Public Law Fiscal Year Amount Purpose 
111-5 2009 $12,753,000 Site Acquisition and Design 
(ARRA) 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Approval of the above-mentioned funding was inherent in Public Law 111-5. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5885 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/34 here EH280618.027lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-CONSTRUCTION OTAYMESA 
U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
SAN DIEGO, CA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Alternatives Considered PBS 
PCA-BSC-SA18 
CA51 
GSA has jurisdiction, custody and control over and maintains the existing facilities at this 
LPOE. No alternative other. than Federal construction was considered. 
Recommendation 
CONSTRUCTION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5886 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/35 here EH280618.028lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION OTAY 
MESA U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
SAN DIEGO~ CA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PCA-BSC-SA18 
CA51 
Certification ofNeed 
The proposed project is the best soh.ltiorr to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ _:,M=a~yL_l:.._;7'-'-,=2~01,_,7'-----------'----
Recommended:---:---:---~--:-=:-...::;:....;.--...;__- -'·--:-·-.4---__;;.,_~~--:-<:·-'--. -=--"'. -':-:-:-·-=-_---_~ __ ·-,-------­
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved:-~-· -+-~---7. ~· -,__--=-· . ~&~,_ +--~-l{-~____,_,_.....;._·· --,-.-­
Actin~eneral ~inistration 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5887 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/36 here EH280618.029lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
May2017 Housing Plan 
Otay Mesa U.S. Land Port of Entry 
CURRENT 
Locations Pers01;mel Usable Square Feet (USF)1 Personnel 
Office Total I Office I Storage Special Total Office Total 1 
Otay Mesa LPOE 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security- CBP 285 285 65,414 
8,987 222,773 297,174 
285 285 U.S. Department of Homeland .Security- ICE 13 !3 1,597 --1,597 13 13 
U.S. Health and Human Services- FDA 4 4 1,459 20 560 2,039 8 8 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration 
(Bus Inspection)" 4 4 - - - - 4 4 
U.S. Depa.rtment of Agriculture- APHIS 17 17 2,700 2,131 
5,743 10,574 
17 17 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 2 2 756 -- 756 
2 2 Joint 
Use -1,975 
424 
782 3,181 --
Total 325 325 73,901 11,562 
229,858 315,321 
329 329 --
Notes: 
1 USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. PCA-BST-SA18 San Diego, 
CA 
PROPOSED 
Usable Sqnare Feet (USF) 
Office Storage Special 70,393 
13,677 
234,976 1,597 
--
4,752 900 
800 970 
- 4,398 
7,740 4,547 
6,541 756 
--
3,735 
424 2,502 
89,943 
19,548 
249,217 Special Space 
Light Industrial Inspection Canopy 
Structurally changed Fitness/Restrooms Conference Training Laboratory 
ADP 
Food Service 
Bus Inspection 
Total 
2 Federal Motor Can·ier Safety Administration 
is anticipated to maintain Commercial Vehicle Inspection at the California Highway Patrol Commercial Vehicle Enforcement 
Facility. The project may contain a variance in gross square footage from that listed in this project upon measurement and review of the completed 
project. Total 
319,046 
1,597 6,452 5,368 18,828 756 6,661 
358,708 
USF 
570 
218,152 1 
11,747 5,592 
1,000 
3,886 
420 
3,452 4,398 249,217 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5888 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —LYNDON BAINES JOHNSON  
FEDERAL BUILDING , WASHINGTON , DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the design of repairs and alterations to renovate and re-align and reconfigure approximately 286,000 usable square feet of space occupied by the Department of Education and upgrade or re-place multiple building systems as necessary at the Lyndon Baines Johnson Building lo-cated at 400 Maryland Avenue, SW in Wash-ington, DC at a design cost of $4,200,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5889 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/38 here EH280618.030lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA Description 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
Prospectus for Design PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) is seeking approval for one design project during Fiscal Year (FY) 
2018, which GSA will schedule for construction in a future year. A description 
of the project is attached. Justification Starting the design 
for the project prior to receipt of construction phase funding will facilitate an 
orderly and timely accomplishment of the planned program. · Under the separate funding approach, 
GSA will submit the construction prospectus along with the future year budget request. The subject project addresses.realigmnent and consolidation 
of agency space. Recommendation Approve design and related services 
of $4,200,000 for the attached project. The construction costs indicated at this time are preliminary 
and will be refined and fmalized prior to future requests for funding. Committee Approval 
and Appropriation Requested in this Prospectus .................. $4,200,000 
Certification of Need The proposed project 
is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on---------------------
Recommended:---------:----:---=:----'-~--:~··--:-. _ _.· '--. --:-:·-:-~-L· --=-:-"""'--/ ----,---~-'--­
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Seryice 
Approved:_~· ~6~~-· -f---E(~\ ~~.· ~­
Acting Adrninis~neral Services Administration 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5890 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/39 here EH280618.031lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
Prospectus for Design PBS FISCAL YEAR2018ALTERATIONDESIGNPROJECT LOCATION 
FY 2018 FUNDING 
Washington, DC 
Lyndon Baines Johnson Federal Building $4,200~000 
TOTAL ....................................... " ........................................................................................ $4,200, 000 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5891 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.019 H28JNPT1
Insert offset folio 369/40 here EH280618.032lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION Prospectus for Design 
Prospectus Number: PBS 
PDS-02018 PROJECT: 
Lyndon Baines Johnson Federal Building 
LOCATION: ESTIMATED TOTAL PROJECT COST: DESIGN: AMOUNT REQUESTED 
IN FY 2018 (Design): 
WORK ITEM SUMMARY 
Interior construction; demolition; and multiple system upgrades 
DESCRIPTION Washington, DC 
TBD 
$4,200,000 $4,200,000 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes the design of a future Major Repair and Alteration project for several floors 
of the Lyndon Baines Johnson (LBJ) Building located at 400 
Maryland Avenue, SW, Washington, DC and occupied by the Department of Education (Education). The future project proposes a substantial renovation 
of the bt~ilding to realign and reconfigure approximately 
286,000 usable square feet (USF) of Education-occupied space and multiple building systems upgrades or replacements, 
as necessary. The completed design of the proposed project will provide 
GSA with a best estimate ofthe construction and management and inspection funding necessary to execute the project, which 
will be proposed in a future fiscal year. Constructed 
in 1959, the LBJ Building consists of 640,332 gross square feet and 386,635 USF. 
The building has· seven floors occupied above grade, plus a mechanical penthouse, and two levels below 
grade, including the basement parking area. The property is across the street from the 
Smithsonian's Air and Space Museum, as well as the Museum of the American Indian. A planned Memorial to President Eisenhower is expected to be constructed in the next 
few years on 
the north side of the building. The proposed renovation 
will support GSA and Education's ongoing efforts to improve the utilization 
of space occupied by Education. This improved utilization will be accomplished by 
merging operations internally and consolidating additional Education employees from multiple leases into the LBJBuilding. The project will improve the office and total building utilization rate from 
167 to 123 USF per person and 233 to 175 USF per person, respectively, and allow Education 
to consolidate approximately 630 personnel from leased space into the building. To 
adequately support the increased utilization and higher density, this project also includes upgrades or replacement, as necessary, 
of multiple building systems, including heating, ventilation and 
air conditioning, electrical, plumbing, and life safety and sustainability items, including replacement 
of associated Fire & Life Safety Fire Control Room equipment and upgrading 
of the stairwells to meet current codes .. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5892 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —FEDERAL BUILDING AND U .S. 
COURTHOUSE , MILWAUKEE , WI Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for fire and life-safety upgrades at the Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse located at 517 E. Wisconsin in Milwaukee, Wisconsin at a design cost of $1,069,000, an es-timated construction cost of $11,205,000 and a management and inspection cost of $717,000 for a total estimated project cost of $12,991,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5893 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/42  EH280618.033lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL BUILDING AND U.S. COURTHOUSE 
MIL WAUJ(EE, WI 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: FY 
2018 Project Summary PBS 
PWI~0044-Mll8 
4 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes fire and life-safety upgrades t(} the Federal Building 
and U.S. ·courth(}use (FB/CT) located at 517 E. Wisconsin in 
Milwaukee, WI. The proposed project wiH replace the fire alarm system and extend and 
upgrade the fire suppression system. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction 
and Management & Inspection) ................................ $12,991~000 
MajQr Work Items 
Fire protection upgrades; hazardous materials abatement; interior construction 
Protect Budget 
Design .................................................................................................. ., ........... $ 1,0691000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) .................................................................... 1 I ,205,000 
Management and Inspection (M&f) .................................................. - ....................... 717.000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) ........................................................... $12,991,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the. standard 
normally provided by GSA. 
Schedule 
Design and Construction 
Building Start 
FY2018 End 
FY 2020 
The FB/CT in Milwaukee, WI, is a five~story, granite structure originally constructed 
between 1892 and 1899 and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Between 
1929 and 1932, a five-story addition was erected to the south of the original building, 
which was increased in height to seven stories during the 1940s. The FB/CT, including 
the addition, has 543,510 gross square feet of space. Each corner of the original building 
features a short, round tower with a conical roof and a skylight atrium in the center. The building 
also features an open~air light court at its center that extends down to the roof of 
the first floor. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5894 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/43  EH280618.034lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL BUILDING AND U.S. COURTHOUSE MILWAUKEE, 
WI 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
Tenant Agencies PBS 
PWI-0044-MI 18 
4 
Judiciary, Department of Justice, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Tax Court, 
Congress~ Senate~ Social Security Administration, and GSA 
Proposed Project 
The proposed project will replace the building fire alarm system and add both audio and visual alarms 
as required by GSA and National Fire Protection Association guidelines. The project also 
will extend sprinkler service to those areas of the building that are not currently protected 
and will replace any existing sprinkler heads nearing the end of their useful 
life. Hazardous materials, including asbestos and lead-based paint, that directly impact 
the project, will be abated. Interior repairs incidental to replacing and upgrading the fire protection 
system also will be completed 
Major Work Items Fire Protection 
Upgrades 
Hazardous Materials Abatement Interior Construction 
Total ECC Justification $ 8,310,000 1,900,000 995,000 $11,205,000 
The FB/CT's tire alarm system is nearing the end of its useful life. The main tire alarm panel displays frequent false alarms 
and repair parts are difficult to obtain. There are problems 
with the annunciator's clarity, speaker zones in the building do not meet code requirements, 
and areas of the building do not have visual and audible fire alarm devices. The current sprinkler system does not provide protection 
in all areas of the building and the sprinkler heads are nearing 
the end of their useful lives. 
Summarv of Energv Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum perfonnance criteria. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5895 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/44  EH280618.035lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL BUILDING AND U.S. COURTHOUSE MILWAUKEE, 
WI 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Atmrovals 
None Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years) Prospectus 
PWI-0044-MI16 Description 
Fa9ade repair and restoration FY 
2016 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) PBS 
PWI-0044-MI18 
4 
Amount 
$26,151,000 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the. cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost ()f leasing or constructing a new 
building. Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5896 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/45  EH280618.036lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL BUILDING AND U.S. COURTHOUSE 
MILWAUKEE, WI 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PWI-0044-MllS 
4 Certification of 
Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on-~--~-~~---~~·~~~-~-~-
Recommended:=~-=-----~- =----Ji;4_-..... • ·~~-·:::.::.·...::.·-·..,.... .. 4 .. ~--_· -.:;.;.~_._-.L.....::.=-· _..·-c...···.,...'_·---~-----~--··~'---,.---~.--~--~~~~~ 
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Ser\rice 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5897 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —LEWIS F . POWELL , JR. U.S. 
COURTHOUSE AND U .S. COURTHOUSE ANNEX , 
RICHMOND , VA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for upgrading the exterior enve-lope at the Lewis F. Powell, Jr. U.S. Court-house and Courthouse Annex located at 1100 E. Main Street in Richmond, Virginia at a design cost of $80,000, an estimated construc-tion cost of $10,683,000 and a management and inspection cost of $914,000 for a total es-timated project cost of $11,677,000, a pro-spectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5898 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/47  EH280618.037lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
LEWIS F. POWELL, JR. U.S. COURTHOUSE 
AND U.S. COURTHOUSE ANNEX 
RICHMOND, VA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
FY 2018 Project Summary PBS 
PV A-0063-RI18 
03 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
upgrade the exterior envelope of the Lewis F. Powell, Jr., U.S. Courthouse and 
Courthouse Annex (Powell Complex) at 1100 E. Main Street in Richmond, VA. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(Design, Construction and Management & Inspection) ............................... $11,677,000 
Major Work Items 
Roof replacement/repairs; window replacement/repairs; plumbing upgrades/repairs; and interior construction/abatement 
Project Budget 
Additional Design ......................................................... _ ................................ $ 80,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ............................................................... 1 0,683,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ................................................................... 914,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) .......................... ~ ................................ $11,677,000 Schedule 
Construction 
Building Start 
FY2018 End 
FY2020 
The Powell Complex is composed of the Lewis F. Powell, Jr. U.S. Courthouse 
(Courthouse) and the Lewis F. Powell, Jr. U.S. Courthouse Annex (Annex). The Powell Complex 
is located in the historic downtown area of Richmond, VA. The Courthouse 
was originally constructed in 1858 and is one of the oldest buildings in GSA's inventory. The Annex was built 
in 1936 directly adjacent to the Courthouse. The two buildings are 
listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The buildings share systems and infrastructure and are physically connected at the basement level and by a third floor walkway. The Powell 
Complex, which formerly housed all of the U.S. Court functions in 
the city of Richmond, primarily serves the needs of the U.S. Court of Appeals. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5899 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/48  EH280618.038lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Tenant Agencies PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
LEWIS F. POWELL, JR. U.S. COURTHOUSE 
AND U.S. COURTHOUSE ANNEX 
RICHMOND, VA Prospectus 
Number: Congressional District: PBS 
PV A -0063-RI18 
03 
Judiciary, Department of Justice, Social Security Administration, and GSA 
Proposed Project 
The Powell Complex roof project has four primary areas of focus intended to remedy active leaks damaging the interior spaces: the terra cotta roof system,· flat roof areas, the gutter system, and storm drains. The scope for the terra cotta 
roof area includes replacement 
of the terra cotta tile and wood supports. The underlying concrete deck will be intensively repaired. The scope for the flat roofs includes the replacement 
of all of the existing roof areas. The cornice gutter system scope includes the installation 
of a coating system and related system repairs. The plumbing scope includes relining the existing rain leaders. The windows at both the Courthouse and the Annex are in need 
of significant rehabilitation 
to maintain the irttegrity of the building envelopes and to improve thermal performance. The windows in the worst condition may require immediate rehabilitation 
to mitigate the potential for complete failure, if observed conditions continue to deteriorate or to backfill vacant space. The rehabilitation will include reuse and restoration, where possible, and replacement, where required. The work is not expected 
to have an adverse effect on the historic integrity of the building. 
Major Work Items 
Roof Replacement/Repairs Windows Replacement/Repairs 
Plumbing Upgrades/Repairs Interior Construction and Abatement 
TotalECC 
Justification $ 5,826,000 2,824,000 1,369,000 664,000 
$10,683,000 
The roofing and related systems are beyond their useful lives. The existing conditions allow for leaks that are causing interior damage and impacting the buildings' operations. The bulk 
of the windows are in very poor condition, with some units requiring immediate attention. Continued deterioration 
of the windows will force additional replacements instead 
ofreuse and rehabilitation and further decrease energy efficiency. Completing the roof and window system rehabilitations under the same project affords operational efficiencies for 
the buildings' tenants and financial efficiencies for the Government. 
.2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5900 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/49  EH280618.039lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTEEA TION 
LEWIS F. POWELL, JR. U.S. COURTHOUSE 
AND U.S. COURTHOUSE ANNEX 
RICHMOND, VA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
Summary of Energy Compliance PBS 
PV A-0063-RI18 
03 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years) 
Prospectus Description 
PVA-0062-RI14 . OSCBackfill FY 
2014 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) Aniount 
$3,907,000 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of constructing a new building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5901 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/50  EH280618.040lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
LEWIS F. POWELL, JR. U.S. COURTHOUSE 
AND U.S. COURTHOUSE ANNEX 
RICHMOND, VA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Certification ofNeed PBS 
PV A-00.63-RI18 
03 
The proposed project is the best solution to me~t a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on--~----.......-,-~----,--------
Recommended:-------~__...!:.~·-·=---·-·-~··<-·-...::.·~--'--'-'."'-·.~··:;....·,.....·-· ____ ' ____ _ · 
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service · 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5902 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —IRS SERVICE CENTER , OGDEN , UT Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for interior repairs, upgrade of aging building systems and infrastructure, site work, hazardous materials abatement, and life safety upgrades at the U.S. Depart-ment of the Treasury Internal Revenue Serv-ice Center located at 1160 West 1200 South in Ogden, Utah of at a design cost of $4,080,000, an estimated construction cost of $45,074,000 and a management and inspection cost of $2,087,000 for a total estimated project cost of $51,241,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5903 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/52  EH280618.041lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
IRS SERVICE CENTER 
OGDEN, UT Prospectus 
Number: Congressional District: 
FY 2018 Project Summuy PBS PUT-0036-0G18 
1 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for the 
U.S. Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Service Center at 
1160 West 1200 South, Ogden, UT. Alteration of this 50-year old building includes interior repairs, upgrade 
of aging building systems and infrastructure, site work, hazardous materials abatement, and life safety upgrades. 
FY 2018 Committee Apprqval and Appropriation Requested 
(Design, Construction and Management & Inspection) ............................... $51,241,000 
Major Work Items 
Interior finishes; site upgrades; electrical replacement; ·partial roof replacement; hazardous materials abatement; seismic upgrades; heating, ventilation and air conditioning 
(HV A C) replacement; life safety upgrades; interior construction; and exterior closnre repairs. 
Estimated Project Budget 
Estimated Design .......................................................................................... $ 4,080,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ............................................................. .45,074,000 
Estimated Management and Inspection (M&l) ............................................ 2,087,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ............................................ : ............ $51,241,000 
*Tenant agency may fund an additional amount· for' tenant improvements above the standard normally provided 
by GSA. 
Schedule 
Design and Construction Building Start 
FY 2018 End 
FY2022 
The IRS Service Center, constructed in 1966, is a single-story brick building with 
504,7 41 gross square feet located on a 60-acre site. The building accounts for over two­thirds 
of the federally owned inventory in Ogden, UT, and serves as the western regional hub for small business tax processing, national printing 
center, and national computing center. The building operates 24 hours a day, 7 days a 
week, and provides work space for approximately 
2,500 federal employees. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5904 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/53  EH280618.042lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Tenant Agencies PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
IRS SERVICE.CENTER OGDEN, 
UT. 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PBS 
PUT -0036-0G 18 
1 
IRS and Department of the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration 
Proposed Project 
Interior finishes impacted by the mechanical, electrical, plumbing, and structural upgrades will 
be replaced. Site work includes replacement and repairs to the asphalt parking lot, curbs, sidewalks, and sewage laterals. Landscaping will 
be updated to achieve 
50% xeriscaping around the building and all Architectural Barriers Act Accessibility 
Standards-(ABAAS) deficiencies will be addressed in the parking lot and supporting ramps. The electrical distribution system will be replaced, including all transformers, control panels and motor centers. New exit lighting and a fire alarm system 
wifl be installed. The roof on the south bays of tbe building will be replaced. Hazardous materials encountered during construction will be abated. 
Seismic upgrades will be 
completed in areas ancillary to the project. HVAC work includes replacing the heating system, heating· 
and cooling coils, piping, packaged units, controls, and the plumbing system for chilled water, hot water 
arid sanitary piping. A building automation system and metering also will be installed. Life safety upgrades include replacing sprinkler heads, reconfiguring the supply piping and installing bracing. 
Interio~ construction will replace 
non-ABAAS compliant hardware, restroom fixtures, ramps, and emerg~ncy 
egress lighting. Exterior closure work includes replacement of select windows and doors and exterior resealing. 
Major Work Items 
Interior Finishes 
Site Upgrades Electrical Replacement 
Roof Partial Replacement Hazardous Materials Abatement 
Seismic Upgrades 
HV AC Replacement Life 
Safety Upgrades 
Interior Construction Exterior Closure Repairs 
TotalECC .$ 9,356,000 7,749,000 7,548,000 7,499,000 3,742,000 3,489,000 2,972,000 1,623,000 675,000 421,000 $45,074,000 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5905 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/54  EH280618.043lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Justification PROSPECTUS- ALTEMTION 
IRS SERVICECENTER 
OGDEN, UT 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PBS 
PUT -0036-0G 18 
1 
The IRS Service Center has not undergone significant reinvestment since originally constructed 
in 1966. Many of its systems no longer meet the current code requirements or have exceeded their useful lives and replacement parts are expensive and difficult 
to 
find. The current electrical system is inefficient, is not consistent with the National Electric Code, and is not appropriately supported for the current loads 
or fully functional. Replacement 
of electrical components will reduce maintenance costs and improve energy efficiency, safety and reliability. The fire alarm system is obsolete, unreliable 
and 
replacement parts are not available. The south portion of the roof was not addressed as 
part of the project funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and leaks. Replacement 
of this section will prevent long-term structural and interior damage. 
Most of the piping and mechanical systemsare past their useful lives, parts are expensive and some segments 
of the heating system have been taken offline because the system is 
no longer supported. Interior spaces will be impacted by the project and repairs and 
upgrades will be completed to make the affected space fully functional. Repairing the 
considerable erosion, potholes, cracking, and breakage in the exterior surface areas will eliminate hazards and meet accessibility standards. Life safety upgrades 
will provide code compliant protection for the building's 
2,500 personnel. Sealing and replacing selected windows and doors 
will improve energy efficiency and increase tenant comfort. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Pdor Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years) Prospectus 
111-5 (ARRA) Description FY 
High Performance Green Buildings, 2009 
lighting control upgrades, building tune up, 
recommissioning, cool roof installation Amount 
$5,470,000 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5906 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/55  EH280618.044lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
IRS SERVICE CENTER 
OGDEN,.UT · 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) PUT -003 6-0G 18 
1 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5907 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/56  EH280618.045lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION IRS SERVICE 
CENTER 
OGDEN, UT 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District PUT-0036-0G 18 
1 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ---'--.......c...--........c...~----------
Recommended: ----c----~-:-"'-'·c:.·_:_~. -'-~-. ·'---·~··"""~-·_....·· ·,_,·· ~·...-~·:o-· _· ...... ·-c-·~· .. _:_· ___ _ 
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5908 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.020 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/57  EH280618.046lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
December 2016 Housing Plan 
Internal Revenue Service, Service Center 
CURRENT 
Personnel 
Usable Square Feet (USF) I Personnel 
Office Total Office 
Storal!e Snecial Total Office Total 
rnment Owned Location 
;ervice Center -Ogden, UT 
ury -Internal Revenue Service Center National Office 
2,500 
2,500 313,116 
16,912 
54,247 
384,275 2,500 
2,500 ury -
Inspector General for Tax Administration 10 10 4,584 - - 4,584 10 
10 Office 
313,116 
4,584 PROPOSED PUT-0036-0G 18 
Ogden, UT 
Usable Square Feet (USF) I 
Storage Special 
16,912 
54,247 -
I --2,510 
---·----~--- .. -~--------- 2,510 317,700 16,912 
54,247 
388,859 2,510 
2,510 317,'700 ............... _1(},912 54247 
ing Office Tenants uilding Tenants 
'ES: Office Utilization Rate 
Total Building USF Rate Current Office UR excludes 69,894 usf of office support space. Proposed Office UR excludes 69,894 usf of office support space. means 
the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. ce Utilization 
Rate= total office space available for office personnel. UR calculation excludes office 
support space USF . 
.I Building USF Rate= total building USF (office, storage, special) available for all building occupants (office, and non-office personnel). Special Space 
ADP 
Conference/Training Child 
Care 
Food Services 
Health Unit 
Restroom 
Total Total 
384,275 4,584 
388 859 
USF 
23,850 7,749 
6,580 
14;974 893 
201 
54,247 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5909 June 28, 2018 
AMENDED COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING , 
SEATTLE , WA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to restore the deteriorated exte-rior fac¸ade to stop material degradation and water intrusion into the building and replace the roof on the wing and dome shoulder at the Federal Office Building located at 909 1st Avenue in Seattle, Washington at an addi-tional design cost of $351,000 an additional estimated construction cost of $3,377,000 and a reduction of the management and inspec-tion cost of $344,000 for an additional project cost of $3,384,000 and a total estimated project cost of $24,234,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this res-olution. This resolution amends the author-ization of the Committee on July 23, 2015 for Prospectus No. PWA–0036–SE16. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5910 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/59  EH280618.047lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
SEATTLE, WA PBS 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PWA-0036-SE 18 
7 
FY 2018 Project Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
restore exterior deficiencies at the historic Federal Office Building, located at 909 1st 
Avenue, Seattle, W A. The project wifl restore the deteriorated exterior fa9ade to stop 
material degradation and water intrusion into the building and replace the roof on the 
wing and dome shoulder. 
Project Background 
This project was among those included in prior year submissions for the Capital 
Investment and Leasing Program. Although the prospectus was approved by the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the 
Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate on July 23, 2015, and 
January 20, 2016, respectively, GSA's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Major Repairs & 
Alterations Expenditure Plan did not allocate any funds to the project. GSA is requesting approval 
of an amended prospectus to increase the total estimated cost of the project by 
$3,384,000 to account for cost escalations. There is no change in the overall scope of the 
project. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval Requested 
{Design, Construction and Management & Inspection) ................................. $3,384,000 
FY 2018 Committee Appropriation Requested {Design, Construction 
and Management & Inspection) ............................... $24,234,000 
Major Work Items 
Exterior construction; roof replacement; hazardous materials abatement; and energy improvements 
Project Budget 
Design ......................................................................................................... $ 2,041,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) .............................................................. 20,892,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ................................................................ 1 JO 1 ,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ......................................................... $24,234,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided by 
GSA. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5911 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/60  EH280618.048lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Schedule 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
SEATTLE, WA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: Design and Construction 
Start 
FY 2018 
Building PBS 
PW A-0036-SE 18 
7 
End 
· FY 2020 
The Federal Office Building, constructed in 1933, is listed in the National Register of 
Historic Places and provides approximately 305,000 gross square feet over 11 stories, including 
sub-baseme~t and basement levels. There are 53 indoor parking spaces located in the sub-basement level. The building is located across the street from 
the Henry M. 
Jackson Federal Building. 
Tenant Agencies Department 
of Housing and Urban Development, Department of the Interior, Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission, Department of Energy, Department of Health and Human 
Services, Department of Veteran Affairs, U.S. Postal Service, and Department of 
Defense 
Proposed Proiect 
The proposed project will restore the deteriorated exterior facade to stop material degradation and water intrusion into the building. 
The project will clean the exterior masonry 
of all biological growth and inspect, repair, and repaint the mortar joints, granite, brick, and terra cotta to provide protection 
from water penetration and prevent dislodging and debris from falling onto the sidewalk below. The project also will replace 
. the roof on the wing and dome shoulder, install fall arrest systems, restore steel windows by stripping exterior paint, removing all corrosion, replacing broken glass, installing new glazing 
putty, restoring the aluminum panels, adq low-E film and solar shades on south 
and-west facing windows to help with energy' efficiency, and abate hazardous materials, 
as necessary. 
Malor Work Items 
Exterior Restoration Energy Improvements 
Roof Replacement Hazardous Materials Abatement 
.Totai·ECC $16,177,000 1,917,000 
1,467,000 
1,331,000 
$20,892,000 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5912 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/61  EH280618.049lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Justification AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING SEATTLE, 
WA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PW A-0036-SE 18 
7 The proposed restoration project 
will restore the deteriorated exterior facade to stop material degradation and water intrusion into the building, thereby protecting the tenants 
and the general public. · There are multiple locations on the exterior envelope where 
materia1s have decayed due to water infiltration in the interior wall cavity, causing damage and biological growth 
oq the masonry. The window putty is deteriorated and the steel 
casing surrounding the windows is corroding causing glass to break. The roof on 
the wing and shoulder dome is deteriorated and does not have a fall arrest system. Wtthout restoration; the exterior materials 
win continue . to degrade, compromising the building structure and putting pedestrians 
and tenants at risk from falling debris. 
Summarv of Encrgv Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
tile Public Buildings Sen,ice. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and 
watet efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus"Level Projects in Building (past 10 vearsl 
None 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analvsis) 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. 
· 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5913 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/62  EH280618.050lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING SEATTLE, 
WA PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PWA-0036-SElS 
7 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ........ -~~--~~=~~~~~~~~ 
Recommended:..,...._,~~-- .. ·-·-..... ~--·~---·~--'--·--~--.-.-f.,· ___ ·-...... -.·-.~----"'-. .;.....· =_-_· __ : __ -~·-· -~---:~:~--~~~ 
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
~ '/) . 
Approved:~~----:-- ~-C ....... l:;.,..,_,..-"'""':'"w~~-~-_..,._-·---&~\_,_,. ___ ~~-~-................ · ·~~-. ..........,.--
Acting Admi~, General Services Administration 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5914 June 28, 2018 
AMENDED COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —PACIFIC HIGHWAY U .S. LAND PORT  
OF ENTRY , BLAINE , WA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to resolve exterior envelope defi-ciencies and promote energy savings at the Pacific Highway U.S. Land Port of Entry lo-cated in Blaine, Washington at an additional design cost of $657,000 an additional esti-mated construction cost of $5,016,000 and an additional management and inspection cost of $357,000 for an additional project cost of $6,030,000 and a total estimated project cost of $17,960,000, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on March 2, 2016 for Pro-spectus No. PWA–00BN-BL16. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5915 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/64  EH280618.051lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA· 
AMENDE.f.J PROSPECTUS- AL TERAT~ON 
PACIFIC HIGHWAY U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY BLAINE, 
WA PBS 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PW A-OOBN.:Btl 8 
1 
FY 2018 Project Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to resolve exterior envelope deficiencies and promote energy savings 
at the Pacific 
Highway U.S. Land Port of Entry (LPOE) located in Blaine, WA. 
Project Background 
This project was among those included in prior year submissions for the Capital Investment and Leasing 
Program. Although the prospectus was approved by the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and 
Public Works of the Senate on March 2, 2016, and January 
20, 2016, respectively, GSA's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Major Repairs & 
Alterations Expenditure Plan did not allocate any funds to the project. GSA is requesting approval 
of an amended prospectus to increase the total estimated cost of the project by 
$6,030,000 to account for cost escalations. There is no change in the overall scope of the project. 
FY 2018 Committee ApprovalReguested (Design, Construction and Management 
& Inspection) ................. : ............... $6,030,000 
FY 2018 Committee Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction and Management 
& Inspection) ............................... $17,960,000 
Major Work Items 
Exterior construction; roof and electrical replacement; demolition; interior finishes and construction; and 
heaJ;ing, ventilation and air conditioning (HV A C), fire protection and plumbing repairs 
Project Budget 
Design ............................ ~ ............................................................................. $ 1,687,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ............. ~ ................................................ 14,972,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ................................................................ 1,30 1,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) ........................................................... $17,960,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
nonilally provided by GSA. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5916 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/65  EH280618.052lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AME:NDED PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
PACIFIC HIGiiw AY U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
BLAINE, WA PBS 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PWA-OOBN-BL18 
1 
Schedule 
Design and Construction Building Start 
FY 2018 End 
FY2020 
The Pacific Highway LPOE, constructed in 1999, is the largest commercial LPOE in the 
State of Washington and processes inbound and outbound automobiles, buses, and commercial traffic from arterial roads that connect to 
Interstate 5. Pacific Highway 
LPOE houses several Federal agencies and operates 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. The 11.8-acre 
LPOE site contains two buildings: the Auto-Bus building and the Cargo building. The Auto-Bus building 
is a one-stor)' automobile and bus processing building with 30,418 gross square feet 
(GSF) of space, inc\uding canopies. The Cargo building is 
a three-story commercial inspection and administration building with a single-story warehouse wing. The building has 67,013 
GSF of space, including canopies. Tenant Agencies Department 
of Bomeland Security -Customs and Border Protection; Department of 
Agriculture- Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service; Department of the Interior­
Fish and Wildlife Service; Department of Health and Human Services -Food and Drug Administration; and 
GSA 
Proposed Project 
The project will install a new exterior wall system and roof, and improve energy performance. The exterior envelope will be upgraded to stop water intrusion and involves deconstruction and reconstruction 
of exterior walls, installation of waterproofing materials, and improvements 
to the insulation. This work will impact multiple building systems that interface with the exterior walls. These systems include electrical, plumbing, interior finishes, fire protection, and HV AC. After the wall system 
is replaced, the HV AC system will be tested and rebalanced. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5917 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/66  EH280618.053lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
PACIFIC HIGHWAY U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
BLAINE, WA PBS 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PW A-OOBN-BL18 
1 
Major Work Items 
Exterior Construction Roof Replacement 
Demolition 
Electrical Replacement 
HV AC Repairs Interior Finishes 
and Construction 
Plumbing Repairs Fire Protection Repairs 
TotalECC 
Justification $10,850,000 2,115,000 958,000 400,000 319,000 285,000 24,000 
2LOOO 
$14,972,000 
The existing exterior envelope in the Cargo and Auto-Bus buildings lacks a moisture barrier, which 
is enabling water to infiltrate and causing interior finish deterioration and mold growth. Water enters the walls 
at multiple locations, including gaps in cedar and corrugated metal cladding and through roofing screws that have penetrated insulation and 
building paper. These deficiencies, coupled with failing aluminum window wall gaskets 
and single pane translucent panels, contribute to the buildings' poor thermal performance and occupant discomfort 
at the bl,.lildings' perimeter. New thermal insulation will be installed where existing systems are water damaged, missing, or required by building code. Thermal insulation also will 
be incorporated into the exterior envelope systems to improve energy perfonnance: Replacement 
of the exterior walls will interface with and impact other building systems, including exterior lighting, electrical outlets (both interior and exterior), plumbing runs in exterior walls, 
fire sprinkler heads along exterior walls, and fire alarm speakers. The proposed work 
will require associated repairs to these systems. Interior finishes and construction work 
will address water-damaged areas and those areas disturbed 
in connection with the replacement of the building envelope. While 
these measures are not intended solely to iinprove tenant comfort, it is expected that tenant comfort will increase 
as a result of the imp~oved material condition of the building and overall perfonnance 
of the new building envelope. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5918 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/67  EH280618.054lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
PACIFIC iUGHWAY U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
BLAINE, WA PBS 
.Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PW A-OOBN-BL18 
1 
Prior Appropriations None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Pdor Committee Approvals 
Committee Date Amount Pul"pose 
SenateEPW 1/20/16 $11,930,000 Design, C<instruction, M&I HouseT&I 
3/2116 $11,930,000 Design, Construction, M&I 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 vears) None Alternatives Considered 
(30-year, present valne cost analysis) There are no feasible alternatives 
to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5919 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/68  EH280618.055lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS ,...ALTERATION 
PACIFIC IDGHWAY U.S. LAND PORT OF ENTRY 
BLAINE, WA PBS 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PWA-OOBN-BL18 
1 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. May 
17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on-----------~-----
Recommended:-~---:-----=--__;~"::"""·.~· -=--~_:_:.-· .+-: ··.-::-::-· ~~:._--"7; -=::...- ·:.,:::::-· ·~.·-· --:--·_: ___ _ 
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5920 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
BUILDING ACQUISITION —AMERICAN RED CROSS  
BUILDING PURCHASE , 2025 E STREET , NW, 
WASHINGTON , DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the acqui-sition of the American Red Cross Building located at 2025 E Street NW in Washington, DC at a total estimated project cost of $160,000,000, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5921 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/70  EH280618.056lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS:- BUILDING ACQUISITION 
AMERICAN RED CROSS BUILDING PURCHASE 
2025 E STREET, NW 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
Prospectus Number: PDC-DCRC-WAI6 
FY2016 Project Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes the acquisition ofthe American Red Cross (ARC) Building located 
at 2025 E Street NW, Washington, DC in support of CU!Tent and future operations for the 
U.S. Department of State (DOS) and potentially other Federal agencies. The American Red Cross facility is located on Federal land under a ground lease agreement. 
GSA 
currently leases nine floors, or 347,000 rsf of the building on behalf of the DOS under a lease that expires on June 
30, 2020. The ARC occupies the balance of the building and ARC has indicated that they are planning 
to move and convey the building for a fair market value price of 
$315,500,000. The DOS is interested in occupying the balance of the building and has agreed to contribute approximately one-half 
of the purchase price or $155,500,000. 
FY2016 Committee Approval Requested 
(Building Acquisition) ......................................................................... $315,500,000 
FY2016 Committee Appropriation Requested 
(Building Acquisition) ........................................................................ $160,000,000* 
*The DOS has agreed to provide the balance of the funds needed to purchase the building. 
BuTidmg 
The ARC Building is situated on approximately two acres of federal land under the administrative control and jurisdiction 
of GSA and provides 808,000 gross square feet/540,000 
rentable square feet of Class A office space. The building has a total of 12 stories of office space, 2 
of which are located below grade and approximately 400 parking spaces on two below­
grade levels. Built in 
2002, the building, which serves as the national headquarters for ARC, is located in the west end 
of downtown Washington, DC on the north side of Constitution Avenue facing the National Mall, amidst many prominent federal properties including the Stewart Lee 
Udall· 
(Interior), Harry S. Truman (State), Theodore Roosevelt (OPM), U.S. General Services Administration buildings. The building is 
in Foggy Bottom sub-market and is in close proximity 
to DOS' Main Headquarters Building 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5922 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/71  EH280618.057lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- BUILDING ACQUISITION AMERICAN RED 
CROSS BUILDING PURCHASE 2025 
ESTREET,NW 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
Prospectus Number: PDC-DCRC-WA 16 
Protect Budget 
Building Acquisition ................. , ................... : ................................. $315.500.000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ................................................... $315,500,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the standard nonnally 
provided by OSA. 
Schedule Building Acquisition 
Overview of Project Start 
FY2016 End 
FY2016 
This project consists of the acquisition of the 12 story 808,500 gross-square-foot building and 
excludes acquisition of the building's site as it is already government-owned. The building will 
continue to house DOS functions currently in the building and provides the opportunity to 
consolidate other State functions that are currently housed in leased locations. The building is in 
good condition with well-maintained systems that are in good operating order with no major operating issues or 
concerns. The agreed upon acquisition cost of $315,500,000 will be split 
funded by OSA and DOS. 
Tepant Agencies 
U.S. Deparbnent of State (DOS) 
Justification 
DOS portfolio is currently facing a series of challenges as a result of recent world events that have impacted their mission 
and real estate and economic conditions, including a shortage of 
space near the Main State Building. DOS needs a long term plan in which high rental rate costs 
can be controlled with long tenn real estate strategies. DOS' organizational structure and 
required adjacencies - Key offices and personnel require close proximity to the Secretariat, 
Regional and Functional bureaus. 
OSA has the opportunity to execute the purchase of a quality Class A property located in a 
highly desirable area, at a very competitive market price. The building is ideally located for 
DOS given its proximity to DOS headquarters and DOS's desire to locate in the area and 
consolidate its operations. OSA currently leases 1,843,038 square feet of space in the Foggy 
Bottom submarket, of which 824,000 square feet of space has been leased for the occupancy and 
use of the State Department. If the purchase is executed as proposed, the Federal government 
would eliminate $12 million in annual private sector lease costs. Purchase at this juncture would 
allow for GSA and DOS to avoid lease re-competitions for subject space with expiration of the 
current lease term in June 2020. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5923 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/72  EH280618.058lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- BUILDING ACQUISITION 
AMERICAN RED CROSS BUILDING PURCHASE 2025 E 
STREET, NW 
WASH'INGTON, DC PBS 
Prospectus Number: PDC~DCRC- W A 16 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Alternatives Considered (30-year Present Value Costs) 
Lease ............................................................................................... $607,806,000 
New Construction ................................................................................ $653,892,000 
Purchase ..................................................................................... $485,031,000 
The 30~year, present value cost of purchase is $122,776,000 less than the cost of leasing with an 
equivalent annual cost advantage of$7,014,000. 
Recommendation 
ACQUISITION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5924 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.021 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/73  EH280618.059lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- BUILDING ACQUISITION AMERICAN 
RED CROSS BUILDING PURCHASE 2025 
E STREET, NW 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
Prospectus Number: PDC-DCRC-WAI6 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ ___...El.soeb"""Dio.l.'""~~....~.2..,.,-"'-'20"""1~.....~5~--------
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5925 June 28, 2018 
AMENDED COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —911 FEDERAL BUILDING , 
PORTLAND , OR Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade the electrical system at the 911 Federal Building located at 911 NE 11th Avenue in Portland, Oregon at an addi-tional design cost of $57,000, an additional es-timated construction cost of $811,000 and a reduction of the management and inspection cost of $154,000 for an additional project cost of $714,000 and a total estimated project cost of $8,153,000, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorizations of the Committee on February 28, 2013 and July 16, 2014 for Prospectuses Nos. PEX–00001 and POR–0033–PO15. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5926 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/75 EH280618.060lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA AMENDED 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
911 FEDERAL BUILDING PORTLAND, 
OR 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
FY 2018 Project Summary PBS 
POR-0033-P018 
3 The General Services 
Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to upgrade the electrical system in the 911 Federal Building located at 911 
NE 11th A venue, Portland, 
OR. Alterations include upgrades to the electrical system to meet current code requirements and improve serviceability. 
Project Background 
This project was among those included in prior year submissions for the Capital Investment and Leasing Program. Although the prospectus was approved 
by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public 
Works of the Senate on July 16, 2014, and May 18, 2016, respectively, 
GSA's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Major Repairs & Alterations Expenditure 
Plan did not allocate any funds to the project. GSA is requesting approval of 
an amended prospectus to increase the total estimated cost of the project by $714,000 to 
account for cost escalations. There is no change in the overall scope of the project. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval Requested (Design, Construction, and Management 
& Inspecdon) ................................... $714,000 
FY 2018 Committee Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, and Management & Inspection) .... 
: ........................... $8,153,000 
Major Work Items 
Electrical system upgrade 
Project Budget 
Design ............................................................................................................ $ 740,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ................................................................ 6,894,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ................................................................... 519,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ........................................................... $8,153,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alteration~ above the standard normally provided 
by GSA. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5927 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/76 EH280618.061lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Schedule 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS -ALTERATION 
911 FEDERAL BUILDING 
PORTLAND, OR 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: Design and Construction 
Start 
FY 2018 
Building PBS 
POR-0033-P018 
3 
End 
FY2020 
Constructed in 1953, the 911 Federal Building is an eight-story, steel-framed structure with 312,447 gross square feet 
of space. The basement levef has one level of 
underground parking with 83 spaces. The 911 Federal Building is connected to and shares infrastructure with the neighboring Bonneville 
Power Administration Federal Building 
and, together, they are known as the Eastside Federal Complex. 
Tenant Agencies 
Congress, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Department of Energy, Department of Labor, Department 
of the Interior, Department of Homeland Security, and GSA 
Proposed Project 
The proposed project consists of upgrades to the electrical distribution system to me~t 
current code and improve serviceability. In addition, a lightning protection system will be installed, and sub-metering 
will be installed at strategic locations throughout the building 
to aid with energy conservation. · 
Major Work Items 
Electrical System Upgrades Energy Improvements Fire and Life-Safety Upgrades 
Total ECC 
.Justification $6,632,000 178,000 84,000 
$6,894,000 
The· electrical distribution system is original to the 1953 construction of the building and at the end 
of its useful life. The parts are no longer manufactured; therefore, when replacement parts 
are needed, parts have to be fabricated at great expense to the Government and repairs cause service interruptions for extended periods 
of time. A major equipment failure would result in an extended building outage. 
While undertaking these upgrades, sub-metering will be installed at strategic locations throughout the building 
to aid with energy conservation. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5928 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/77 EH280618.062lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
911 FEDERAL BUILDING 
PORTLAND, OR 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: POR-0033-PO 18 
3 
The building does not have a lightning protection system and a facility condition assessment indicated that the building has a moderate to high risk 
per National Fire 
Protection Association 780 standards. 
Summary of Energy Compliance This project 
will be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Committee Date Amount Purpose 
SenateEPW 5/18/2016 $7,439,000 Design, Coristiuction and 
M&I 
HouseT&I 7/16/14 $7,439,000 Design, Construction and M&I 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years) 
Prospectus 
111-5 (ARRA) Description FY 
High Performance Green Building, 2010 
including HV AC upgrades and green 
roof installation · 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost anaiysis) Amount 
$4,079,000 
There areno feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
Certification of Need 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5929 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/78 EH280618.063lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
911 FEDERAL BUILDING. 
PORTLAND, OR 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: POR-0033-P018 
3 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _______ __:_ ________ _ 
Recommended:----.........,--·'=-~___, .. _· ·-·-·.,-· +c:---~::..;..·_.c- ... -=·=-·""".· =--·--·_·----:- .. -:----­
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5930 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —ANTHONY J . CELEBREZZE  
FEDERAL BUILDING , CLEVELAND , OH Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to renovate and provide consoli-dated space for the Veterans Benefits Admin-istration, the Department of Labor Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs and the Department of Education at the Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building located at 1240 E. 9th Street in Cleveland, Ohio at a design cost of $6,008,000, an estimated construction cost of $63,362,000 and a management and in-spection cost of $4,854,000 for a total esti-mated project cost of $74,224,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further,not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5931 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/80 EH280618.064lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
ANTHONY J. CELEBREZZE FEDERAL BUILDING 
CLEVELAND, Oil PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: POH-0 192-CL18 
11 
FY 2018 Project Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for 
the Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building (Celebrezze Building) located at 1240 E. -9th 
Street in Cleveland, OH. · The project will renovate and provide consolidated space in the. Celebrezze 
Building for the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA), the Department of 
Labor Office of Workers' Compensation Programs (OWCP) and the Department of 
Education (DoE). VBA is currently housed in the Celebrezze Building. OWCP and DoE 
are in privately owned leased space and will relocate into Celebrezze when the project is 
complete. The project will provide long~term housing solutions for all of the agencies. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, Management 
& Inspection) ..................................... $74,224,000 
Maior Work Items Interior 
construction; heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HV AC) and electrical upgrades/replacement; hazardous materials abatement; 
and life safety upgrades 
Project Budget 
Design .......................................................................................................... $ 6,008,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ..................... ~ ......................................... 63,362,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ................................................................. 4,854,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ......................................................... $74,224~000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the 
standard nonnally provided by GSA. 
Schedule 
Design and Construction Building Start 
FY 2018 End 
FY 2026 
The Celebrezze Building was built in 1966 and houses over 4,000 federal employees. 
The building has 1,471,000 gross square feet, including 331 inside parking spaces, and is 
located within the northeast section of downtown Cleveland. There are 32 floors and a mezzanine 
level above grade, a basement and a sub~basement. The building is eligible 
for listing in the National Register of Historic Places. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5932 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/81 EH280618.065lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION ANTHONY 
J. CELEBREZZE FEDERAL BUILDING 
CLEVELAND,OH PBS 
Prospectus Number~ 
Congres;;ional District; POH-0192-CL18 
11 
Tenant Agencies 
Department of Defense, VBA, Internal Revenue Service, Department of Homeland 
Security, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and the National Labor Relations Board. 
Proposed Project 
The project proposes the build-out of space in the Celebrezze Building to meet the long­
tenn needs of VBA, OWCP and DoE. The project scope includes relocation of several existing tenants within 
the building to provide VBA with contiguous space, thereby allowing 
the agency to administer services for veterans more efficiently. OWCP and 
DoE will be relocated from privately owned leased space into Celebrezze and consolidate their footprints. Existing space 
will be abated of all hazardous materials. A new ceiling, 
lighting, and fire and life safety systems will be installed. Mechanical and electrical 
systems will be upgraded or replaced1 as required, for build-out of the tenants' spaces. Minor plumbing repairs 
in tenant spaces and some restrooms will be completed. 
Major Work Items 
Interior Construction 
HV AC Upgrades/Replacement Electrical Upgrades/Replacement 
Life Safety Upgrades 
Demolition/Hazardous Materials Abatement 
Total ECC 
Justification $21,666,000 
11,309,000 . 12,993,000 
1,479,00() 
15,915,000 $63,362,000 VBA 
currently occupies approximately 113,000 usable square feet in the Celebrezze Building. They have been 
housed on the lOth through 13th floors of the federal building since 
it opened in 1966. Aside from minor space modifications and upgrades .to the 
building's mechanical systems, the VBA office space has not undergone a major renovation. 
The modernization will provide VBA with contiguous space that meets its current requirements 
and will assist them in providing veterans services more effectively. Hazardous materials 
abatement needs to be completed in the renovated spaces to· replace 
the ceiling, lighting and fireproofing, which are original to the building. OWCP and DoE 
will backfil1 space vacated by VBA 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5933 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/82 EH280618.066lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
ANTHONY J. CELEBREZZE FEDERAL BUILDING CLEVELAND, 
OH 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
Summary of Energy Compliance POH-0192-CLlS 
11 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Sta11dards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years} 
Prospectus Description FY 
P.L. (111-5) ARRA Replace Curtain Wall System 2009 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) Amount $117,849,000 
Alteration ............................................................................................. $! 09,204,000 
New Construction ......................................................... ~ ...................... $120,727.000 
Lease .................................................................................................... $171,354,000 
The 30-year, present value cost of alteration is $11,523,000 less than the cost of new 
construction with an equivalent annual cost advantage of$626,000. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5934 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/83 EH280618.067lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
ANTHONY J. CELEBREZZE FEDERAL BUILDING 
CLEVELAND~ OR PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: POH~O 1 92-CLl8 
11 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~· -~~----~ ........... ~~~~~~-~-
Recommended:---~-·---~..,...·...£...<··"""".-"-· ....:·.:;...·-cr.·..,..·-··..,.··~~-·""'· :y~:··.~-.:::...· ........ :...._· .·_"=·· ~. ·~·-:-~~~ 
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5935 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/84 EH280618.068lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
May 
2017 
Housing 
Plan Anthony 
J. 
Celebrezze Federal Building ·---
CURRENT Personnel Usable Square 
Feet 
(USF)
1 Office 
Total 
Office 
Storage 
Special 
Total Leased 
Locatlon(s) 1350 
Euclid Avenue Department 
ofEducation 
40 
40 "9,326 
-
9,326 1001 
Lakeside 
Avenue DOL~ 
Employment Standards Administration, 
Office ofWorkers
1 Compensation Programs 83 
83 
25,640 
-
25,640 Subtotal 
123 
123 34,966 
-
34,966 Federally-owned Location(s) Celebrezze 
Federal 
Building DOD 
-Army 
Recruiting Command 5 5 989 
-
989 DOC 
-National 
Oceanic 
Atmospheric Administration 1 l 
329 
329 DOJ 
-Federal 
Bureau oflnvestigation 341 
-
341 DOJ-
U.S. 
Marshals 
Service 
5 5 3,663 788 4,451 DOL-
Office 
ofinspector 
General 2 2 1,968 
-
1,968 DOL-
Offfice 
of 
Labor Management 
Standards 
9 
9 
2,726 2,726 DOL 
-Bureau 
ofLabor 
Statistics 9 9 2,256 
-
2,256· DOL-
Office 
of 
the 
Solicitor 
15 
!5 
5,358 
-
37! 
5,729 DOL-
Employment 
Standards 
Administration, 
Office 
of 
Workers' Compensation Programs 69 69 
!1,805 
-
2,457 14,262 DOL-
Employment 
Statndards 
Administration, Wage and Hour Division 
!I 
II 
1,480 
-
I 
1,480 DOD-
Chief 
ofNava1 Personnel 23 23 
6,040 
-
-
6,040 TD 
-Internal Revenue Service 393 393 
73,!16 
2,507 
8,933 84,556 TD-TIGTA 
2 2 
1,071 180 
!39 
1,390 VA-
Veterans Benefits Administration 
610 
6!0 
101,139 
3,763 7,833 112,734 Department ofEducation 
--
-DHS-U.S. Coast 
Guard 335 335 57,469 !,662 
6,065 
65,196 DHS -U.S. Cltizenship 
& 
Immigration Services 
50 
50 
!6,!05 
87 
220 
16,4!2 DHS-
National 
Protection 
& 
Programs Directorate FPS 
5 5 
3,!25 
1,500 
297 4,922 Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 
37 
37 
!5,760 
311 16,071 GSA-
Federal Executive Board 
1,8!2 
-
1,812 GSA-
Regional Federal Acquisition 
Service 
1 
I 
879 
-
879 GSA-
Public 
Buildings 
Service 
9 9 2,152 
-
2,152 National Labor Relations Board 
34 
34 !3,531 
-
828 14,359 DOD 
-Inspector 
General 44 44 
7,890 
-
1,102 8,992 DOD-
Defense Logistics Agency 3 3 3,885 
-
!93 
4,077 DOD-
Defense Civilian Personnel Advisory Service 1 
l 
139 139 DOD 
~Defense 
Financing and Accounting 
Service 
2,190 
2,!90 
335,50! 15,686 16,490 367,677 Railroad Retirement Board 7 
7 2,553 2,553 Social Security Administration 39 
39 
12,050 
278 
!,8!8 
14,146 CONGRESS -Senate 
5 
 5 1,298 -
-
1,298 U.S. Postal Service 
2 
2 2,197 
388 
637 3,223 U.S. 
Tax 
Court 
-
845 
-
2,759 
3,603 Joint 
Use 
34 68 16,552 2,250 48,792 67,594 Vacant -
43,835 
4,906 
6,295 55,036 Subtotal 
3,950 
3,984 749,859 
33,207 
106,328 889,392 Total 
4 073 4,107 
784,825 
33,207 106,328 
924 358 
Personnel Office 
Total ---
--- 5 5 1 
I -
-5 5 2 2 9 9 9 9 15 
15 152 ' 
!52 11 
11 27 
27 393 393 2 2 689 689 40 40 335 335 50 50 5 5 37 37 -
-l 
I 9 
9 34 
34 44 
44 3 3 l 
I 2,190 
2,!90 8 
8 39 
39 5 
5 2 2 34 68 4,157 
4,!91 4,157 4,191 
PROPOSED 
Usable Square Feet (USF) Office 
Storage 
Special 
--989 
-329 34! 
-
-3,663 
-
788 !,968 
-2,726 
-
-2,497 5,358 371 24,755 
900 
2,757 !,480 6,040 
-73,1!6 
2,507 
8,933 1,071 180 
139 73,820 
14,862 22,134 7,800 57,469 
1,662 6,065 16,!05 
87 
220 3,!25 
1,500 
297 15,760 
31! 1,8!2 
-
-879 2,152 13,53! 828 7,890 1,102 3,885 !93 139 
-335,50! 
15,686 
16,490 !,677 12,050 
278 
1,8!8 !,298 
-2,!97 
388 637 845 
-
2,759 16,552 2,250 
48,792 30,6!6 
4,906 
!!7 729,436 45,206 114,751 729,436 
45206 
114,751 
POH-0192-CLlS 
Cleveland, 
OH Total 
-989 329 341 4,451 1,968 2,726 2,497 5,729 28,4!2 !,480 6,040 84,556 1,390 110,816 
7,800 65,196 16,4!2 4,922 16,071 1,812 879 2,152 14,359 8,992 
4,077 
!39 367,677 !,677 14,146 1,298 3,223 
3,603 67,594 35,639 889,392 889 392 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5936 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.022 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/85 EH280618.069lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
May 2017 
Office Utilization Rate 
Building Office Tenants (excluding Judi~iary, Congress, and agencies with 
less than 10 employees) 
AIJ Building Office Tenants (including Judiciary. Congress, and agencies 
with less than I 0 employees) 
Total Building USF Rate' 
Building Tenants (excluding 
Judiciary, Congress. and agencies with less than 1 0 employees) 
All Building Tenants (including Judiciary~ Congress; and agencies with less than 10 employees) 
NOTES: CutTent 
147 
~~~ 
Current 
220 
223 Housing Plan 
Anthony J. Celebrezzc Federal Building 
Proposed 
136 
137 
Proposed 
210 
212 Current Office UR excludes 162,499 usf of offtce support space. Proposed Office UR excludes 158,198 usf of office support space Current 
Office UR excludes 164,969 usf of office support space. Proposed Office UR excludes 160,475 usf of office support space 
USF means the portion 
of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space availabiejointly to the occupants of the building. 
2 Office Utilization Rate= total office space available for office personnel. UR calculation 
excludes office support space USF. 
3Total Building USF Rate= total building USF (office, storage, special) available for at! building occupants (office, and non-office personnel). 
Soecial So ace 
·Food Service 
Priv~te Toilet 
ADP 
Conferenceffrainimr 
Health Unit Vault Holdin2 Cells 
Fitness Center Laboratorv Auditorium 
MailRoom 
Interview Room 
Child Care Judge's Chambers Courtrooms Total 
. "~-· POH-0192-CL18 
Cleveland, OH 
USF 
34,853 4,375 
10,437 
36,658 
4,489 4,103 1,315 
5,292 635 2,957 
3,085 
176 
3,674 
1,027 
1,675 
114,7§!. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5937 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —JACOB K . JAVITS FEDERAL  
BUILDING , NEW YORK , NY Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to address water infiltration and the resulting structural damage to the plaza, security pavilion, and garage at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Building located at 26 Federal Plaza in New York, New York at a design cost of $5,131,000, an estimated construction cost of $57,670,000 and a management and in-spection cost of $2,911,000 for a total esti-mated project cost of $65,712,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5938 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/87 here EH280618.070lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JACOB K. JA VITS FEDERAL BUILDING 
NEWYORK,NY 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
FY 2018 Project Summary PBS 
PNY -0282-NYlS 
10 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project 
to address structural stability and life safety issues at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Building (Javits 
FB), located at 26 Federal Plaza, New York, NY. The project will address water infiltration 
and the resulting structural damage to the plaza and security pavilion affixed 
to the building and garage that, if unaddressed, could significantly impact the structural integrity. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction and Management 
& Inspection) ............................... $65,712,000 
Major Work Items 
Exterior construction, roof replacement, site work, interior construction/foundation, electrical replacement/repairs, and building security coordination 
Project Budget 
Design ......................................................... ~ ................................................ $ 5,131,000 
Estimated Construction Cost_ (ECC) .............................................................. 57,670,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ............................................................. 2,911,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) ........................................................... $65,712,000 
Schedule 
Design anci Construction 
Building Start 
FY2018 End 
FY 2020 
The Javits FB consists of three interconnected buildings: a 45-story office building plus basement, 
an 8-story courthouse aud office building (built in 1967, the James L. Watson Court of International Trade), 
and a 45-story annex constructed in 1977 along the west side of 
the original45-story building. The two_ 45-story buildings function together as the Javits 
FB. The James L. Watson Court of International Trade is connected to the Javits 
FB by a four-story pedestrian bridge. The entire Javits FB complex consists of 
approximately 2.9 million gross square feet with an underground parking garage containing nearly 
300 parking spaces. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5939 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/88 here EH280618.071lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Tenant Agencies PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JACOB K. JA VITS FEDERAL BUILDING 
NEW YORK, NY 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PBS 
PNY-0282-NY18 
10 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. 
Department of Health and Human Services~ U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, U.S. 
Department of Housing and Urban Development, U.S. Social Security Administration, and National Labor Relations Board. 
Proposed Project 
The proposed project will address the most exigent needs at the Javits FB and includes repairs 
to structural defects and upgrades to the foundation and plaza, remediation of 
water iri:filtration, waterproofing of the garage and exterior planters, replacement of 
portions of the roof, and upgrades/replacement of exterior and garage lighting. Interim repairs, using minor repair and alteration program funds, are presently underway 
to 
prevent further deterioration and possible structural failure. Repairs will be made 
to the reinforced concrete interior columns and slabs designed into the building's west plaza and sub-grade levels 
of the garage and basement. The work includes beam expansion joint repairs and leak remediation to 
the columns along the northwest ramp along Broadway and Worth 
Street. The resulting project also will fully 
replace waterproofing of the planters along Worth Street. 
Exterior repair work to the plaza on the west (Broadway) side of the building wiH include new sidewalk areas atop the substructure. A concrete sidewalk along the front 
of the building will be replaced to correct the unevenness of the sidewalk for pedestrians and eliminate water penetration in the basement and garage areas 
of the building. 
The project will replace portions of the multi-level roofing system that have reached the end 
of their useful life. The penthouse roof will be replaced and localized repairs will be 
made to the interior masonry parapet wall and raised roof edge. Exterior perimeter lights will 
be replaced and the lights in the garage will be repaired, where possible, or replaced. Building security coordination 
is related to site security during the constrUction phase. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5940 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/89 here EH280618.072lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION JACOB 
K. JA VITS FEDERAL BUILDING NEW 
YO~ NY 
Major Work Items 
Exterior Construction Site Work Interior Construction/F 
oundatioh.s 
Roof Replacement Electrical Replacement/Repairs 
TotalECC 
Justification Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PBS 
PNY-0282-NY18 
10 
$30,489,000 
9,795,000 9,795,000 
5,142,000 2,449,000 
$57,670,000 
The Javits FB is experiencing structural and related waterproofmg deficiencies that pose a structural stability and life-safety threat. Presently, reinforced concrete columns and slabs at the three expansion joints designed into the west plaza and sub-grade levels 
of 
the garage and basement have sustained structural damage caused by persistent water infiltration. Loose concrete debris has been falling onto vehicles and nearly 
200 of the 
300 spaces in the garage are inaccessible. Remedial actions at;e being taken to mitigate falling debris hazards in areas that remain in 
use. 
It is critical that the proposed repairs to the garage be completed prior to the completion 
of the ongoing FBI reconfiguration and alteration project (PNY-0282-NY16), since FBI requires approximately 
250 official parking spaces for government vehicles. The west side 
of the building entrance has been temporarily closed due to safety concerns. The entrance also serves 
as the primary entry point for Citizen and 
Immigration Services. The closure of the entrance compromises the ability to bring visitors into the building, thereby resulting in lengthy lines outside the building envelope. The buildings' aged roofing systems are damaged, which is allowing the infiltiation 
of 
water in areas covering critical building systems, such as the elevator machine rooms and in tenant areas. Perimeter lighting will be installed and lighting in the garage will be repaired or replaced, 
if necessary, to enhance overall building safety. Building security coordination will secure the project site during the construction. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5941 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/90 here EH280618.073lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JACOB K. JAVITS FEiiERAL BUILDING 
NEW YORK, NY 
Prospectus Number: 
· Congressional District 
Summar:x of Energy Compliance PBS 
PNY-0282-NY18 
10 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations None 
Prior Committee Approvals None 
Prior Prospectus~Level Proiects in Building (past 10 years} 
Prospectus Description· FY 
P.L. 111-5 (ARRA) Plaza Restoration 2009 
PNY -0282-2-N¥14 Renovation of Building Core 
surroundi!lg FBI space 2014 Amount 
$25,360,000 $6,520,000 PNY 
-0282-NY16 . Consolidation Build-out 2016 $104,004,000* 
*$7,660,000 was funded in FY 2015 through a reprogramming; $96,244,000 was funded through 
the FY 2016 Major Repairs & Alterations Expenditure Plan 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) There 
are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost ofleasing or constructing a new 
building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5942 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/91 here EH280618.074lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JACOB K. JA VITS FEDERAL BUILDING 
NEW YORK, NY 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Certification of Need PBS 
PNY -0282-NY18 
10 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on---~-~~----------
Recommended: ___ · _· ---'-· ~ ~ /:;..;. _.:::..·....::::..../.f-. _/...!~::.__.:..,L·=--~·-·~_- __ " ___ -c------
Acting~~iiCB1iiidi11gS&rvice 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5943 June 28, 2018 
AMENDED COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —ALEXANDER HAMILTON U .S. 
CUSTOM HOUSE , NEW YORK , NY Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for Phase I of a two-phase project that will remediate water infiltration in the sub-basement and basement levels to prevent further damage at the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House located at 1 Bowling Green in New York, New York of a reduction in design cost of $498,000, an additional esti-mated construction cost of $7,454,000 and an additional management and inspection cost of $537,000 for a total additional cost of $7,493,000 and total estimated project cost of $53,991,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This reso-lution amends the authorization of the Com-mittee on July 23, 2015 of Prospectus No. PNY–0131–NY16. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5944 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/93 here EH280618.075lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
ALEXANDER HAMIL TON U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY-0131-NY18 
10 
FY 2018 Project Summarv 
The General Services Administration (GSA} proposes Phase I of a two-phase repair and 
alteration project to address building deficiencies at the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom 
House, a National Historic Landmark located at l Bowling Green, New York, New York. 
This proposed project (Phase I) will remediate water infiltration in the sub-basement and 
basement levels to prevent further damage to the building. Phase II, to be submitted as 
part of a future request; proposes replacing the skylight, replacing the exterior windows 
with blast windows and repainng the laylight. The proposed two-phase project will 
ensure the long-term occupancy of federal agencies by providing a safe and reliable work 
environment. 
Thjs project was among those included in prior year submissions for the Capital 
Investment and Leasing Progmm. Although the prospectus was approved by the 
Committee on Tmnsportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Environment and Public Works of the Senate on July 2:3, 2015, and 
January 20,2016, respectively, GSA's FY 2016 Major Repairs & Alterations Expenditure 
Plan did not allocate any funds to the project. GSA is requesting approval of an amended 
prospectus to increase the total estimated cost of Phase I of the project by $7,493,000 to 
account for cost escalations. There is no change in the overall scope of the project. 
FY 2018 Committee Additional Approvals Reguested (Construction, 
Management & Inspection) ..................................................... $7,493,000 
FY 2018 Committee Appropriation Requested 
(Phase f Design, Construetion, Management & Inspection) ........................ $53,991,000 
Major Work Items 
Exterior construction and restoration; interior construction and restoration; hazardous 
materials abatement; and building coordination and security. 
Proiect Budget Design 
Phase I (FY 2018 Request) .................... t .................................... ., ................ :w·•··········.,··········$4,706,000 
Phase II (TBD) .................................................................................................... 4,ll9,000 
Total Design ..................................... ._. ......................... .,..""., ................................. "' ........................ " ... ,; .... ,$8,825,000 
l 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5945 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/94 here EH280618.076lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
ALEXANDER HAMILTON U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK Prospectus 
Number: 
Congressional District: PNY-013l-NY18 
10 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) 
Phase I (FY 2018 Request) ..................... ~ ........................... *"'*"*•••••••n• .......... n .......... $45,533,000 
Phase II (TBD) .............................................................................................. 39-,.792,000 
Total ECC .~ ............ ,.., ................................................................................................................... $85,325,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) 
Phase I {FY 2018 Request) ............................................................................ $3,752,000 
Phase II (TBD) .................... , ........................................................................... 3,443,000 
Total M&J ··c••••••••• .. •••••••·•~~-••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••~•to•••••••••• .. •••••••••t•••••••••••••••••••$7,195,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) ...................................................... $101,345,000 
Schedule 
Design 
Construction 
Building Start 
FY 2018 
FY 2018 End 
FY 2019 
FY2020 
The Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House, located in lower Manhattan at the 
beginning of Broadway and just east of Battery Park, was designed by the renowned architect-
Cass Gilbert and includes artwork by Daniel Chester French and Reginald 
Marsh. The building presents a square plan with a central rotunda and surrounding corridors. 
It contains 501,225 gross square feet (GSF) of space and features a heavily detailed gray granite 
fa9ade and monumentai sculptural elements located in front of the 
building. The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and 
was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1976. 
Tenant Agencies 
U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Smithsonian Institution," U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Trade 
-Commission, U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S. Department of 
Homeland Security, and the National Archives and Records Administration. 
Proposed Project 
Phase I of the project is intended to remediate water infiltration in the sub-basement a11d 
basement levels of the building. This project will include the excavation/replacement of 
the si4ewalk around the building to provide access to the affected areas in the sub­
basement. It will involve leak mitigation for the vehicle ramp, the access hatches, the 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5946 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/95 here EH280618.077lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AMENDED PRO.SPECTUS -ALTERATION ALEXANDER 
HAMILTON U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK PBS 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: PNY-0131-NYIS 
10 
sidewalk vault, and the exterior joints! and replacement/repair of piping, as needed. The project also 
will involve major structural repairs to support beams and the removal of 
hazardous materials. 
Phase II of the project consists of the replacement of all exterior windows with blast protection windows 
on all sides and replacement of the skylight and repair of the laylight 
in the rotunda. Restoration of murals in the rotunda, including architectural repair work 
for the entire ceiling in the rotunda, and restoration of exterior sculptures on the northern 
fayade parapet, including the center cornice, also will be completed. 
Major Work Items (Phase I) 
Exterior Construction Interior Construction Hazardous Materials Abatement Building Coordination 
and Security 
Total 
Justification $22,349,000 19,919,000 327,000 2,938,000 $45,533,000 
Water infiltration in the sub-basement and basement levels is jeopardizing the structural integrity 
·af the building and building systems. Water and drain piping located under the sidewalk vault 
are compromised and could collapse, which presents a. potential safety hazard 
and could cause additional damage. Falling debris from the overhead damaged areas poses a potential safety risk 
to personnel and could result in additional· costly emergency work. Water infiltrating at the windows also 
is causing damage to the building interior 
and negatively affecting the building's energy efficiency. The building 
does not meet current standards for facility security. Age and exposure to weather elements 
is negatively impacting the building's exterior and interior artwork. Failure 
to make the appropriate repairs to the building will result in further damage to this National Historic Landmark. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5947 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/96 here EH280618.078lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
ALEXANDER HAMILTON U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY-0131-NY18 10 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Committee 
'~ Date Amount Purpose 
SenateEPW 1/20/2016 $46,498,00 Design, Phase I ECC and M&I 
HouseT&I. 7/23/2015 $46,498,00 Design, Phase 1 ECC and M&I 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years} 
None 
Alternatives Considered (30-vear, ~resent value cost analysis) 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a. limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5948 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.023 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/97 here EH280618.079lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS -ALTERATION 
ALEXANDER HAMILTON U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE 
NEW. YORK, NEW YORK 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY -0131-NYlS 
10 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~·~~~- ........ ~~~~-~----~-
Recommended: _____ ""'----·--~--~:·:.-.:;...:·..;;_·._.·.<!..·~----=~;:..._ .. ;.,.;G . .!::!.:..,.r.:;. :...._' ____ ._· -~:----_,.,.,~~~~ 
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved: ~~-~A""".?£'"'=ti-ng'"": ~A"'::~.,.m":"in"":'is_t_r_+o~r~,c;=e~.;..e;.J.. fk-:'1--_!:S!<:erv;..··. -:-ic-e-=s:::.A""';dm""'-' ~in-.i-st--ra-tic--o~n--~-
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5949 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —MAJOR GENERAL EMMETT J . BEAN  
FEDERAL CENTER , INDIANAPOLIS , IN Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to renovate space and consoli-date Federal agencies currently housed in leased space at the Major General Emmett J. Bean Federal Center located at 8899 E. 56th Street in Indianapolis, Indiana at a design cost of $3,435,000, an estimated construction cost of $39,707,000 and a management and in-spection cost of $2,808,000 for a total esti-mated project cost of $45,950,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5950 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/99 here EH280618.080lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
MAJOR GENERAL EMMETT J. BEAN FEDERAL CENTER 
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
FY 2018 Project Summary PIN-l703-IN18 
7 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for 
the Major General Emmett 1. Bean Federal Center (Bean Center) at 8899 E. 561h Street in Indianapolis, 
IN. The project will renovate space in the Bean Center and consolidate Federal agencies currently housed 
in leased space, thereby avoiding approximately 
$9,600,000 per year in private seCtor lease costs and saving approximately $3,600,000 in annual agency rent payments. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(Design~ Construction and Management & Inspection) ............................... $45,950,000 
Major Work Items 
Interior construCtion; heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HV AC) upgrades; hazardous materials abatement; 
and electrical, plumbing and life safety upgrades. 
Project Budget 
Design .......................................................................................................... $ 3,435,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) .............................................................. 39,707,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ................................................................ 2,808,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ......................................................... $45,950,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the standard normally provided by 
GSA. 
Schedule 
Design and Construction 
Building Start 
FY 2018 End 
FY 2021 
The Bean Center is a three-story, concrete-framed structure with brick and stone exterior walls located at 
8899 East 56th Street in Indianapolis, IN. The building measures approximately 
1,660,000 gross square feet and is situated on a 72-acre site. The building 
was constructed in 1953 as a Department of Defense (DOD) records storage facility and jurisdiction, custody 
and control of the buifding was transferred to GSA in 1996, at which time 
the facility was renovated for its current office use .. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5951 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/100 here EH280618.081lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
MAJOR GENERAL EMMETT J. BEAN FEDERAL CENTER 
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
Tenant Agencies PIN-1703-1Nl8 
7 
Department Of Homeland Security, DOD, Department of Agriculture (USDA). and GSA 
Proposed Proiect 
The project proposes the build-out of space at the Bean Center to meet the longwtenn 
needs of Federal agencies currently housed in leased spac.e, including U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection; U.S. Marine Corps and USDA. The project includes relocation of 
several tenants within the Bean Center to provide agencies moving into the building with contiguous space. The scope 
includes demolition and upgrades to ceiling, lighting, mechanical, 
e1ectrical, plumbing, and tire and life safety systems in spaces to be occupied 
by these agencies. Common areas will be upgraded and hazardous materials will be abated, 
as necessary. 
Major Work Items 
Interior Construction 
HVAC Upgrades 
Electrical Upgrades 
Hazardous Materials Abatement Life 
Safety Upgrades 
Plumbing Upgrades 
Total ECC 
Justification $28,124,000 4,096,000 3,811,000 2,313,000 778,000 585,000 
$39,707,000 
The project will provide a Iong~term housing solution and improve space utilization rates, thereby reducing both 
the amount of space the Federal Government leases in the private 
real estate market and federally owned vacant space. 
The Defense Financing and Accounting Service (DF AS) is the anchor tenant at the Bean Center, occupying approximately 
900,000 usable square feet (USF). DF AS plans to 
vacate approximately 175,000 USF, which, along with existing vacant space, will provide 
the opportunity to consolidate Federal agencies that are currently housed in 
approximately 340,000 USF of leased space in Indianapolis. To consolidate their existing footprints 
in leased space, the amount of space these agencies will occupy in the Bean Center 
will be reduced to approximately 212,000 USF. 
To create a contiguous space for the backfill tenants, three agencies currently in the Bean 
Center most likely will be relocated within the building. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5952 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/101 here EH280618.082lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
MAJOR GENERAL EMMETT J. BEAN FEDERAL CENTER 
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Summarv of Energy Compliance PIN-1703-IN18 
7 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimum perfonnance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years) 
Prospectus Description 
P .L. 111-5 (ARRA) Photovoltaic Roof 
PIN-17032-IN14 Stonn Water Drainage System, Parking 
Lot Renovation FY 
2009 2014 
Alternatives Cmisidered (30-year, present value cost analysis) Amount 
$33,549t000 $19,074,000 
Alteration ............................................................................................. $169, 118,000 
Lease .. -··--···a, '"*f '"'""•. ~ ......... , ••••• , ., ••• , ........... •*····· ...... J• ••• _., •• 1 ....•• ,. .......... , ~"· ~ .... ··~··· $298,796,000 
New Construction: ............................................................................... $232,608,000 
The 30-year, present value cost of alteration is $63,490,000 less than the cost of new 
construction, with an equivalent annual cost advantage of $3,452,000. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5953 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/102 here EH280618.083lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION MAJOR 
GENERAL EMMETT J. BEAN FEDERAL CENTER 
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Certification of Need PIN-1703-1N18 
7 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 Submitted 
at Washington, DC, on---~-~-~-~~-~~~~~ 
Recommended:~--~ .. ·-·-· --~--,;...· ..r:;.. ~·:.,::.·;.._;;::_·~· _ .. _.~~· . ...;;.-~· ;_e:_4. --.. =..,.·. _._ ··-·-.~~~=-~-~~-
Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved:~-~a=--~---+-: .--. ------8.~~~-· · -·~­
ActingAdffif~t~enera.l S~lstrntion ---
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5954 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/103 here EH280618.084lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEMay2017 Housing Plan 
Major General Emmett J. Bean Federal Center 
CURRENT 
Personnel Usable Square Feet (USF) 1 
Office Total Oftice Stora<>e Special Total 
I,cased Location(s) 153 N 
Pennsylvania, Indianapolis, IN 
DOD -US Marine Corps 2.50 250 58,510 -6,501 65,011 
6325 Digital Way and 6650 Telecom Drive, Indianapolis, IN 
DHS -CBP Mission Support Facilities 601 601 151,973 -4,700 156,673 
6510 Telecom Drive, Indianapolis, IN 
DHS -CBP Mission Support Facilities 75 
 75 64,894 -2,007 66,901 5969-6035 
Lakeside Boulevard, Indianapolis, IN 
USDA-Fann Service Agency 28 28 10,931 -3,458 14,389 
USDA -Rural Housing Service 22. 12. 11,469 --11,469 
USDA-Risk Management Agency 8 8 4,310 --4,310 
USDA-Natural Resources Conservation Service 36 36 16,886 -1,565 18,451 
USDA -Food Safety and Inspection Services 2 2 
1,100 --1,100 
USDA-Office of the Inspector Geneml 4 4 1,92.2. --1,922 
Subtotal ' 1,026 1,026 321,995 -18,231 340,226 
Federally-owned Location(s) 
Major General Emmett J. Bean Federal Center 
DOD -Department of Army 46 46 50,682 1,906 6,841 59,429 
DOD -US Army Reserve Command 5 5 2,404 --2,404 DOD • US Army Criminal 
Investigation Command 5 5 !,444 --1,444 
DOD-US Army, HQ, Recruiting Command-Ft. Knox 3 3 4,358 -7,691 .12,049 DOD 
-Military Entrance Processing Command 56 56 25,983 -5,039 31,022 
GSA-Public Buildiog Service 16 86 4,816 -132 4,948 
GSA-Outleased Space 11 11 3,294 . 1,067 4,361 
DOD ·Defense Logistics Agency 11 11 4,825 -148 4,973 
DOD -Defense Contract Audit Agency 16 16 5,588 -140 5,728 
DOD ·Defense Contract Management Agency 44 44 11,178 -733 11,911 
DOD -Defense Financing and.Accounting Service (DFAS)* 4,359 
 4,359 655,140 27,562 43,400 726,102 DOD 
-Inspector General 42 42 8,572 . 1,392 9,964 
DOD -Army National Guard Recruiters 63 63 11,382 -845 12,227 
DHS -CBP Mission Support Facilities -----. 
DOD -US Marine Corps -. ----
USDA-Farm Service Agency ------
USDA -Rural Housing Service ------
USDA-Risk Management Agency· -----
USDA-Natural Resources Conservation Service ----. 
USDA -Food Safuty and Inspection Service ----
USDA-Office of the Inspector General ------
Joint Use 20 20 7,942 4,953 43,016 55,911 Vacant 
-. 2.23,192 :z,±63 220 225,875 
~----·--~ ·-'---Personnel 
Office Total 
--
--
--
--
----
--
--
---- 46 46 
5 5 
5 5 3 3 
56 56 16 86 
11 ll 
11 11 
16 16 44 44 4,359 4,359 
61 61 
63 63 
676 676 
250 250 
28 28 22 22 
8 8 
36 36 
2 2 4 4 20 20 
--PIN-f103-IN18 Indianapolis, IN 
PROPOSED Usable Square Feet (US F) 
Office Storage Special 
------
---------
---
---
----
" --
--
50,682 1,906 6,841 
2,404 --
1,444 --
4,358 -7,691 25,983 
-5,039 
4,816 -132 3,294 
-1,067 4,825 
-148 5,588 
-140 
11,178 -733 
655,140 27,562 43,400 
9,842 490 1,281 
!1,382 -845 
90,200 12,072 5,796 63,011 
-2,000 7,550 
2,594 648 
8,086 -516 
3,039 -194 
11,835 1,174 . 830 
825 --
1,442 . . 
7,942 4,953 43,016 10,719 1,435 260 Total -·---------
59,429 2,404 1;444 12,049 31,022 4,948 4,361 4,973 5,728 11,911 726,102 11,613 12,227 108,068 65,011 10,792 8,602 3,233 13,839 825 1,442 55,911 12,414 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5955 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/104 here EH280618.085lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
May2017 Housing Plan 
Major General Emmett J. Bean Federal Center 
Subtotal 
TOTAL 
*Current DFAS and Vacant USF shown reflects the planned DFAS relense of approximately 175,000 usf 
Office Utilization I:{ate2 
Building Office Tenants (excluding Judiciary, Congress, and agencies with less than 
10 employees) All Building 
Office Tenants (including Judiciary, Congress, and agencies with less 
than 10 employees) ·--------·------------·---·-
Total Building USF Rate 3 
Building Tenants (excluding Judiciary, Congress, and agencies with less than 
10 employees) 
All Building Tenants (including Judiciary, Congress, and agencies with less than 
10 employees) 
NOTES: urrent 
154 183 
urrent 
261 
260 Proposed 
109 
135 
Proposed 
199 
201 Current Office UR excludes 224,57 6 usf of office support space. Proposed Office UR excludes 219,07 6 usf of office support space 
Current Office UR excludes 295,415 usf of office support space, Proposed 
Office UR excludes 219,029 usf of office support space. 
1 USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2 Office Utilization Rate~ total office space available for office personnel. UR calculation excludes office support space USF. 
3 Total Building USF Rate= total building USF (office, storage, special) available for all building occupants (office, and non-office personnel). PIN-l.103-IN18 
Indianapolis, IN 
Special Space 
ADP 
Auditorium 
Food Service Private 
Toilet Conference/Training Health 
Unit 
Fitness Center Child Care Vault 
Total USF 
40,25 
10,375 
44,527 
3,806! 
!!,642 
.,091 
5,896 
5,374 
615 
120";57'71 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5956 June 28, 2018 
AMENDED COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —HARRY S . TRUMAN FEDERAL  
BUILDING , WASHINGTON , DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade elevators at the Harry S. Truman Federal Building located at 2201 C Street, NW in Washington, DC at an addi-tional project cost of $ $4,200,000 for a total estimated project cost of $13,200,000, a pro-spectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends and replaces the authorization for the Harry S. Truman Federal Building approved by the Committee on February 28, 2013 in Pro-spectus No. PEX–00001. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5957 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/106 here EH280618.086lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS- ALTERATIONS 
HARRY S. TRUMAN FEDERAL BUILDING WASHINGTON, 
DC PBS 
Prospectus Number: PDC-0046~ W A 18 
F¥2018 P·roject Summary 
The General Services Administr(ltion (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to upgrade elevators 
at the Harry S. Truman (Main State) Building located at 2201 C Streett 
NW, Washington, DC. The continued deterioration of the elevators and increased population 
in the building has accelerated the need for these repairs. This project 
was among those included previously included in GSA's Fiscal Year 2013 
Capital Investment and Leasing Program's Exigent Needs prospectus. Although the prospectus 
was approved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House 
of Representatives and the Committee on Environmental and Public Works of the 
Senate on February 28, 2013, and July 25, 2012, respectively, no funds were 
appropriated. Rather than seeking in the aggregate for the Exigent Needs prospectus, 
GSA is now seeking individual prospectus approval and funding for certain projects originally included 
as part of the Exigent Needs prospectus, such as the work described in 
this prospectus. GSA is requesting approval of an amended prospectus to increase the 
total estimated cost of the project by $4l200,000 to account for cost escalations. There-is 
no change in the overall scope of the project. 
F¥2018 Committee Approval Requested 
(Design~ Construction, Management and Inspection) .................................... $4,200,000 
FY2018 Committee Appropriations Requested (Design, Construction, 
Management and Inspection) ••• ~ .............................. $13,200,000 
Major Work Items Elevator 
upgrades 
Project Budget Design 
and Review ......... ; ....... 7 ........................................................... ~ .......... $1,210,000 
Estimated Construction Cost 
(ECC) ~ ............................................................. 11, 180,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) .................................................................. 810,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ......................................................... $13,200,000 
*Tenant agency may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided by 
GSA. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5958 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/107 here EH280618.087lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Schedule AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATIONS 
HARRY S. TRUMAN FEDERAL BUILDING 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: 
Design and Construction Start 
FY2018 
Building PBS 
PDC-0046-WA18 
End 
FY2020 
The Harry S. Truman Building is located at 2201 C Sfreet, NW. The original portion of 
the building, known as the ~'Old War Building", was completed in 1941 forthe fanner 
War Department and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. An addition, referred 
to as "New State", was constructed in 1960. The limestone and granite exterior building provides approximately 
2.6 million gross square feet of space for the Department 
of State personnel and 905 inside parking spaces on the 12.2 acre site. 
Tenant Agencv Department 
of State 
Proposed Project 
This proposed project consists of upgrades to 21 elevators (including several freight elevators) 
in the non-modernized half of the building. GSA had originally planned to 
undertake these upgrades at a later date however the current condition of the elevators 
makes it necessary to modernize the elevators at this time. The proposed project includes 
the removal and replacement of the major elevator components. 
Major Work Items 
Elevator Upgrades 
TotalECC 
Justification $ 11,180,000 
$11,180,000 
The Department of State continues to increase the building population; however, the 
outdated) existing elevators are unable to meet the usage demands. The elevators have long since 
reached the end of their serviceable lives and are in irreparable conditions and 
must be addressed immediately. The elevators are susceptible to reliability problems and 
the continued availability of repair parts is uncertain. Major parts have· not been manufactured since 
1995 and refurbished parts have become increasingly difficult to 
obtain and when found they tend to be less reliable. On average, two to three elevator cars 
are out of servi~e. Upgraded elevators will meet safety codes that current elevators 
do not meet. Historic finishes in the elevator cabs also will be addressed, 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5959 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/108 here EH280618.088lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS-ALTERATIONS 
HARRY S. TRUMAN FEDERAL BUILDING 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: PDC-0046.:W A 18 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project will b.e designed to conform to requirements of the FacUlties Standards far 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Prior (:onimittee Approvals* Committee 
Date Amount 
SenateEPW 7/25/12 $9,00Q,OOO 
HouseT&I 2/28/13 $9,000,000 Purpose 
·Repair and Alteration 
Repair and Alteration 
*Included m the 2013 Exigent Needs Prospectus PEX~OOOOI, which was approved for 
$122,936,000. 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building ([!ast 10 years) 
Prospectus ~escription FY Amount 
PDC·0046- W A 14 Modernization Ph. I-V 1988-$162,045,000 2014 
PL lll-5(ARRA) · Modernization Ph. IV Construction, Ph. V 2010 $ 14,735,000 
·Design 
Note: On-going modernization ()f approximately one-half of the building began in 1988 .. 
Alternatives Considered (30-year,present value cost analysis) 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constrUcting a new 
building. · 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5960 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/109 here EH280618.089lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
AMENDED PROSPECTUS- ALTERATIONS 
HARRY S. TRUMAN FEDERAL BUILDING 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
Prospectus Number: PDC-0046~ WA 18 
Certification ofNeed 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on 
Recommended: , /// // 
.. -~ ··.3~ ~~--"-"· --~...,.-Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved: __ ..,.,~O:~--~-'=---.. -~,..,._,..,._--+P1-~_{?= __ ...:..._'=+-~-IA-~--~-!:..l.l·e:.t:....--~=----~=· .,..., . .,..... .. """""-· ~ 
Acting ~ator, Genenil Services Administration 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5961 June 28, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —JAMES C . CORMAN FEDERAL  
BUILDING , VAN NUYS , CA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to replace roof, upgrade building systems, and improve egress and life-safety at the James C. Corman Federal Building lo-cated at 6230 Van Nuys Boulevard in Van Nuys, California at a design cost of $1,183,000, an estimated construction cost of $10,704,000 and a management and inspection cost of $803,000 for a total estimated project cost of $12,690,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5962 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/111 here EH280618.090lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JAMES C. CORMAN FEDERAL BUILDING 
VANNUYS,CA 
Prospectus Number: Congressional District: 
FY 2018 Project Summary PBS 
PCA-007-LAIS 
29 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for 
the James C. Corman Federal Building at 6230 Van Nuys Boulevard, Van Nuys, CA. 
The project includes roof replacement, building systems upgrades, and egress and life­
safety improvements. This work is essential to the long-term positioning of the asset and 
it facilitates future recovery of vacant space by providing accommodation for Federal agencies currently 
in commercial leased facilities. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(Designt Construction and Management & Inspection) ............................... $12,690,000 
Major Work Items 
Structural upgrades;· exterior and interior construction; electrical; new egress and 
protected entries; heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) upgrades; roof replacement; site work; demolition 
and hazardous materials abatement; plumbing; and 
fire protection for annex 
Project Budget 
Design ..................................................... ; ..................................................... $ 1,183,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ............................................. , ................ 10,704,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) .................................................. ~ ................ 803,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ......................................................... $12,690,000 
"'Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the 
standard normally provided by GSA 
Schedule 
Design & Construction 
Building Start 
FY2018 End 
FY202l 
Located in the heart of Van Nuys, the James C. Connan Federal Building is 4 stories and 
approximately 231 ,000 gross square feet. It is a mid-twentieth century, precast concrete 
and stone·clad office building with a basement and both ind9or and outdoor parking. On 
the same site, there is a one·story Hannex" that previously housed the United States Postal 
Service. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5963 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/112 here EH280618.091lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Tenant Agencies PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JAMES C. CORMAN FEDERAL BUILDING 
VAN NUYS, CA . 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PCA-007-LAI8 
29 
U.S. Department of the Treasury -Internal Revenue Service, Defense Contract Audit Agency, 
U.S.·Department of Labor, U.S. Anny, Department of State-Consular Affairs, 
GSA -Federal Acquisition Service, GSA-Public Buildings Service, and DHS-Federal 
Protective Service. 
Proposed Project 
The project ·includes structural alterations and repairs, exterior enclosure and interior construction, electrical 
Upgrades, new egress and protected entries, HV AC upgrades, roof replacement, site 
work, demolition and hazardous materials abatement, plumbing upgrades, 
and fire protection for the annex. The work will position the building for full 
occupancy. 
Major Work Items 
Structural Alterations, Exterior Enclosure and Interior Construction Electrical 
Upgrades 
New Egress and.Protected Entries 
HV AC Upgrades Roof 
Replacement 
Site Work=-Building Related 
Demolition and Hazardous Materials Abatement 
Plumbing Upgrades 
Fire Protection Upgrades 
Total ECC 
Justification $ 2,746,000 2,671,000 
1,~42,000 
1,129,000 990,000 
609,000 
585,000 
419,000 
313,000 
$10,704,000 
Due to its age and condition, the asset requires repair and alteration to assure service continuity 
and safety and to attract and keep tenants for vacant space recovery, This 
project, in conjunction with a Fiscal Year 2016 Consolidation Activities Special 
Emphasis Program project and other backfill plans, will help take the building from two­
thirds vacant to full occupancy by the time construction is complete. Life-safety 
improvements and upgrades will improve occupant safety and code compliance and 
enhance the asset's perfotmance, efficiency and reliability. Some improvements also will 
provide the added benefit of improving occupant comfort and marketability of the asset needed 
to recover vacant space. 
.2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5964 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/113 here EH280618.092lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JAMES C. CORMAN FEDERAL BUILDING VANNUYS,CA PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PGA-007-LA18 
29 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
Th1s project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
tile Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations None 
Prior Committee Approvals None. 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years) 
None 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analvsis) 
Alteration ......................................................................... ~ .......... : .. $! 04,881,000 
Lease ...................................................... ; ....................................... $ 146,865,000 
New Construction: ......................................................................... $128,725,000 
The 30-year, present-value cost of alteration is $23,844,000 less than the cost of new construction, 
with an equivalent annual cost advantage of $1,296,000. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5965 June 28, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.024 H28JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 369/114 here EH280618.093lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JAMES C. CORMAN FEDERAL BUILDING 
VANNUYS,CA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Certification of Need PBS 
PCA-007~LA18 
29 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
May 17,2017 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~. ~~-~~~~~--,--~--~--~ 
Recomrllended: ' /// /£' ~~-~~---~--~~·~·~·~-~-~-~-~-~~~-ry.:~·~··~-·~----· ---------Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service Approved: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5966 June 28, 2018 
There was no objection. 
f 
IMMIGRATION (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, our inability to pass ei-ther of the immigration bills yesterday was a disappointing failure to solve two of the largest problems we face: routine illegal border crossing and abuse of the asylum system. In addition to wall-building and bor-der security bills, I have sponsored leg-islation to get the workers we need to drive a growing economy: Change our system of immigration from family-based to skill-based, like Australia and Canada. We need legal, verifiable, and skilled or the educat-able to be workers coming in all ranges of skills. This is the RAISE Act. I have also introduced a bill to pre-vent claiming amnesty from anyone who is already inside our borders. Am-nesty is supposed to derive from ‘‘cred-ible fear’’ of persecution, not flight be-cause the country of origin is dan-gerous, lawless, or offers little eco-nomic opportunity to its citizens—not our problem. These proposals would go a long way to solving the immigration crisis and creating a workforce to drive a growing U.S. economy in the 21st century. 
f 
b1245 HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CHARLES PAGE (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the life and legacy of Charles Page, a true public servant who considered himself so blessed that he went by the nickname of Mr. Lucky. But it goes without saying that all of us benefited from Charlie’s generosity and willingness to give back to the place that we call home. He came to the Monterey Peninsula as a young airman assigned to the De-fense Language Institute. He stayed there, built his life there, and contin-ued to serve there as a two-term city councilman, as the president of the As-sociation of Monterey Bay Area Gov-ernment, and as the founder of the Monterey County Legal Aid Society, as well as the founder of the Monterey Pe-ninsula College Foundation. Charlie understood the value of jun-ior colleges, not just for students, but for the entire community. He inspired people to get involved, including myself. I will never forget when I received a phone call out of the blue asking me when I was going to get involved, when I was going to serve. I believe that that call sparked the beginning of my career in service. Mr. Speaker, for that and all of his contributions to our community and country, I recognize Charlie Page, for we are all blessed and lucky to know him. f 
ROME LAB STANDS AT THE FORE-FRONT OF ADVANCED CYBER RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, the Air Force Research Laboratory Informa-tion Directorate, otherwise known as Rome Lab, stands at the forefront of advanced cyber research and develop-ment projects within the Air Force and plays an integral role in ensuring that our military has the 21st century tools to dominate in cyberspace and on the battlefield. The importance of Rome Lab in my district in New York State cannot be overstated. That is why I have contin-ued to advocate and secure record level funding for Rome Lab. I am grateful to have Defense Appro-priations Subcommittee Chairwoman K
AYGRANGER , who has advocated for increasing by another $10 million for our Federal funding to enhance current research and development into our small Unmanned Aerial Systems, an essential tool of modern warfare. Additionally, our office secured over $200 million in funding, which rep-resents a 10 percent increase over last year’s level, and another $14.2 million in funding for a perimeter fence around Rome Lab to secure this vitally impor-tant and highly sensitive asset. The high-tech ecosystem and hub of research and development built around Rome Lab has created a rich environ-ment for entrepreneurs to start new ventures and to thrive in the Mohawk Valley. It is estimated that Rome Lab’s im-pact in 2017 was over $392 million in the surrounding five-county region. It is an honor to represent the tal-ented, dedicated, and hardworking workforce at Rome Lab. It is critically important that we protect this asset. 
f 
SUMMER RECESS STOPS SCHOOL SHOOTINGS (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, in the 4
1⁄2 months since 17 people were killed in a mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Flor-ida, there have been 15 shootings at schools and colleges around the coun-try. In the absence of congressional ac-tion, the only thing that has stopped these school shootings is summer re-cess. But summer recess won’t stop the daily gun violence in communities across the country. In the past 72 hours, 97 people were killed and 180 people were injured by gun violence. And summer recess won’t provide re-lief to the families who are still griev-ing the loss of their children, their loved ones. Earlier this month, four Stoneman Douglas seniors were honored with de-grees they earned but never received because they were murdered in their school. Their parents and siblings walked onto that stage instead. It shouldn’t have been this way. It is time for this House to act on gun violence. Bring up the bipartisan bills on universal background checks, banning bump stocks, gun violence re-straining orders. We cannot wait until the school bell rings again this fall. We have to act now. f 
HONORING OFFICER MATHEW MAZANY (Mr. JOYCE of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today, I want to honor the life and service of a brave constituent of mine, Mentor police officer Mathew Mazany. Officer Mazany, a 14-year veteran of-ficer, was killed in a tragic hit-and-run on Sunday morning while helping with a traffic stop. He achieved his dream by following in the footsteps of his father, who also served as a police officer for 34 years in Maple Heights, not too far from Men-tor. His coworkers and those who knew him best described him as a happy-go- lucky kind of guy who enjoyed the Mentor community. Officer Mazany leaves behind a son, a brother, a father, and countless others who had the pleasure of knowing him. His legacy and dedication to public service will not be forgotten. My prayers are with Officer Mazany’s family, his friends, the city of Mentor and the Mentor Police Department dur-ing this difficult time. 
f 
WE NEED TO RESTORE DEMOCRACY (Mr. SARBANES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, today, too many Americans feel that their own democracy doesn’t respect them, that they are left out and locked out of their own democracy. That is why Democrats today are in-troducing the By the People Resolu-tion, a broad set of reforms, a declara-tion of principles that we need to re-store democracy and give people their voice back, in three broad categories of reform: Voter empowerment, voting rights; making sure that it is easier, not hard-er, to access the ballot box and to cast your vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.054 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5967 June 28, 2018 
Ethics and accountability, because we need transparency in our govern-ment. We need to obey the rules, ob-serve the norms. That is critical to have trust in government on the part of the people. And lastly, campaign finance reform, because big money and special inter-ests have way too much influence up here on Capitol Hill, and we need to do something about it. We can do this. With a bold set of re-forms, we can make sure that Ameri-cans feel respected, and we can return, finally, to a government of, by, and for the people. 
f 
THANKING CAPTAIN SWEATTE AND MICHAEL SULLIVAN (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Captain Raymond Sweatte and Mr. Michael Sullivan, the crew of the University of Georgia Skidaway Institute of Oceanography’s ship, the Savannah. While Captain Sweatte and Mr. Sul-livan were on the Savannah conducting a research-based fish survey just off the coast of Georgia, they were con-tacted by the Coast Guard about a nearby ship in distress. After searching multiple locations in the nighttime darkness, the Savannah located and saved two Florida fisher-men struggling to cling to their lives. The fishermen had been taking on water for about 5 hours in high seas and winds and could not keep up with the water flowing into the ship. If the Savannah had not located and rescued these struggling fishermen, it is possible they would not have sur-vived. I sincerely thank the University of Georgia’s Captain Sweatte and Mr. Sul-livan for their bravery and heroic ac-tions in this emergency situation to save the lives of two fellow Americans. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 6157, DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent in the en-grossment of the bill, H.R. 6157, the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections and conforming changes, including inserting amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–785 at the end of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S CORRECTIVE ORDER (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, Donald Trump’s ‘‘corrective’’ order no longer separating children from parents takes families out of the fire of separation and throws them into the inferno of unlimited detention on military bases. Thus Trump’s zero tolerance policy stands, costing the government untold millions required to be spent for meals, air conditioning, libraries, private showers, medical, dental, and mental health. There are no good options when fami-lies enter the country seeking asylum, but herding them together in intern-ment camps is the worst of those avail-able. That is why past administrations have released the detainees with ankle bracelets and frequent contacts, with the overwhelming majority of detain-ees reporting back. The courts are like-ly to order a similar remedy. It is time for the administration to look at practices that have worked in-stead of inventing inhumane ones that don’t. f 
SUPPORT THE PEOPLE OF IRAN (Mr. LAMBORN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the people of Iran, who are sick and tired of living under the mullahs’ rule and have coura-geously taken to the streets across their country to demand freedom and sound governance. The Ayatollah’s regime duped the Obama administration into a nuclear deal in which they received a tremen-dous payout. The people of Iran ex-pected to benefit financially from the deal, but the regime squandered every-thing on foreign wars at the expense of their citizens. The Islamic regime funds the ongoing deadly tactics of Hamas and the Pal-estinians, supports Bashar al-Assad of Syria, finances the ongoing war in Yemen, builds rocket factories in Leb-anon and Syria, and I could go on and on. Life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness are ideals that America cham-pions, the same ideals that the Iranian protestors are risking their lives to achieve. To this end, I support the Iranian people, as do the Trump administration and the free world. 
f 
THE WAR ON COAL IN MONTANA (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring this body’s attention to a war on coal that jeopardizes our Mon-tana communities, jobs, and economy. Environmental extremists want to eliminate the diversity of Montana’s energy generation. Their radical agen-da threatens our Montana way of life, particularly in eastern Montana. This week, the Montana Chamber Foundation released a report that re-veals the alarming impact a continued war on coal would have in Montana. If Colstrip’s Units 3 and 4 were closed prematurely, the impact would be dev-astating to Montana. Montana would lose about 3,300 jobs. Our State’s popu-lation would shrink by 7,000 individ-uals. Montanans would lose over $5 bil-lion in income and all Montanans would face higher electricity prices. Also, the loss of this source of reliable baseload power would threaten the sta-bility of our electric grid. Mr. Speaker, it is time to end this war on coal once and for all. Mon-tanans, our communities, and our economy require that we not raise the white flag. f 
CONDEMNING THE BRUTAL PERSE-CUTION OF THE SINDHI PEOPLE (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the brutal perse-cution of the Sindhi people in Paki-stan. Throughout the Sindh Province, and especially in Karachi, millions of Sindhi people are victimized by the Punjabi-dominated regime in Islamabad. This grave injustice and massive human rights crisis involves extrajudicial killings, forced disappear-ances, and tactics common in many to-talitarian dictatorships. This oppression of the Sindhis is the work of the Inter-Services Intelligence, that is the ISI, of Pakistan, and the corrupt Pakistani Army. More than 154 Sindhi people have been reported missing just since Au-gust 2017. Among those includes Dr. Anwar Laghari, who is a physician who actually led the Sindhi people and the stalwarts in opposition to violent Is-lamic militarism, and that is why he was targeted by the ISI. Pakistan has made their choice to drop its alliance with the United States and form a new partnership with China and radical Islam, and they are now making war on their own peo-ple. The United States should stand with the people of Pakistan, not their op-pressive government. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the brutal persecution of the Sindhi people in Pakistan. Throughout Sindh Province and es-pecially in Karachi, millions of Sindhi people are victimized by the Punjabi dominated re-gime in Islamabad. This is a grave injustice and a massive human rights crisis involving extrajudicial killings, forced disappearances, and tactics common in China, Turkey, Iran and other to-talitarian dictatorships. This oppression of the Sindhis is the work of the Inter-Service Intelligence (ISI) and the cor-rupt Pakistan Army. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.056 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5968 June 28, 2018 
More than 154 Sindhi people have been re-ported missing just since August 2017. Among the hundreds abducted and killed include Dr. Anwar Laghari, a physician and human rights leader who is a hero to the Sindhi people. Like Dr. Laghari the Sindhis are stalwarts in their opposition to violent Islamist militants, which is why they have been targeted by ISI. Pakistan has made its choice to drop its alli-ance with the United States and form a new partnership with China and radical Islam. Bla-tant betrayals like the China-Pakistan Eco-nomic Corridor project and sheltering Osama Bin Laden indicate that Pakistan has long ago morphed away from being our friend and is now our enemy. And, Pakistan is at war with its own people, not only the Sindhis, but the Baluch and many of the Pashtun tribes are also targeted for harsh human rights abuses. America needs to face reality—stand with these persecuted peo-ples—and treat Pakistan like the corrupt narco-trafficking gangster regime allied with radical Islam that it is. 
f 
ATROCITIES CONTINUE IN SYRIA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, there is really a tragic situation that has been unfolding for a long time in Syria, and I think it is important that we have a brief discussion today about what is at stake and what is happening. To start that discussion, Mr. Speak-er, I am happy to yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), the honorable chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and a champion for the people of Free Syria. b1300 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I very much appreciate the time that has been set aside here, and I ap-preciate the gentleman yielding. I have got to say at the outset, one of the great tragedies of the half a million deaths in Syria is that I think it was quite avoidable. If we think back to 7 years ago and how it started, it began with people marching in the streets of Damascus saying, ‘‘peaceful, peaceful.’’ Their goal was to try to get some element of human rights in a country in which people were being abducted and dis-appeared in these chambers where they were tortured and killed. We know a lot more now than we did at the time because of a brave military photographer by the name of Caesar, and Caesar brought those pictures out to the West, 55,000 of them. The way in which the regime con-ducted itself drove the population in Syria to react. And now, after 7 years of war, brutal war, the atrocities con-tinue in Syria; and in many ways, after listening this morning to Caesar and seeing his photographs again, they are worse than they were. I say that because, as we speak, de-spite a ceasefire agreed to by Russia, the Assad regime, backed by Russian war planes and backed by the Iranian militia from neighboring Iran on the ground, is engaged in a brutal assault on southern Syria. They are engaged there, and more than 45,000 civilians have fled as Russian and regime forces have intensified their shelling and their air raids again on civilian popu-lations. So yesterday alone, three hospitals were bombed. The United Nations has said that more Syrians were displaced in the first few months of this year than at any period in the last 7 years of war—the first few months of this year. This is happening as we speak. This is one of the children affected by this brutal campaign. The numbers are staggering. As I shared with you, there are over half a million Syrians that have been killed. Think for a minute about the families of those who are on the move trying to escape. Fourteen million Syrians have been displaced; tens of thousands remain in the re-gime’s dungeons. That, for me, is the most horrifying aspect of this. It is because the regime will not, despite international pres-sure, change what it does within those dungeons, the same torture that was exposed to the world in the Caesar photos, in the 55,000 photos. And the horrific part of this—I don’t know why totalitarian regimes do this, but they have a habit of taking the pic-ture of every tortured, mangled body that they have killed and then num-bering it with a number, and then num-ber after number after number. It is now a process of civil society in Syria trying to figure out and tie these fami-lies together. And the population that was mas-sacred, whether it is Shia or Sunni or Alawites or Christian, it is as though the regime knows no bounds in terms of its suspicions. It is like Joe Stalin’s rampage when he decided, in the 1930s, to begin his process of eliminating any-one who could potentially be an oppo-nent: take them in and put them to the torture. That is what is happening as we speak. And if the regime retakes south-ern Syria, thousands more will be de-tained and meet the same fate as those who are in those torture chambers today. So this morning, we had the honor of welcoming Caesar. A
DAM KINZINGER  and I and other members of our com-mittee had the opportunity once more to speak to the Syrian military defec-tor who took those photos. Four years ago, he met with our com-mittee in his first public appearance following his defection. Those photos gave us an eyewitness account of the Assad regime’s horrific brutality. And today, Caesar provided new, chilling testimony about the Assad regime’s at-tacks against the Syrian people. Industrial-scale torture, as I have told you, is being committed against thousands of detainees. And I will tell you, one picture that especially moved me showed a young woman. She was an architect in the city. She had had her eyes gouged out. She was tortured to death and her crime was that she had delivered food and humanitarian aid to individuals targeted by the Assad re-gime. As you know, the Blue Helmets in Syria who run into collapsing buildings in order to pull out victims, pull out ci-vilians, they are nondenominational. These are people who volunteer, and they are frequently targeted. It is often those who are doing the rescuing who are targeted by that regime. Mr. Speaker, as I have said before, there can be no real peace in Syria as long as the Assad regime, as long as Assad, himself, remains in power. We need a strategy that, in the name of humanity, moves beyond Assad to achieve a political solution that will secure a lasting peace among all of the parties there. The House has twice passed legisla-tion named after Caesar, sponsored by Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL and me, to impose sanctions on supporters of Syria’s Assad regime, including sanc-tions on Iran and Russia, because that is where the materiel comes from. That is where the bombs come from. This legislation will help cut off funding that fuels Assad’s war machine, and it gives our diplomats much-needed lever-age in the political process. Additionally, the Caesar bill will sup-port the prosecution of the regime’s war criminals. This includes U.S. as-sistance for cases being tried around the world, many based on evidence in the Caesar file, such as the one re-cently filed by prosecutors in Ger-many. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the Sen-ate still has not acted on this critical legislation. It is time to sanction Assad. It is time to sanction his back-ers. It is time to hold war criminals ac-countable and give justice to victims. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quickly move forward. Please move this legislation to help protect Syrian civilians. Again, I want to thank my colleague not only for his efforts and for his serv-ice to this country, including on the battlefield, but also for his service here today in the interest of humanity. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his leader-ship on this issue and for his very elo-quently delivered speech on the seri-ousness of what is happening. The Syrian civil war is now in its eighth year, and it is approaching a very serious crossroad. While the media focus fades away after some chemical attack or a picture that steals our hearts for a moment, the war crimes being committed and the atrocities taking place in Syria are happening in full force right this very minute. For the last 9 days, the southern bor-der of Syria has been under constant bombardment from airstrikes and bar-rel bomb attacks. Despite a ceasefire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.052 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5969 June 28, 2018 
pact from Russia in July of 2017, we know Syria’s main military ally has continued to carry out attacks on be-half of the Assad regime. This critical moment will affect the future of Syria, the security interests of the United States, and stability within the international community. So what are we going to do about it? Since World War I, we have held that chemical weapons have no place on the battlefield. We have held strong to this principle and its core to the values of our country. We know that the President of Syria, the brutal dictator, Bashar al-Assad, and his ruthless regime have com-mitted countless war crimes, and they are responsible for murdering more than half a million Syrians. We know Assad has used chemical weapons countless times to attack and murder innocent civilians. We know that Russian and Iranian regimes have supported and helped Assad in his genocide on the Syrian people, including airstrikes and at-tacks that account for more than 50,000 dead Syrian children. We have seen the Assad regime, along with his Iranian and Russian backers, starve the people in cities like Madaya, Aleppo, and eastern Ghouta by using food as a weapon. We know the Assad regime has often refused U.N. and other humanitarian organizations from delivering critical humanitarian assistance to the most ravaged cities in Syria. Because we know this, we cannot turn a blind eye. We cannot just sweep this under the rug and ignore the hor-rific reality in Syria right now. We cannot isolate ourselves from this cri-sis. What happens in Syria and what hap-pens in the Middle East has a very real impact on our national security and the security of future generations. If we fail to act in Syria and fail to in-flict punishment over the use of chem-ical weapons, we will ultimately see the end of the nonproliferation treaty of chemical weapons and open the world to ghastly horrors, perpetual in-security, and extreme danger. I support the President’s enforce-ment of those red lines, but we must not be naive enough to think that, if we show weakness elsewhere, it will not happen again. To be clear, I am not suggesting that the United States invade Syria, put 100,000 troops in, and start a regional war, not in the slightest. What I am suggesting is that we take a stand for what is right, what is just, and what is in the best interests of the United States and the freedom-loving people around the world. We need a long-term strategy in Syria that leads to a solution of peace and an end to the ongoing, deadly, and horrific conflict. This strategy should also include the end of the Assad re-gime and a place at the table for all people at the table of government. First, we must maintain a presence in Syria and we must uphold the dees-calation zones that have already been established. By bolstering these areas and making it known that the United States remains in the region, we can thwart the strongmen of Russia and Iran from pushing into these areas and targeting civilians. Internally, both Russia and Iran are fractured and tired. They both view Syria as a power-grab opportunity to take on their enemies: the United States and Israel. It comes as no sur-prise, as we know the true intentions of these bad actors anyway. That being said, we cannot allow Iran to complete its land bridge through the middle of Syria, and we cannot trust the Russians ever on anything. Russian strikes have obliterated residential areas in Syria, displacing thousands. The area’s major hospitals and make-shift hospitals have been targeted and destroyed. Let me say that again. The region’s hospitals have been targeted and de-stroyed. We must take measures to punish Russia and Iran for their crimes. Next, given the dire situation in places like Daraa, we need to establish no-fly zones and maintain a presence to ensure they are being enforced by us and our allies. This is vital for the safe-ty of our coalition units, the humani-tarian aid volunteers, and the Syrian civilians who have been forced to flee their homes and their communities. We need to hold Assad, his regime, and the Russian and Iranian supporters accountable. In April, I spoke on the House floor in support of a bill I introduced with my House Foreign Affairs Committee colleagues, H.R. 4681, the No Assistance for Assad Act. This bill, which passed the House and now sits in the Senate, is a step in the right direction in tak-ing actions in Syria and punishing the Assad regime for its horrific war crimes. H.R. 4681 needs to be implemented, as do the sanctions passed last year against the supporters of the Assad re-gime for their role in the genocide of Syrian civilians. Most importantly, the United States needs to remind the people of Syria that we stand with them. We stand for freedom, and we stand against the in-humane crimes committed against them by this barbaric regime and their Russian and Iranian backers. If you are a 10-year-old kid in Syria and your dad was killed by an air-strike, you might see ISIS as the only opponent to Bashar al-Assad, the butcher of Damascus who brutalized your family, who destroyed your home, who bombed your school, and who left you without an education or oppor-tunity. If you are this 10-year-old kid in Syria right now, you are likely to be a rich target of ISIS recruitment. Sadly, the next generation of terrorism will likely stem from these regions that have no hope or opportunity, that feel completely abandoned and ignored by the international community. I spoke to a Syrian regime defector yesterday named Caesar. Caesar de-fected from the Assad regime and brought with him thousands of pictures and documents proving that the regime tortures, starves, and kills innocent people every day. And, if that isn’t enough, they document these atrocities with cold precision, reminiscent of the actions of Nazi Germany. It is chilling. b1315 Caesar risks his life by sharing his experiences. In our meetings, he self-lessly focuses on others. He emphasized how gravely the people of Syria are suffering every single day. And every single day, the people of Syria cling to the hope that America will speak up and stand with them. I pray for peace, and I urge the ad-ministration to position the United States as the global leader this world needs right now. I also implore the Senate to pass the Caesar Act, sanctioning regime offi-cials involved in the torture and open-ing the path to their capture and trial as war criminals. They must be held accountable. We have passed this bill repeatedly, and we will do so again if we must. But the Senate has an opportunity to make this law and stand with the values that we hold dear. Mr. Speaker, the people of Syria need to know that there is hope. Right now, our lack of a strategy in Syria is leav-ing many with little hope or faith in the United States or our allies. I believe America has a mission in the world, and it is to be an example of self-governance in a world drowning in strongmen, cruelty, and chaos. I be-lieve we have an opportunity to show the people of Syria, and the world, that the American Dream continues. We are still that shining city on a hill and a beacon of hope for peace and pros-perity. When that light dims, it doesn’t give America an opportunity to look within and relax, regain ourselves, and look coldly and detached at the rest of the world. History has shown again and again that a dimming light in Amer-ican leadership only guarantees a fu-ture fight, a future calling up of a gen-eration of Americans to, once again, defeat an enemy. But if we remember this God-given mission and the light on the hill con-tinues to beam bright, then we can cre-ate a generation within the camps of our enemies who rejects their ideology and implements change from within. Behind the Iron Curtain, it wasn’t America’s military action that sliced it in half. It was people behind it seeing our light, peering over that wall, and tearing it down so they, too, could enjoy those freedoms. As a great President, John F. Ken-nedy, said: ‘‘Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.061 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5970 June 28, 2018 
Bashar al-Assad will ultimately pay an awful, eternal price when he meets his Maker. Let’s move that appoint-ment up so that justice here or in the afterlife is swift and soon. Let’s shine our light on the actions of Iran and Russia. Let’s expose with that bright-ness the torture and the bombing of aid convoys and hospitals. Let’s shine that light on the plight of people simply trying to live their lives and to raise their children to be police officers, doc-tors, farmers, factory workers, and mothers and fathers. Let’s speak out for the freedom-lov-ing people who so desperately need our voice. Let’s shine our light on the op-pressive darkness around the world. Mr. Speaker, let’s save Syria. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
IBEW LOCAL 134, DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
USH) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with excitement and a sense of pride in my heart. Today, Mr. Speaker, I am here to share some great news coming out of my hometown of Chicago, Illi-nois, because next week, on Monday, a group of smart, dedicated, and hard-working young African American men from Dunbar High School located in my district will start new jobs in the skills-based industry. These jobs, Mr. Speaker, and the young men’s employment are a result of a robust partnership and a sincere commitment to diversity that brought the city of Chicago, the Chicago public schools, and the IBEW Local 134 to-gether to form an innovative construc-tion trades program. Mr. Speaker, I am extremely encour-aged by these motivated and diligent young men who never gave up and who saw the opportunity and hope that was available to them that extended be-yond their environment. This program, the partnership it represents, and the hopes that it inspires is spot on. It is exactly the type of investment our most vulnerable communities need be-cause it has the potential to yield life- altering results. Programs like this one not only pro-vide hope by decreasing joblessness, but they have the ability to play a major role in reducing the pervasive vi-olence that plagues our Nation and our communities. This particular program, Mr. Speak-er, is an important endeavor that offers more opportunities to underserved communities across the Nation by pro-viding students in their junior and sen-ior years of high school the chance to learn skills in fields including general construction, carpentry, heating, air conditioning, plumbing, welding, and electrical work, among many, many others. After graduation, students have mul-tiple options available to them. They can enter a pre-apprenticeship pro-gram; they can pursue a postsecondary education; or they can obtain profes-sional certification that will lead to immediate employment, as it has for these young men. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a moment and recognize Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s commitment to seeing this program’s initiation and inauguration to get off the ground. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, this would not have been possible without the hard work and devotion of some dedicated individuals and organiza-tions. So I want to thank the IBEW Local 134 and Don Finn, its president, and the city of Chicago, the Chicago public schools, and, most importantly, the instructors and the mentors of these young men for their persistence in seeing that this vision emerged and ensuring that the next generation that builds America represents the diversity of America. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely wish these young men the best as they embark on this new chapter in their lives. I want them to know that, with their perse-verance, they have made it easier for those individuals, those young men and young women, who will follow in their footsteps. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
WHERE IS THE GOP? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the des-ignee of the minority leader. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to follow Mr. R
USH, who was my Congressman growing up all through high school and actually in elementary school. Mr. Speaker, at this very moment, House Republicans are racing out of Washington. Families are being torn apart; children are being ripped from the arms of their mothers; and women who have fled horrific violence are being deported back to their abusers. Yet my Republican colleagues are no-where to be found. Where are they, Mr. Speaker? House Republicans are fleeing the scene of an accident. They are running from the shame and embarrassment of yesterday’s vote on the GOP immigra-tion bill. They are headed for the exits while thousands of kids cry in cages at our borders tonight. That is right, with the world watch-ing and with a humanitarian crisis un-folding right here in America, Speaker R
YAN and the House Republicans sim-ply just gave up and went home. The other party fought for weeks be-hind closed doors. They traded accusa-tions and insults, many of which were quickly leaked to the press. Yesterday, they finally put an immigration bill on the House floor, and it failed by the largest margin in recent memory. But instead of allowing a vote on a true compromise, like the Aguilar- Hurd legislation, Speaker RYANand his leadership team decided to call it quits. They chose to put their fingers in their ears while thousands of kids are crying out for their mothers. Mr. Speaker, 121–301. That was the vote yesterday, and 121–301 tells the story of a Republican Conference in crisis. When he officially retires, 121– 301 should be in the first line of any story written about P
AUL RYAN’s speakership. If Republicans aren’t interested in governing, they should at least step aside and let Democrats take over. If Speaker R
YANisn’t interested in actu-ally solving problems, he should get an early start on his retirement, because right now, it sure looks like House Re-publicans are more interested in fight-ing each other than fighting for the American people. Mr. Speaker, we have been hearing a lot about civility as of late. Repub-licans are upset that Members of this body have said mean things about the President. Republicans whine on FOX News about the White House press sec-retary being turned away from a res-taurant. Republicans writing in the opinion pages are wringing their hands about the deterioration of our public discourse. Give me a break already. b1330 Isn’t it time that we worried less about the lack of civility in our poli-tics and more about the lack of human-ity in our government? Here is all I ask: When my Republic colleagues are enjoying their fireworks and barbecues with their loved ones next week, I hope they will spare a thought for the mothers separated from their loved ones because of Don-ald Trump’s outrageous cruelty. And I hope, just for a minute, that my Re-publican friends will pause and think about their own responsibility for this tragedy. I hope, just for a moment, that they will stop to wonder what future genera-tions of Americans will say about the leaders of today who opted for silence or civility in the face of so much human suffering. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
LGBTQ PRIDE MONTH RESOLUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 30 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I am proud to stand in the House of Representatives today to announce the reintroduction of the LGBTQ Pride 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.062 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5971 June 28, 2018 
Month resolution. This resolution en-courages the celebration of the month of June as LGBTQ Pride Month. I am very proud to say that we are introducing this resolution because we want to commemorate the historic Stonewall uprising that took place at the Stonewall Inn in New York City on June 28, 1969. The resolution has 95 original co-sponsors, and I would dearly like to call each name; but, of course, time doesn’t permit, and I might omit a name. So, Mr. Speaker, please know that it is well supported, and I am proud to have talked to a good many of the cosponsors who are very proud to be associated with this resolution. Mr. Speaker, this resolution cele-brates the accomplishments of many persons in the LGBTQ community, among them, Mayor Annise Parker, who was the first lesbian elected as mayor of the City of Houston—and who did an outstanding job, I might add. It also celebrates the hard work of the transgender community and what it has done to spread awareness about tolerance and inclusion to make sure all people are celebrated in this great country. It recognizes the protesters who stood for human rights and dignity at the Stonewall Inn on June 28, 1969. It recognizes them as some of the pio-neers of the movement. The resolution celebrates the cre-ation of gay rights organizations in major cities in the aftermath of the Stonewall uprising. It highlights the importance of the American Psy-chiatric Association removing homo-sexuality from its list of mental ill-nesses in December of 1973. I want to pause and just say a word about this. Mr. Speaker, this was a sig-nificant accomplishment. It might seem like a small thing to a good many people, but when your very being is de-fined as a mental illness, and that is removed, it means something to peo-ple. It means that people can be them-selves and not thought to be ill. So I am very proud to highlight this and the importance of it. It recognizes Elaine Noble as the first LGBTQ candidate elected to a State legislature in 1974, and Barney Frank, whom I had the honor of serving with in the House of Representatives on the Financial Services Committee, as the first Representative to come out as an openly gay Member of the Congress of the United States in 1987. It highlights the importance of the Civil Service Commission eliminating the ban on hiring homosexuals in most Federal jobs in 1975. Imagine not being hired simply because of who you are. It celebrates Harvey Milk having made national headlines when he was sworn in as an openly gay member of the San Francisco Board of Super-visors. It also highlights the importance of 1980, the Democratic Convention, where Democrats took a stance in sup-port of gay rights. It celebrates Vermont becoming the first State to legally recognize civil unions between gay and lesbian couples in the year 2000. The resolution highlights the impor-tance of the Supreme Court’s ruling in Lawrence v. Texas in June of 2003, which held that, under the 14th Amend-ment, States could not criminalize the private, intimate relationships of same-sex couples. It highlights the significance of Con-gress approving and President Obama signing the repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. It celebrates 2012 as the first year in which all 50 States had at least one LGBTQ-elected official. It celebrates Senator T
AMMY BALD-
WINbeing the first openly gay United States Senator in January of 2013. It highlights the importance of the ruling in the United States v. Windsor, which found section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act, or DOMA, to be uncon-stitutional. It highlights the Equality Act, which was introduced on July 23, 2015, by Con-gressman David Cicilline—with bipar-tisan support, I might add—as the first comprehensive civil rights bill, which amends the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to include sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity among the prohibited categories of discrimination or seg-regation in places of public accommo-dation. It also celebrates Eric Fanning being sworn in as the first openly gay Sec-retary of the Army. Mr. Speaker, Presidents have ac-knowledged this month as Pride Month. President Clinton was the first to do so in 1999. President Obama fol-lowed. It is unfortunate, however, that this President has not done so. This President has not honored the month of June as Pride Month, although he has honored it as a reason to celebrate many other things. We hope that the President will have a change of heart and will recognize June as Pride Month because there is good reason to do so. On June 28, 1969, the patrons of the Stonewall Inn decided to rise up. It was a seminal moment in time for the LGBTQ community. The movement was born out of the necessity to live and thrive in a country where, at the time, it was neither accepted nor safe in many places to do so. Stonewall is recognized by most people as the mo-ment in time when persons decided that they had had enough. It was not unusual for members of the police department to come in. It wasn’t just in Stonewall, not just into New York, but they would go into places where LGBTQ persons would congregate and harass them. It was something that was not accepted, of course, by the community. But offi-cers, for whatever reason, thought that they could do so with impunity and, in fact, did do so with impunity in a good many places. Well, on this date, the members of the community decided that they would not take anymore. There was a pushback from the community in the form of persons just absolutely refus-ing to allow the harassment to take place. An uprising, a riot if you will, took place. As a result, many cities across the country adopted LGBTQ or-ganizations and pride became some-thing that persons wanted to exhibit. This was something that has meta-morphosed from that moment in time to today, when we have Pride celebra-tions across the length and the breadth of the country. In Houston, we had a significant Pride parade. Literally scores of thousands of people were as-sembled and had the opportunity to celebrate with pride the fact that they were members of the LGBTQ commu-nity or they were allies of the LGBTQ community. The LGBTQ community has many al-lies in Congress, allies across the length and breadth of the country and the various statehouses, in police de-partments, allies who are willing to stand up and stand with the LGBTQ community. I count myself as an ally of the community and would hope that, as an ally of the community, what we are doing today will further the under-standing that we, regardless as to who we are, should be proud to be associ-ated with the LGBTQ community and proud to work with the LGBTQ com-munity to acquire the additional rights that we all enjoy, to a certain extent— I say ‘‘we all’’ because there are still some things that are being denied per-sons of African ancestry—but to re-ceive the rights that the Constitution accords all people. I would use, as an example, the right to simply have a job. There are places in this country where persons are still fired because of who they are. Once it is known that a person is a member of the LGBTQ community, they are ter-minated with impunity. We have to do something about this. This is the United States of America. It is the greatest country in the world, and as such, we ought not discriminate against anyone because of who they happen to be. Here in Congress, we have the LGBTQ Caucus. I am proud to be asso-ciated with this caucus. It has taken a stand not only for the rights of mem-bers of the LGBTQ community, but also for the rights of members of other communities. It has taken a stand when it comes to immigration, taken a stand when it comes to integration. The LGBTQ Caucus in the Congress of the United States of America has a very broad reach, a very good under-standing of the notion that human dig-nity is something that should be ac-corded all people. Human rights are not to be denied people because of who they are or who they happen to love. I am honored to be associated with the caucus, and I am a very proud American who stands here tonight to say: Let’s continue to celebrate June as LGBTQ Pride Month, and let’s en-courage the President of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.064 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5972 June 28, 2018 
States of America to do what other Presidents have done. This is a noble thing, it is an honorable thing, and we ask that it be done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. A
DERHOLT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today after 11 a.m. and the balance of the week on account of a family emergency. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, June 29, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5351. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Unverified List (UVL); Correction [Docket No.: 180214174-8174-02] (RIN: 0694-AH54) re-ceived June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5352. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2017 Recreational Accountability Measures and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Gray Triggerfish [Docket No.: 121004518-3398- 01] (RIN: 0648-XF005) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 5353. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s modification of fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #1 Through #4 [Docket No.: 151117999-6370-01] (RIN: 0648-XF355) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5354. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the Ber-ing Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleu-tian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF537) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5355. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Chinook Salmon Prohibited Species Catch Limits in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648-XF786) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5356. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Bering Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648- XF851) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5357. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reapportionment of the 2017 Gulf of Alaska Pacific Halibut Pro-hibited Species Catch Limits for the Trawl Deep-Water and Shallow-Water Fishery Cat-egories [Docket No.: 160920866-7167-02] (RIN: 0648-XF558) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5358. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pa-cific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XF169) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5359. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Re-allocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 150916863-6211- 02] (RIN: 0648-XF209) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 5360. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Yel-lowfin Sole for Vessels Participating in the BSAI Trawl Limited Access Fishery in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF468) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5361. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Deep-Water Species Fishery by Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 170816769-8162-02] (RIN: 0648-XG109] received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5362. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 170817779-8161-02] (RIN: 0648-XG120) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5363. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Green-land Turbot in the Aleutian Islands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 161020985-7181-02] (RIN: 0648-XF389) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5364. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Hook- and-Line Catcher/Processors in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 170816769-8162-02] (RIN: 0648- XF906) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5365. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlan-tic; 2017 Accountability Measure-Based Clo-sures for Recreational Species in the U.S. Caribbean off Puerto Rico [Docket No.: 100120037-1626-02 and 101217620-1788-03] (RIN: 0648-XF344) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5366. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Accountability Measures and Closure for Blueline Tilefish in the South At-lantic Region [Docket No.: 140501394-5279-02] (RIN: 0648-XF525) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5367. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Golden Tilefish Hook-and-Line Component [Docket No.: 120404257-3325-02] (RIN: 0648-XF854) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5368. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 151130999-6594-02] (RIN: 0648-XF834) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN7.065 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5973 June 28, 2018 
5369. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 151130999-6594-02] (RIN: 0648-XF834) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5370. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary orders — Fraser River Sockeye and Pink Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Orders (RIN: 0648-XF775) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5371. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commercial Quota Harvested for the Com-monwealth of Massachusetts [Docket No.: 161017970-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF550) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5372. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Floun-der Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 161017970-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF408) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5373. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 161017970-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF806) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5374. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XF615) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5375. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; North Atlantic Swordfish Fishery [Docket No.: 120627194-3657-02] (RIN: 0648- XF416) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5376. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XF724) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5377. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648-XF577), pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5378. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648-XF472) received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5379. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class D Airspace; Burns Flat, OK; Revocation of Class D Airspace; Clinton-Sherman Airport, OK; and Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Oklahoma Towns: Burns Flat, OK; Clinton, OK; and Elk City, OK [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0618; Airspace Docket No.: 17- ASW-9] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5380. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Van Nuys, CA [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0221; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AWP- 7] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 6258. A bill making ap-propriations for financial services and gen-eral government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–792). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5174. A bill to amend the De-partment of Energy Organization Act with respect to functions assigned to Assistant Secretaries, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–793). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5239. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a voluntary Cyber Sense program to identify and pro-mote cyber-secure products intended for use in the bulk-power system, and for other pur-poses; with amendments (Rept. 115–794). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5240. A bill to provide for certain programs and developments in the Department of Energy concerning the cyber-security and vulnerabilities of, and physical threats to, the electric grid, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–795). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 3500. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice from rehiring any employee of the Inter-nal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from the service for misconduct; with an amendment (Rept. 115–796). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. House Resolution 928. Resolution of inquiry requesting the President and direct-ing the Attorney General to transmit, re-spectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the Presi-dent’s use of the pardon power under article II, section 2 of the Constitution, with an amendment; adversely (Rept. 115–797). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. LESKO (for herself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. B IGGS, Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ): H.R. 6259. A bill to allow a State to submit a State management decision to the Sec-retary of Education to combine certain funds to improve the academic achievement of stu-dents; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. V ELA, Mr. S OTO, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. S
CHIFF ): H.R. 6260. A bill to ensure Members of Con-gress have access to Federal facilities in order to exercise their Constitutional over-sight responsibilities; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BUDD (for himself and Mr. H
AR-
RIS): H.R. 6261. A bill to require short-term lim-ited duration insurance issuers to renew or continue in force such coverage at the option of the enrollees; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 6262. A bill to require a report on the efforts and options to mitigate the acoustic attacks on Foreign Service officers and their families and the physical protection capa-bilities to protect United States embassies, consulates, and residences, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. C
OHEN ): H.R. 6263. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recognition of their extraordinary serv-ice during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JN7.000 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5974 June 28, 2018 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Ms. K
AP-
TUR, and Mr. R OHRABACHER ): H.R. 6264. A bill to promote the leadership of the United States in global innovation by establishing a robust patent system that re-stores and protects the right of inventors to own and enforce private property rights in inventions and discoveries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. K EATING ): H.R. 6265. A bill to ensure that only trav-elers who are members of a trusted traveler program use Transportation Security Ad-ministration security screening lanes des-ignated for trusted travelers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6266. A bill to amend title 40 to re-quire the Administrator of General Services to make feminine hygiene products available in restrooms in public buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. P OSEY ): H.R. 6267. A bill to amend the Federal Ocean Acidification Research and Moni-toring Act of 2009 to establish an Ocean Acidification Advisory Board, to expand and improve the research on Ocean Acidification and Coastal Acidification, to establish and maintain a data archive system for Ocean Acidification data and Coastal Acidification data, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C UL-
BERSON , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 6268. A bill to exclude the Internal Revenue Service from the provisions of title 5, United States Code, relating to labor-man-agement relations; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. L
AHOOD (for himself and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6269. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to restructure the pay-ment adjustment for non-emergency ESRD ambulance transports under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Mr. M
AST, and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 6270. A bill to provide for a study by the Ocean Studies Board of the National Academies of Science examining the impact of ocean acidification and other stressors in estuarine environments; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6271. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require notarized acknowl-edgment by the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who is eligible for insurance under the Servicemembers’ Group Life Insur-ance Program before the member may elect to not to be insured under such Program, to be insured under the Program for an amount less than the maximum amount, or to des-ignate a beneficiary other than the member’s spouse or child; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 6272. A bill to authorize a special re-source study on the spread vectors of chronic wasting disease in Cervidae, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California (for herself and Mr. W
ALDEN ): H.R. 6273. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to ensure appropriate care by certain 340B covered entities for vic-tims of sexual assault, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Mr. H
UFFMAN , and Ms. R OSEN ): H.R. 6274. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend certain tax cred-its related to electric cars, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6275. A bill to provide that the 12 weeks of parental leave made available to a Federal employee shall be paid leave, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6276. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the treatment of use of public infrastructure property for the private business use test for private activity bonds, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self and Mr. P
AULSEN ): H.R. 6277. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the de-duction for qualified business income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 6278. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the possession of a firearm by, or the disposition of a firearm to, a person who has been convicted of a mis-demeanor crime of animal cruelty; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6279. A bill to amend the Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act to include bullying and harassment prevention programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R USH, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Ms. L EE): H.R. 6280. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to include Parent PLUS loans in income-contingent and income- based repayment plans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas (for him-self, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B ACON , and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 6281. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to expand the circumstances under which participants may elect to dis-continue participation in the Survivor Bene-fits Plan, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Ms. MOORE , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. N
OLAN ): H.R. 6282. A bill to place a moratorium on the United States Postal Service’s mail proc-essing facility closure and consolidation and to maintain Postal Service delivery stand-ards, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 6283. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow individuals only enrolled in Medicare Part A to contribute to health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. K
APTUR , and Ms. L
EE): H.R. 6284. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to report to Congress on the gender pay gap in the teenage labor force; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 6285. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a major medical facility project in Jacksonville, Florida; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 6286. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to make the provision of Wi-Fi access on school buses eli-gible for E-rate support; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. K INGof New York): H.R. 6287. A bill to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and main-tenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself and Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana): H.R. 6288. A bill to require research in coastal sustainability and resilience, to en-sure that the Federal Government continues to implement and advance coastal resiliency efforts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6289. A bill to revise the composition of the Board of Zoning Adjustment for the District of Columbia so that the Board will consist solely of members appointed by the government of the District of Columbia, ex-cept when the Board is performing functions regarding an application by a foreign mis-sion with respect to a chancery; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. C
AL-
VERT , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK ): H.R. 6290. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for reporting and disclosure by State and local public em-ployee retirement pension plans; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina (for himself and Mr. N
ORMAN ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JN7.100 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5975 June 28, 2018 
H.R. 6291. A bill to exempt from certain re-quirements of the Clean Air Act incinerator units owned and operated by a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency when used for the sole purpose of destroying con-traband or household pharmaceuticals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. M
ACARTHUR , and Mrs. L OVE): H.R. 6292. A bill to amend the Liability Risk Retention Act of 1986 to expand the types of commercial insurance authorized for risk retention groups serving nonprofit organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6293. A bill to require the Clerk of the House of Representatives and the Secretary of the Senate to establish a process by which registered voters may sign national dis-charge petitions with respect to bills and joint resolutions introduced in or referred to the House and Senate, to require the House or Senate to hold a vote on the passage of any bill or joint resolution if a certain num-ber of registered voters sign the national dis-charge petition for the bill or joint resolu-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Rules, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHIMKUS (for himself and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H.R. 6294. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to encourage the development of priority antimicrobial products through the award of a transferable exclusivity extension period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. S
TIV-
ERS, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 6295. A bill to require a Government political appointee to reimburse the Govern-ment for the unlawful use of Federal funds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. D
UN-
CANof Tennessee, Mr. L EWIS of Min-nesota, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. R ASKIN ): H.R. 6296. A bill to amend the Arms Export Control Act to modify certification and re-port requirements relating to sales of major defense equipment with respect to which nonrecurring costs of research, development, and production are waived or reduced under the Arms Export Control Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 6297. A bill to regulate the importa-tion, manufacture, possession, sale or trans-fer of assault weapons, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 6298. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require States to designate public high schools as voter registration agencies, to direct such schools to conduct voter registration drives for students attending such schools, to direct the Secretary of Education to make grants to reimburse such schools for the costs of conducting such voter registration drives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-gia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. T AYLOR , and Mr. G AR-
RETT ): H. Con. Res. 126. Concurrent resolution af-firming the importance of religious freedom as a fundamental human right that is essen-tial to a free society and protected for all people of the United States under the Con-stitution of the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia): H. Con. Res. 127. Concurrent resolution condemning gun violence and its impact on youth by supporting the enactment of legis-lation to prevent future school and neighbor-hood shootings; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and En-ergy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
RIST, Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. E STYof Con-necticut, Mr. H
ECK, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. S OTO, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. S
IRES, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. K
EATING , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , and Mr. M CEACHIN ): H. Res. 972. A resolution encouraging the celebration of the month of June as LGBTQ Pride Month; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. LEVIN: H. Res. 973. A resolution expressing support for the designation of July 15, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Leiomyosarcoma Awareness Day’’ and the designation of July 2018, as ‘‘National Sarcoma Awareness Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Mr. HAS-
TINGS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R
USH, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C LAY, Ms. L EE, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. S OTO, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): H. Res. 974. A resolution supporting Afri-can American’s Music Education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SARBANES (for himself, Ms. P
ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B ERA, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHU of California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. C
LAY, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L
ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Geor-gia, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-bama, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. S IRES, Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JN7.100 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5976 June 28, 2018 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W
ALZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. V
ELA, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. B
ASS, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. R
USH, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. R
UIZ, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Mr. F OSTER ): H. Res. 975. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Americans have a right to fair representa-tion and that America’s democratic institu-tions are in urgent need of repair to provide greater responsiveness and accountability to the people through critical reforms that em-power the American voter, strengthen our Nation’s ethics laws, and fix our broken cam-paign finance system; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , and Mr. P
ITTENGER ): H. Res. 976. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that complete, verifiable, and irreversible human rights improvements in the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of North Korea should be part of a United States strategy for a nuclear free Korean peninsula and a free and open Indo- Pacific region; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H. Res. 977. A resolution expressing support for the designation of July 30, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Whistleblower Appreciation Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H. Res. 978. A resolution honoring the life of Trayvon Martin, urging the repeal of Stand Your Ground laws, and calling on the United States Government to address the crisis of racial profiling; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 6258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mrs. LESKO: H.R. 6259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 6260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 6262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 6263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the authority to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MASSIE: H.R. 6264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by secur-ing for limited times to authors and inven-tors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.’’ By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 6265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Alticle 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-ernment of the United States or in any De-partment or Officer thereof. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 6267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 6268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Com-merce Clause) of the Constitution of the United States which grants Congress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ as well as Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) of the Constitution of the United States which gives Congress the power to make all laws necessary and proper for car-rying out the powers vested to Congress. By Mr. LAHOOD: H.R. 6269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Cl. 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 6270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 6272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution of the United States. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 6273. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 6274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6275. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6276. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 1 and Amendment XVI By Mr, BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6277. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 1 and Amendment XVI By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6278. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6279. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 6280. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JN7.100 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5977 June 28, 2018 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 provides Con-gress with the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas: H.R. 6281. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have the power to provide for the common defense By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6282. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 7, of Section 8, Article I of the U.S. Constitution: ‘‘To establish Post Offices and post Roads;’’ By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 6283. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . .’’ to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6284. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, Con-gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution theforegoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of hte United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 6285. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 6286. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 6287. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 6288. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6289. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 6290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 6291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—The Con-gress shall have power to . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 6292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3 By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SHIMKUS: H.R. 6294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 6295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Sec 8 By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 6297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 6298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 50: Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 105: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 852: Ms. M
OORE , Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 858: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 936: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1022: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1048: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1270: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 1300: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1318: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 1377: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1380: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1409: Mr. G
IANFORTE and Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1439: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1552: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1563: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 1602: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1651: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, and Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 1676: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1683: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1810: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1818: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 1881: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 2008: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 2267: Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 2435: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 2472: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mrs. B
USTOS , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2858: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2946: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2976: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 3026: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3034: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3138: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 3224: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 3400: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 3671: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 3857: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 3931: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 3984: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 4006: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4022: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 4044: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 4186: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 4271: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 4391: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 4557: Mr. R
OSS, Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4732: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mrs. B
USTOS , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4878: Mr. W
ELCH and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4886: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4898: Mr. K
IND, Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4915: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana and Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 4957: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 5060: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5105: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 5107: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 5129: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. C OOPER , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 5155: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5358: Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 5373: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 5385: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, and Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 5417: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 5499: Mr. K
ING of New York, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. R
EICHERT , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 5576: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5595: Mr. M
ARSHALL and Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas. H.R. 5658: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5711: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5732: Mr. S
HIMKUS and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 5814: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 5948: Mr. M
ULLIN and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5949: Mr. M
ULLIN and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 5955: Mr. H
ARRIS and Mr. G IANFORTE . H.R. 5963: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. E
MMER , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. B ARR, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P EARCE , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5986: Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. R
OSS, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. T IP-
TON. H.R. 5996: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 6014: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. C
OLE, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 6018: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 6081: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 6087: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6089: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 6112: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 6172: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 6174: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 6183: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 6195: Mr. P
OEof Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.044 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5978 June 28, 2018 
H.R. 6204: Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 6207: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 6225: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 6232: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 6236: Ms. P
LASKETT and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 6238: Mr. L
AMB, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. H
ANABUSA , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 6251: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.J. Res. 33: Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. G
OSAR , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mrs. B
LACK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. G RIFFITH . H. Res. 188: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H. Res. 593: Mr. ENGEL . H. Res. 864: Mr. H
ECK, Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H. Res. 894: Mr. L
AMBORN and Mr. B UCK. H. Res. 927: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H. Res. 944: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 970: Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. G AR-
RETT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:09 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN7.015 H28JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4689 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 2018 No. 109 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
EAN H
ELLER , a Senator from the State of Nevada. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Sovereign God, thank You that Your mercies endure forever. Show us Your ways and teach us Your paths as You lead us with Your truth. Today, set the hearts of our law-makers on Heaven’s way. In all of their actions, may they seek Your celestial approval. Remind them that You are the only constituent they absolutely must please. May our Senators stand on Your promises and lean on Your grace. Lord, thank You for Your mercy. You lift the lowly, satisfy the thirsty, and fill the hungry with good things. And, Lord, thank You for the faith-fulness of our summer pages. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 28, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable DEANHELLER , a Sen- ator from the State of Nevada, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. HELLER thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 2, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
Roberts amendment No. 3224, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell (for Thune) amendment No. 3134 (to amendment No. 3224), to modify con-servation reserve program provisions. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
RETIREMENT OF JUSTICE ANTHONY KENNEDY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I want to take another opportunity to pay tribute to Justice Anthony Ken-nedy, who announced yesterday that he will retire from active service and as-sume senior status at the end of July. Justice Kennedy deserves our sincere thanks for his service and our con-gratulations on a truly remarkable ca-reer. He served our Nation on the Fed-eral Bench for 43 years, 30 of which he spent as an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. His contributions to American juris-prudence have been many. In par-ticular, he has earned our gratitude for his steadfast defense of the vital First Amendment right to political speech. We congratulate Justice Kennedy, his wife Mary, and their entire family on this well-earned retirement. We wish them every happiness during the additional time they will get to spend together in the years ahead. FILLING THE UPCOMING SUPREME COURT  
VACANCY  
As I stated yesterday, the Senate stands ready to fulfill our constitu-tional role by offering advice and con-sent on President Trump’s nominee to fill the vacancy that Justice Kennedy’s retirement will create. The Senate will vote to confirm Justice Kennedy’s suc-cessor this fall. This is not 2016. There aren’t the final months of a second-term, con-stitutionally lame duck Presidency with a Presidential election fast ap-proaching. We are right in the middle of this President’s very first term. To my knowledge, nobody on either side has either suggested before yester-day that the Senate should process Su-preme Court nominations only in odd- numbered years. The situation today is much like when Justice Kagan was confirmed in 2010 and when Justice Breyer was confirmed in 1994 and Jus-tice Souter in 1990. In each case, the President was about a year and a half into his first term. So just as on numerous other occa-sions, the process to confirm Justice Kennedy’s successor will take place this year. As in the case of Justice Gorsuch, Senators will have the oppor-tunity to meet with President Trump’s nominee, examine his or her qualifica-tions, and debate the nomination. I am confident Chairman G
RASSLEY will ca-pably lead the Judiciary Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.000 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4690 June 28, 2018 
through the confirmation process that lies before us. The President’s nominee should be considered fairly and not subjected to personal attacks. Unfortunately, far- left special interest groups are already calling on Senate Democrats to oppose anyone—anyone—on President Trump’s long list of potential nomi-nees. The ink wasn’t even dry on Jus-tice Kennedy’s resignation letter be-fore my friend the Democratic leader seemed to echo that right here on the floor—that none of the exceptional legal minds on this list would be toler-able to him. Think of that. These are 25 Ameri-cans from all over the country who have excelled in their professions. The idea that any of them—let alone all of them—would be automatically unac-ceptable is totally absurd. Unfortunately, I am afraid this may just be a precursor of all the unfair at-tacks to come, both from inside and outside the Senate. Fortunately, we have every reason to expect an outstanding selection. Presi-dent Trump’s judicial nominations to date have reflected a keen under-standing of the vital role judges play in our constitutional order: interpreting the law fairly, applying it evenhandedly, setting aside personal preferences, and assessing what the law actually says. These traits have char-acterized the excellent nominees the President has sent to the Senate. I look forward to another such nomina-tion. Mr. President, on another matter, we hope to wrap up our consideration of the farm bill, a victory for American agriculture. All week, I have high-lighted some of the ways this impor-tant legislation will support the family farmers whose harvest feeds America and supplies the world. It is an understatement to say this bill comes at an opportune time. Amer-ican farm communities need stability, and they need predictability—and they need it urgently. The industry is filled with uncer-tainty. There are volatile world mar-kets. There are persisting low com-modity prices. There are natural disas-ters beyond their control. All of these things make it harder for our growers to go about their business. They de-pend on the kind of long-term cer-tainty that this legislation will pro-vide. This subject is extremely important to me, as the proud senior Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky and as a Member who has served on the Agriculture Committee since my first day in office. Agriculture is in the bones of our State. It is a huge part of who we are. From soybeans and corn to hay and tobacco, to poultry and live-stock, Kentucky agriculture encom-passes a multibillion-dollar industry that supports thousands and thousands of good jobs in nearly every corner of the Commonwealth. Kentuckians know as well as anyone just how important American agriculture is, and we under-stand as well as anyone all of the unique challenges it faces. That is why I am pleased to support this bill, which will bolster the safety net programs for our producers. It will also enhance infrastructure investment in rural communities on everything from local water projects to broadband internet, to helping curb the drug epi-demic in rural America. And it gets Washington out of farmers’ way in areas where bureaucracy is holding them back. One such area is industrial hemp. Consumers across America buy hun-dreds of millions in retail products every year that contain hemp. But due to outdated Federal regulations that do not sufficiently distinguish this in-dustrial crop from its illicit cousin, American farmers have been mostly unable to meet that demand them-selves. It has left consumers with little choice but to buy imported hemp prod-ucts from foreign-produced hemp. Fortunately, this farm bill will change that. It builds on the success of the pilot program I initiated 5 years ago and will break down the major Federal barriers that prevent American farmers from fully exploring the bur-geoning hemp market. When this be-comes law—subject to proper regula-tion and oversight—U.S. producers will no longer be barred from this legiti-mate U.S. market. I am also proud of how this farm bill has come about. The chairman and ranking member, Senators R
OBERTS  and S
TABENOW , assembled it through an exemplary bipartisan committee process that included 73 amendments. Here on the floor, 18 more bipartisan amendments were adopted in the sub-stitute amendment. It was my personal hope that we could have had even more amendment votes, but the Senate is a consent-based institution, and Mem-bers have the ability to object. Never-theless, the transparent and open lead-ership of Chairman R
OBERTS and Rank-ing Member S
TABENOW has been com-mendable. Now the time has come to deliver. The farm bill is too important a sub-ject to keep our farmers and their fam-ilies waiting. After all, the groups charged with advocating on their be-half overwhelmingly support it. More than 500 industry groups and advocates representing agriculture, food, nutri-tion, hunger, forestry, conservation, faith-based and research interests have already publicly backed the Senate bill. Nearly 70 such groups had this to say in a recent letter to Congress: ‘‘During a prolonged recession in agri-culture, failure to pass a farm bill on time would undermine the financial se-curity of America’s food, fuel, crop and fiber producers.’’ The Senate must not fail that test. It is time to pass the farm bill. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on another matter, it has been a little over 6 months since this Republican Congress passed his-toric tax reform legislation. Already, we have seen big headlines: millions of worker bonuses, plans for thousands of new jobs, and billions of dollars being invested here in the United States; in-dividual companies announcing billions in new American investments; small business optimism at its highest level since President Reagan’s first term. But these national headlines don’t tell the whole story on their own. This week, I have discussed how tax reform is already transforming American fam-ilies’ kitchen-table conversations: how lower rates and larger deductions are letting them pocket more of their hard-earned money and how our new corporate tax structure has already started paving the way for higher wages. If you pick up a local paper in almost any State, you will find yet another angle to this story. From Montana to Florida, Americans are paying less to keep the lights on. That is right. De-spite warnings from our Democratic colleagues that tax reform savings would never reach consumers, utilities all across America are already making that happen. In my home State of Kentucky, the new Tax Code led to announced rate cuts of up to 6 percent for Kentucky Utilities and Louisville Gas & Electric customers. Just this month, Idaho Power an-nounced a 7-percent rate cut for con-sumers. In Pennsylvania, Metropolitan Edi-son is one of 17 utilities that is plan-ning to deliver rate savings, thanks to the new tax law. On July 1, more than half a million customers in Philadel-phia can expect their electric bills to drop by as much as 8 percent. Help with the monthly bills, higher take-home pay, and new job opportuni-ties because American enterprise is thriving are what tax reform means around middle-class kitchen tables. This is why Republicans passed this historic law. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
FILLING THE UPCOMING SUPREME COURT  
VACANCY  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday, Justice Anthony Kennedy an-nounced his retirement, creating a va-cancy on the Supreme Court. After Kennedy’s departure, the Supreme Court will be evenly divided between Justices appointed by Republican Presidents and Justices appointed by Democratic Presidents. Whoever fills Justice Kennedy’s seat on the Court will have an opportunity to impact the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.002 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4691 June 28, 2018 
laws of the United States and the rights of its citizens for a generation. Because Justice Kennedy was fre-quently independently minded and was a deciding vote on important issues like marriage equality and a woman’s right to choose, a more ideological suc-cessor could upend decades of prece-dent and drag America backward to a time before Americans with pre-existing conditions could affordably ac-cess healthcare, to a time before women could not be prosecuted as criminals for exercising their reproduc-tive rights, to a time before gay and lesbian Americans could marry whom they love. An ideological Justice more extreme in his views than Kennedy could eviscerate the rights of workers to organize and bargain collectively for a fair wage and stretch the bounds of Executive power for a President who has demonstrated little respect for them. Of course, if Republicans were con-sistent, they would wait to consider Justice Kennedy’s successor until after the midterm elections. Time and again, Leader M
CCONNELL justified his un-justifiable blockade of Merrick Garland by claiming the American people should have a voice in deciding the next Supreme Court Justice. That was in February of an election year. It is now almost July. If the Senate’s constitutional duty to advise and consent is just as important as the President’s right to nominate, which the Constitution says it is, why should a midterm election be any less important than a Presidential elec-tion? Leader M
CCONNELL is simply en-gaging in hypocrisy. Whomever the President picks, it is all too likely they are going to over-turn healthcare protections and Roe v. Wade. We don’t need to guess. Presi-dent Trump has said time and again he would appoint judges who would do those two things—overturn Roe v. Wade and overturn healthcare protec-tions. On November 11, 2016, then Presi-dent-Elect Trump said: ‘‘I am pro-life; the judges will be pro-life.’’ In a debate against Secretary Clinton, then-Can-didate Trump said: ‘‘Because I am pro- life, and I will be appointing pro-life judges, I would think that that will go back to the individual states.’’ It is im-possible to conclude that President Trump will appoint a Justice whom we can have faith will leave Roe v. Wade as settled law. President Trump said, in his own words, that he wants to ap-point a Justice to give the Court a ma-jority that will overturn Roe v. Wade, so count on it. President Trump will, in all likeli-hood, nominate a Justice willing to send Roe ‘‘back to the states’’—again, those are President Trump’s own words—where several are preparing, if not already prepared, to roll back a woman’s right to choose. In fact, ac-cording to the Guttmacher Institute, there are at least 18 States where abor-tion would be wholly or partially ille-gal almost immediately. That is against what America wants. It is be-cause the President and his hard-right ideological judicial acolytes are way far away from where the American peo-ple are and are trying to create a Court that will turn the clock backward in so many ways, with Roe at the top of the list. We also know President Trump will likely nominate a Justice willing to re-interpret the Court’s ruling that our current healthcare law is constitu-tional. Again, listen to President Trump’s own words. On January 1, 2016, Candidate Trump said that ‘‘Justice Roberts turned out to be an absolute disaster because he gave us ObamaCare.’’ Later, he said: ‘‘I don’t think I’ll have any catastrophic ap-pointment like Justice Roberts.’’ Even Justice Roberts was too far to the middle for the President on healthcare. President Trump made it crystal clear that he is going to nomi-nate somebody hostile to the Court’s ruling on healthcare. There is no other way to interpret President Trump’s words, so count on it. He will appoint a nominee who will roll back healthcare protections for tens of millions of Americans. America doesn’t want that, but, again, the hard-right acolytes whom President Trump listens to want to use the Court to roll back America’s rights and privileges. We can be sure the next nominee, of course, will obfuscate, deny, and hide behind the shop-worn judicial dodge: ‘‘I will follow settled law.’’ As we saw this week in the Janus decision, settled law is only settled until the Supreme Court Justices on the Court decide it isn’t. Yesterday, they reversed 40 years of precedent in a ruling that stretched the meaning of the First Amendment to meet their ideological predisposi-tions—their anti-union bias. Already there is a case wending its way through the courts that questions the constitutionality of the healthcare law. By repealing the coverage require-ment, Republicans have removed the foundation upon which the Chief Jus-tice based his ruling to uphold the law. If the change in the law changes Jus-tice Roberts’ mind, which is very like-ly, and the new jurist is as biased against our healthcare system as Presi-dent Trump said he or she will be, mil-lions of Americans could see their pre-existing condition protections wiped out. I say to America, 80 percent to 90 per-cent of you believe we should have pre-existing condition protections. The nominee of the President is likely to undo them and leave tens of millions of American families helpless. Stand up now, America, before this happens. The Trump administration decided the Federal Government will not de-fend the law protecting preexisting conditions in the Court. The next Su-preme Court Justice may indeed be faced with casting a deciding vote on the fate of our healthcare, and we al-ready know, unfortunately, the kind of vote President Trump wants. Now, my friend Leader MCCONNELL  warned the Senate to not get into per-sonal attacks on the President’s nomi-nee. Of course, he doesn’t seem to mind the President who makes personal at-tacks his daily MO, but be that as it may, I can assure my friend the Repub-lican leader that there is no desire and no need to get into personal attacks. There are so many weighty issues hanging over the vacant seat: a wom-an’s right to choose, the fate of our healthcare law, the right of workers to organize, the pernicious influence of dark money in politics, the right of Americans to marry whom they love, the right to vote. We will discuss these issues on the merits and consider a nominee in light of these issues, but discussing a preordained list of can-didates who meet the hard right’s ideo-logical litmus tests? That is certainly legitimate, and we are going to con-tinue to bring that up. We will evalu-ate the President’s nominees on the issues, but every American should have his or her eyes wide open to the fact that President Trump is not picking the best legal mind. He has sworn to nominate a Justice culled from a pre-ordained list, vetted by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Soci-ety—organizations whose mission has been to repeal Roe v. Wade and strike at the heart of our healthcare law. Does anyone believe a nominee on that prevetted list doesn’t want to chal-lenge Roe? How do you think they got to be on that list, with the Federalist Society, led by Leonard Leo, whose goal is to repeal Roe v. Wade, putting it together, and Trump rubberstamping it? Given what the President has said, it is virtually certain that members of the list of 25 would vote to overturn Roe. So let this be a call to action for Americans from all corners of the country to rise up and speak out. Don’t let this new Court—this new nominee, whomever he or she may be—turn back the clock on issue after issue because President Trump has embraced a hard- right group who has a veto power over nominees. Don’t let us turn back the clock, America. Stand up. Speak out. Democrats, Republicans, liberals, con-servatives—all should want a much fairer process. America, tell your Senators that if you do not want a Supreme Court Jus-tice who will overturn Roe v. Wade, those Senators should not vote for a candidate from the list. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. President, a word on immigra-tion. Yesterday, the House Republican majority tried and failed to pass two distinct immigration proposals. They cannot find agreement, even within their own caucus, on how to handle the situation at the border or broader re-forms to our immigration system. It is as clear an indication to date that President Trump must fix this situa-tion on his own. He has the power to immediately and administratively re-verse his family separation policy at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.004 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4692 June 28, 2018 
the border, which remains intact. He has the power to appoint a family re-unification czar, to marshal and orga-nize the various Federal agencies in charge of reunifying families. Presi-dent Trump should exercise that power to start cleaning up the mess he made with his slapdash family separation policy. 
RUSSIA  
Mr. President, this morning, the President tweeted that ‘‘Russia con-tinues to say they had nothing to do with meddling in our election’’ before trying to turn the focus back on the FBI. Why does President Trump take the word of bullies like Mr. Putin at face value, while constantly ques-tioning the credibility of our own intel-ligence agencies? It’s outrageous. We don’t ask the bank robber if they robbed a bank. Seventeen intelligence agencies have concluded, definitively, that Russia has meddled in our election. There is no reason to question their findings. The President just continues to delib-erately spread falsehoods for the sake of his personal political interests. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I again rise, especially today, as the Sen-ate continues to consider legislation on an issue that is critically important to our Nation. It is the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, or what we call the farm bill. I want to emphasize again—and I don’t know how I can emphasize this more strongly—that I hope my col-leagues will understand that the re-sponsibility, the absolute requirement is to provide farmers, ranchers, grow-ers, and everyone within America’s food chain certainty and predictability during these very difficult times that we are experiencing in agriculture. As I speak, right now in Kansas, farmers are on combines, and trucks are taking grain to the elevator or to storage, more likely, with the wheat harvest. I can see in several counties, probably up in Northwest Kansas. We have finished that in the southern part of our State. These are the same folks who have had combines on the move from Texas to Oklahoma and now in Kansas. I can see a farmer who had planned on harvesting this week, but, perhaps, due to a hail storm, he is in a bad situation. Luckily for him, he has crop insurance, and luckily for him, we have been able to preserve crop insur-ance after going through several iterations of attempts to cut it—or, as some people say, reform it. I can see him saying: When is the Congress going to pass the farm bill? When can I go to my banker, my lender, and tell him I have assurance that I can keep going on the farm next year, especially if his crop has been destroyed, which hap-pens. That is the person I am thinking about, especially today, when I think we ought to wrap this up. It is time, es-pecially with regard to what we have accomplished so far. The bill passed the Ag Committee. This bill had a strong bipartisan vote of 20 to 1. This month, this bill exactly provides the certainty and the predictability that I have just mentioned. The Ag Committee product also includes por-tions of 67 stand-alone bills, and an ad-ditional 74 amendments were adopted in the committee, and we have in-cluded 18 amendments thus far during consideration in the full Senate. We have worked to include as many prior-ities for Members as possible, and we want to work on a possible managers’ package to include a handful of addi-tional amendments. So it is not like a situation where Members have not had an opportunity to vote. Senator STABE -
NOW and I have extended our out-reached hands to Members to say that we stand ready to consider your amendments. We are endeavoring to craft a farm bill that meets the need of producers across all regions and all crops. In Michigan, where oftentimes I go with Senator S
TABENOW and have agri-culture roundtables, or even individual visits, I look at that great State’s pro-duction with regard, more specially, to special crops. They are struggling. Kansas farmers are struggling. Cali-fornia growers are struggling. All of agriculture is struggling—not just one or two commodities. We must have a bill that works across all of our great Nation. More than 500 organizations rep-resenting thousands in agriculture, food, nutrition, hunger, forestry, con-servation, rural business, faith-based organizations, research, and academic issues have issued statements sup-porting this bill. This is what happens when the Senate works in a bipartisan fashion. We are doing just that. This is a good bill that accomplishes what we set out to do—again, to provide cer-tainty and predictability for farmers, families, and rural America. It is especially timely when we have a trade policy that has a question mark at the end of it. I dearly hope that the President is successful with trade negotiations—with NAFTA. I think we should take another look at TPP or China and the problem with tariffs. I know the administration is trying to send a very strong message and address the trade deficit that we have had, but the moment that hap-pens, there is retaliation, and 90 per-cent of the time, the retaliation comes at agriculture and small manufacturers all across the country, and for that matter, everybody up and down the food chain and in many other areas of the economy as well. So, again, that farmer is out there on that combine in Kansas trying to finish up his crop. Hopefully, the weather has not destroyed it, but, again, if that has happened, he at least has crop insur-ance. He wants assurance, and I know what he is saying because I visit with them all the time. In my entire public career, this is my eighth farm bill. This is not our first rodeo, Senator STABENOW , as you well know. I know what he is thinking. He is thinking: R
OBERTS said he would get us a bill. Senator M
ORAN says he is going to get us a bill. The entire Kansas dele-gation says: We are working on a farm bill. And we do that every time. We need to wrap this up today. I look forward to working with my colleagues on continuing to move this process for-ward. I would simply say that we need to get this done. Again, the paramount issue is to get it done and to provide farmers certainty and predictability. If I sound like I am repeating that 10 times, I intend to. All other issues, which I know Senators feel are terribly important, come into second place. I have strong issues. I mean, this is not the best possible bill. It is the best bill possible, and we worked very hard to produce that. I yield to my distinguished colleague from Michigan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I am here to join Chairman R
OBERTS  with his sense of urgency and his com-ments this morning. We have worked very hard, and the distinguished Presiding Officer, who is part of the committee, knows that we have produced a bill that is a strong bi-partisan bill. It has gone on to address many other interests and needs that Members have brought forward in the substitute, and we are now working with Members as well. But there is a sense of urgency in the country. There are so many things right now that are up in the air for farmers and ranchers. It is a very difficult time. This bill, really, is a bill that pro-vides a safety net for farmers and a safety net for families. As for families, because the economy is getting better, we are actually saving money. Over $80 billion is going to be saved in taxpayer dollars not used over the next 10 years because the economy is getting better. People don’t need temporary help. But for our farmers, because of prices that have dropped significantly, be-cause of questions about trade and markets, because of questions about labor and so many other things, they are under tremendous stress. Then, you add the weather. I was just in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan on Sunday night and Monday, where rain came crashing down in just a few hours and created flooding and mudslides and wiped out homes and key operations and other things that are going to take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.001 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4693 June 28, 2018 
weeks and months for folks to recover from. The riskiest business in the world is farming. Nobody else is get-ting up in the morning and looking at the weather report and determining whether they are even going to have a business. By the way, we want them to have a business. We have the safest, most af-fordable food supply in the world be-cause of the folks who are willing to get up every day and do this and take this risk for us and, frankly, for the world. So we have a responsibility to them. It just breaks my heart when I see headlines in the paper now about the suicide rate going up for farmers. It is higher than for any other group of peo-ple. Our strong dairy farmers are peo-ple who put everything on the line, family operations, and because of the stress coming at them from every way now, they are in a terrible situation. They are counting on us to do what we can to provide certainty and stability for them, and the No. 1 way we can do that is to get this bill passed. I can’t think of a better way to say ‘‘Happy Fourth of July’’ than to say that the U.S. Senate, on a bipartisan basis, has overwhelmingly passed a bill to sup-port them. We know there are other issues on both sides of the aisle. We know in con-ference committee there is going to be a wild and woolly debate as we go for-ward on a number of things. We under-stand there are other issues we can re-visit at that time. We both have been through conference committees. We know what that is all about. Here is what we know right now: We have a strong, bipartisan bill that helps every single region of this coun-try. We have a big, diverse country, and we help all of our farmers and ranchers. We address conservation in every part of our country. We address food access and create integrity in pro-grams that are very important to have, and we do all of that in a bill we can be proud to pass on a bipartisan basis. So now is the time to do that. Then we will continue working. We know there is more we need to do to work with the House in coming to a broader consensus. We know there are other issues our colleagues will want to bring forward in that process, but today—today—we can say to farmers and ranchers, large and small: We hear you. We understand what is going on, and we are going to do what we can today to provide the certainty and pre-dictability they need and a sense of confidence that there are people who are fighting for them and who are going to continue to fight for them until we can get them the certainty and predictability they need. I hope we are on path to doing that today. It has been my great pleasure to work with the chairman of the com-mittee. I am very grateful for our friendship and a great working rela-tionship. We are going to do everything we can today, working with our col-leagues, to get that done. Mr. ROBERTS. I thank my colleague and my friend. How many times have we heard from the folks back home: Why on Earth do you folks back there keep fussing at one another? Why don’t you work to-gether to get something done? Well, amen to that. That is the bill we have produced. I remember the gold medal ceremony of Senator Bob Dole. He was presented a gold medal for his tremendous leader-ship in the Senate. He was known for working across the aisle and getting things done. When we awarded that gold medal several months ago in Stat-uary Hall, Bob, at 94 years old, stood up when they played the national an-them, from his wheelchair, on his own. For a time on a Tuesday, we were partisan in the House and to some de-gree in the Senate. I could go into all the cloture votes I have felt were not necessary—104, 105; I don’t know how many we have had—and 4 months of delay, but I am not going to do that. So on Tuesday, we were partisan; Wednes-day, we were bipartisan, paying tribute to Bob. Everybody said: Well, why can’t you emulate his example and work together? Then, after Wednesday, on Thursday, we were back to some partisan differences or philosophical differences or ideological differences. Compromise, again, was a dirty word. Well, this is our opportunity. We have proved that we can work together on the Ag Committee. We are the least partisan committee in the Congress. For goodness’ sake, when agriculture is almost in a crisis and we desperately need to provide the farmers with the knowledge that we are fashioning a bill to their benefit and that it is a good bill, why on Earth can’t we get this done? I thank my colleague for her com-ments. I yield the floor. Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, if I might just take one more moment, I just want to underscore what Chair-man R
OBERTS had said earlier. We have 500 different organizations in support of this, from every piece of the 12 ti-tles, every part of the country, every agricultural group, every conserva-tion—we have hunting and fishing groups. We have folks who care about international trade, folks who care about trading at home with their neighbors, and people who care about food access. There are 500 organizations that have come together around this bill with a sense of urgency to get it done, so I am very hopeful we can do that today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I rise today to comment on something that is somewhat misunderstood in many parts of our country, and that is the farm bill. I have the privilege to sit in a seat of the U.S. Senate once held by Saxby Chambliss, a former chairman of this Agriculture Committee. I am fortunate to be from a State where agriculture is our largest industry. I am fortunate to sit on this committee, and we have just heard from two people, two leaders, the ranking member, Senator STABENOW  from Michigan, who is my good friend, and my good friend Senator P
ATROB-
ERTS , the chairman. This is a bipar-tisan committee. People sent me up here 3 years ago. They said: Look, we need you to go there and get something done. I said: OK, fine. We know we have two opposing views in Washington, so that means you are going to have to compromise. I made the comment that no one gets every-thing they want. I remind people, any-one, that I am married; I mean, this is something that is the American way. I come from the American business com-munity. I can tell you that nobody gets 100 percent of everything they want in any deal. That is what we are talking about today. This is a bill that moves this agenda forward. It provides certainty—and that is what this is about—for our agri-culture industry. It is not about sub-sidies. It is not about protection. It is about certainty. It is about protecting a strategic industry in our country. I want to make that point upfront. This is very definitely a strategic industry. The United States today enjoys a God-given position in the world. We are one of the three major bread baskets in the world. The world needs us to be successful in our agricultural industry. There are hungry people in the world whom we can feed in our capacity here in the United States. Our productivity in many of our commodities has gone up in my lifetime dramatically. I grew up working on a farm, and I can tell you, I know we produce a lot more corn per acre today than we did when I was 6 years old. This is an amazing productivity story, and the rest of the world needs that today. A big reason our State continues to be the best State in the country is that we understand this. We have a port that we can export from. We have God- given land and water and God-given people who understand how to work that land with that given water, and we produce great products not only for our country but for the world. For the last year and a half, we have been working on this farm bill, and all the members of that committee, my-self included, have gone all over the country, listening to farmers and ranchers around the country. I have been all over my State talking to our farmers and ranchers about what is im-portant to them. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for providing the framework, really, for this particular farm bill. This is, indeed, a strategic industry. It must survive, and it is dif-ferent. Getting to a farm bill that balances the needs of every commodity and every region is not an easy task. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.007 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4694 June 28, 2018 
is not a partisan problem. It is not even a regional problem. This is the United States trying to make the best use of our God-given blessings. I am happy to say that this year’s farm bill does that. Over the last year, we have all trav-eled around and heard what has been said. One thing is very clear; this farm bill is indeed a jobs bill. Getting it across the finish line today, hopefully, is simply a must for rural communities in Georgia and around the country. We have worked on this in a bipar-tisan fashion. I am proud to say to the people back home that this is a com-promise they wanted us to come up here and achieve, and it does exactly what we wanted. It achieves the objec-tive of providing certainty for an agri-cultural industry that is indeed a stra-tegic asset in the United States. We have kept programs in place that have helped farmers in Georgia and around the country weather the low commodity market we have seen in the last couple of years. The chairman just mentioned that there are some entities and commodities that are at historic lows. We have cracked down on fraud with-in the food stamps program. We have advanced turf grass and timber re-search. We have included provisions important to land grant universities. This farm bill is not perfect, but as I said, it is a great compromise that achieves the objective. One provision that has been elimi-nated would help ensure that American textile mills have the tools they need to compete with other countries, for example. I hope we can find a way to fix that. However, as I said earlier, growing up and working on the land, I learned many hard lessons. At an early age, I learned that agriculture is not just a business; it is a way of life for many people around our country. This farm bill is an investment in those people, in our ag industry, and, indeed, in our country. It is not just the product that is grown in the soil; it is the processing, transportation, re-tail, and, indeed, the end consumer. There are things here meant to assist farmers only during tough times. When we say ‘‘strategic industry,’’ we have to be responsible for the survival and the transferal of the industry from gen-eration to generation. Madam President, as you well know, in your home State, as in mine, most of the agricultural production in the country comes from family farms. President Trump is working to renego-tiate trade deals with other countries and create a level playing field with the rest of the world. This is absolutely critical. I have lived in this trade world for most of my career. The President is trying to get equal access in other markets around the world. I know this is a tough thing after 50, 60 years of having an imbalanced trade environ-ment, where the United States served a purpose to develop the rest of the world. We have to now stand up and provide a balance within those trade deals. We have reduced global poverty. Since 1965, when the Great Society was signed, the United States almost sin-glehandedly—on the back of our open market, on the back of our trade deals, and on the back of the our military, which provided for safe transportation of goods around the world—has reduced poverty by more than 60 percent. I have seen that happen in my career, in my lifetime. Unfortunately, in the United States, the poverty rate today is basically the same as it was in the midsixties. That is not a partisan comment. We all bear responsibility for that. What this President is trying to do is say: Hey, wait a minute. Something is out of balance. Our ag community has been harmed by that. What we are try-ing to do is create a level playing field, and this farm bill supports that. Over the long term, this bill will bring certainty to the American agri-cultural community. The last things family farms need from Washington today are more burdens, more regula-tions, and more intrusion. All of that takes away from the certainty and the planning it takes to manage a family farm. Some people are planting a plant that will not mature for 20 years, in some cases. Some of these men and women in these families are putting product in the ground that they will not benefit from, that their heirs will benefit from. They will have to harvest it after they are dead, in many cases. People say: Well, we need to take care of the land. Well, absolutely. Do you know that the best husbands of the land and the water and the air around the world, in my experience, have been farmers? There is a very simple reason why. If they don’t take care take of their God-given blessings in the land, in the water, and in the air, and if they don’t produce what they need, they surely can’t hand it down to the next generation. Farms across our country have con-siderable differences, based on things from region, to crops, to climate condi-tions. Given these differences, one-size- fits-all measurements clearly don’t work. A farm in Iowa is different from a farm in Georgia, in many cases. As I have said, this farm bill is not perfect. It is unfortunate that there is now an amendment on this farm bill that would measure appropriate and significant contributions to the family farm by applying a single manual labor threshold for farms across the country, and I think this is just wrong. The op-portunity to qualify as an active con-tributor—and I put that in quotes, ‘‘ac-tive contributor’’—to the farm through management, bookkeeping, and other activities is important because it rec-ognizes the contributions of all family members and individuals who actually participate in farming operations. I can tell my colleagues from personal expe-rience that if it were not for my aunts, my cousins, my uncles, our farms would not have been successful. I have lived it. I know the difference that we are talking about here from region to region. If the full scope of active partici-pants in the farm is not taken into consideration, a bank may be reluctant to actually finance the operation. I have lived that. The point is this: Even if an indi-vidual never drives a tractor, never plows a field, never milks a cow, he or she can still provide an important con-tribution to the vitality of the farm op-eration. It is a business, after all. Busi-nesses have marketing, they have fi-nance, they have sales, they have oper-ations, and they have planning. Man-agement contributions are as impor-tant as manual labor in this industry, just like it is in every other industry. Amendments like this will lead to burdensome recordkeeping for family farms and could indeed put in jeopardy the ability to transfer that farm to the next generation. President Trump has promised to roll back overreaching regulations and look out for rural America. Since he took office, over 870 regulations have been reversed, bringing relief to family farms and rural Americans. With this farm bill, the Trump administration and the U.S. Senate Agriculture Com-mittee have prioritized rolling back those overreaches. These should be our shared interests because it is good for our entire country and our economy. Between now and when this farm bill reaches President Trump’s desk, I hope this problem with the bill gets fixed, and there are ways to do that. As I said, while the current farm bill is not perfect, I am proud to stand today and encourage every Member of this body to support it and vote for it. It does provide certainty in a very un-certain world for our agriculture com-munity and the families who are the backbone of that industry. I am delighted to be a member of this committee. I take that honor very seri-ously. The legacy, as I mentioned to begin with, coming in behind an es-teemed Senator, Saxby Chambliss as chairman—I take this responsibility very seriously. I want to commend the chairman and ranking member for pulling together this farm bill, and I hope to see it come to a vote, hopefully today. Madam President, I yield the floor. Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RETIREMENT OF JUSTICE ANTHONY KENNEDY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am a day late with the news, but Justice An-thony Kennedy, of course, announced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.009 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4695 June 28, 2018 
he is leaving the bench at the end of the month, and I would be remiss if I didn’t start my remarks this morning by thanking him for his 40-plus years of service to this country on the Fed-eral bench. He has presided over and authored the majority opinion in many high- stakes cases of national importance. As the news has pointed out, after Sandra Day O’Connor left the Court, he has been that pivotal fifth vote in a lot of really significant cases, which is to say, you can’t really typecast Justice Kennedy, but I do believe he has re-mained committed to upholding the in-tegrity of the legal system throughout the course of his career. I can say, as a former State supreme court justice myself, I know the work he has been doing has been pains-taking, time-consuming, and extraor-dinarily important all at the same time. So I express my gratitude, on be-half of my constituents, to Justice Kennedy for his willingness, ability, and determination to carry out that work. While serving on the Supreme Court for the last three decades, after having been appointed by President Reagan, he has furthered the pursuit of Amer-ican justice, one case at a time, which is exactly what Justices are supposed to do, through calm times and politi-cally turbulent times—perhaps, some might say, times like the present. He recognizes that our core institutions are essentially democratic institu-tions, answerable to the people through their elected representatives. While the Court has a unique role in interpreting the Constitution—which is the fundamental bedrock law of the Nation—in cases that don’t turn on the constitutionality of the statute, it is important to defer to decisions made by the elected representatives of the people because we are the ones ac-countable to the electorate for those decisions. Judges, by their nature, are not because they aren’t elected. They don’t run for election. So their fidelity is supposed to be to the law and not to a personal agenda or politics or any other agenda. Justice Kennedy was an important member of the Court that recognized an individual right to bear arms under the Second Amendment and recently upheld the President’s prerogatives to protect national security. As Justice Kennedy concludes his term this next month, we, of course, wish him well, along with his wife Mary and their children, and we wish them many more happy—and, hope-fully, a little less stressful—years to-gether. 
FILLING THE UPCOMING SUPREME COURT  
VACANCY  
Meanwhile, the Senate will conduct our constitutional role of offering our advice and consent on whomever Presi-dent Trump nominates. As the senior Senator from Connecticut said yester-day, ‘‘The Senate should do nothing to artificially delay’’ consideration of the next Justice. I have heard conflicting views, but I agree with the senior Sen-ator from Connecticut. This is consistent with the standard set by former President Obama and Vice President Biden. In 2010—which was a midterm election—Senate Demo-crats confirmed President Obama’s nominee to the court, Elena Kagan. Be-fore that, when he was a Senator, Joe Biden argued that Supreme Court nominees should not be confirmed dur-ing Presidential election years. So one was a midterm, Elena Kagan. Merrick Garland—whom we will hear more about from our Senate Democratic col-leagues—came up during a Presidential election, a time during which Joe Biden said that nominees should not be confirmed in the runup to a Presi-dential election. After President Trump makes his se-lection, Senators will have the oppor-tunity to meet with the nominee, ex-amine his or her qualifications, and de-bate them. We will have a hearing under the Senate Judiciary Committee. This will be the sixth Supreme Court Justice nominee I will have had the privilege to serve on the Senate Judici-ary Committee for and question. Then, this fall, we will vote to confirm Jus-tice Kennedy’s successor. Justice Kennedy placed a deadline on his time in office. He is retiring July 31. So any idea of delaying this and leaving the Court shorthanded, par-ticularly under these circumstances, really is beside the point. I know Chairman GRASSLEY will, as usual, manage a fair, thorough, and ef-ficient confirmation process. He always does. It is crucial that as this process begins to unfold, the President’s nomi-nee not be subjected to personal at-tacks from an increasingly agitated and vitriolic political base. My philosophy on the role of a judge is simple: Decisions should not be made on the basis of the judge’s personal be-liefs but from the analysis of legal doc-trine and actual reading of the legal texts. The President, I believe, under-stands that. That is the sort of model out of which Neil Gorsuch’s nomina-tion came. That is also why we con-firmed so many of his excellent choices in the 18 months of his administration. I look forward to another out-standing selection and a thorough and efficient confirmation process. Then, in the end, we will vote to confirm the President’s nominee this fall. 
FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK REVIEW  
MODERNIZATION ACT  
Mr. President, on a separate note, yesterday, the White House released a statement from President Trump re-garding an important piece of bipar-tisan legislation, which I introduced with the senior Senator from Cali-fornia, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , called the For-eign Investment Risk Review Mod-ernization Act or FIRRMA. This concerns, as the Presiding Offi-cer knows, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. Our adversaries around the world have sim-ply figured ways to game foreign in-vestment in the United States to get access to intellectual property and the know-how to duplicate that property surreptitiously, taking advantage of the gaps in the Committee on Foreign Investment’s jurisdiction. So we are updating that legislation. It passed unanimously out of the Banking Com-mittee, passed then out of the Armed Services Committee, and now is a part of the Senate-passed Defense author-ization bill. As President Trump mentioned, this bill will enhance our ability to protect the United States from new and evolv-ing threats posed by foreign invest-ment while, at the same time, pre-serving our ability to engage in inter-national commerce and create new op-portunities benefiting our economy and our people. Let me make clear, this is not to dis-courage foreign investment. I think foreign investment is a good thing, but when our adversaries look to exploit gaps and antiquated language in some of our statutes in order to gain unfair advantage and seek access to intellec-tual property in dual-use technology that has national security implica-tions, we need to act, and that is what we have done. The President concluded that FIRRMA will provide much needed tools to combat the predatory invest-ment practices that threaten our crit-ical technology and national security. I think he is exactly right, and I am glad he pledged to implement FIRRMA promptly and enforce it rigorously once it is enacted into law. I wish to express my appreciation to Treasury Secretary Mnuchin—who is the convening authority of the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States—and the entire Cabinet for their input and their support for what we are trying to do. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD fol-lowing my remarks the statement in its entirety. I will read a couple para-graphs because it was pretty strong. The President of the United States said: 
Should Congress fail to pass strong FIRRMA legislation that better protects the crown jewels of American technology and in-tellectual property from transfers and acqui-sitions that threaten our national security— and future economic prosperity—I will direct my Administration to deploy new tools, de-veloped under existing authorities, that will do so globally. 
What the President is saying, and what was reinforced by Secretary Mnuchin in my conversations with him, is the President is depending on this bipartisan legislation being en-acted into law and providing the tools necessary to protect our national secu-rity. If Congress, for some reason, stumbles and fails to pass this legisla-tion, the President has made clear he intends to act unilaterally to fill that void. I applaud the President and this ad-ministration for giving Congress a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.011 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4696 June 28, 2018 
chance to work with the administra-tion to fill this gap through a bipar-tisan, bicameral legislative process and to not just leap into that void and try to do it unilaterally, perhaps causing more confusion and less predictability. In conclusion, the President said: 
I applaud Congress on its progress toward passing robust FIRRMA legislation. I urge Congress to send me a strong bill as soon as possible and look forward to implementing it to protect America’s security and prosperity. 
The Senate bill we passed takes a carefully tailored approach, and the House passed a similar version earlier this week by a vote of 400 to 2. I look forward to working with my colleagues throughout the Senate- House conference process to ensure the CFIUS review process is sufficiently strengthened and meets the goals that we and the President share. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
STATEMENT FROM THE PRESIDENT REGARDING  I
NVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS  (Issued on: June 27, 2018) I have often noted, consistent with the Section 301 action initiated by the United States Trade Representative, that certain countries direct and facilitate systematic in-vestment in United States companies and as-sets in order to obtain cutting-edge tech-nologies and intellectual property in indus-tries those countries deem important. Ac-cordingly, I directed the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with other senior executive branch officials, to report to me regarding appropriate measures to address these concerns. I have been advised by the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Commerce, the United States Trade Representative, the As-sistant to the President for Economic Pol-icy, and the Director of the Office of Trade and Manufacturing Policy, among others, that Congress has made significant progress toward passing legislation that will mod-ernize our tools for protecting the Nation’s critical technologies from harmful foreign acquisitions. This legislation, the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (FIRRMA), will enhance our ability to pro-tect the United States from new and evolv-ing threats posed by foreign investment while also sustaining the strong, open in-vestment environment to which our country is committed and which benefits our econ-omy and our people. After reviewing the current versions of FIRRMA with my team of advisors—and after discussing them with many Members of Congress—I have concluded that such legis-lation will provide additional tools to com-bat the predatory investment practices that threaten our critical technology leadership, national security, and future economic pros-perity. Therefore, upon enactment of FIRRMA legislation, I will direct my Admin-istration to implement it promptly and en-force it rigorously, with a view toward ad-dressing the concerns regarding state-di-rected investment in critical technologies identified in the Section 301 investigation. Should Congress fail to pass strong FIRRMA legislation that better protects the crown jewels of American technology and in-tellectual property from transfers and acqui-sitions that threaten our national security— and future economic prosperity—I will direct my Administration to deploy new tools, de-veloped under existing authorities, that will do so globally. To further ensure a robust defense of American technology and intellectual prop-erty, I have also directed the Secretary of Commerce to lead an examination of issues related to the transfer and export of critical technologies. Through this review, we will assess our Nation’s export controls and make any modifications that may be needed to strengthen them to defend our national secu-rity and technological leadership. Addition-ally, I have directed the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Defense, and the United States Trade Rep-resentative to engage with our allies and partners to support their efforts to combat harmful technology transfer and intellectual property theft. I applaud Congress on its progress toward passing robust FIRRMA legislation. I urge Congress to send me a strong bill as soon as possible and look forward to implementing it to protect America’s security and prosperity. Mr. CORNYN. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The President pro tempore. 
FILLING THE UPCOMING SUPREME COURT  
VACANCY  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I come to this lectern to speak on a subject of pe-rennial importance. It is a subject I know a little something about—one that will not only influence the Senate agenda in the near term but will deter-mine the direction of our democracy for decades to come. I speak, of course, on the future of the Supreme Court. Yesterday, Justice Anthony Ken-nedy—a great friend of mine and a wonderful Justice on the Court—an-nounced his intention to step down, ef-fective July 31. Justice Kennedy has served this Nation with the highest dis-tinction. Over the course of his tenure, he has exercised outsized influence on the Supreme Court and has played a pivotal role in some of the most con-sequential Court decisions of modern times—from McDonald v. City of Chi-cago to Citizens United v. FEC. As a testament to his independence, he rightly gained a reputation as the Supreme Court’s swing vote. Some-times he sided with the Court’s liberal wing. At other times, he sided with the conservatives. Yet he always sided with what he believed to be the correct interpretation of the law. What more could we ask from a judge? Throughout his public service, Jus-tice Kennedy has mentored a genera-tion of jurists who went on to become luminaries in their own right. Not the least among them is Justice Neil Gorsuch, a former Kennedy clerk who now serves as his equal on the Supreme Court. With his onetime pupil now working alongside him—and with doz-ens of former clerks now serving on the Federal bench—Justice Kennedy leaves behind a legal legacy that is almost without equal. Although he will be stepping down next month, his influ-ence on our judicial system will be felt for generations to come. With Justice Kennedy’s impending retirement, the responsibility now falls on us to confirm an able replacement. In the coming weeks, the President will announce his nominee to fill Jus-tice Kennedy’s seat. In doing so, he will seek the advice and consent of the Sen-ate, which is a process that entails con-firmation hearings and extended hours of debate in order to fully vet the qualifications of the President’s nomi-nee. The questions we should ask during this confirmation hearing should focus solely on the judge’s qualifications: Does he or she have the requisite expe-rience to adjudicate wisely from the bench? Does he or she understand the proper role of a judge under the Con-stitution? Does he or she respect our Constitution? Is he or she committed to upholding its principles no matter the consequence? This process should be simple, straightforward, and, most impor-tantly, nonpolitical, but it rarely is. That is because we already know the Democrats will do everything they can to politicize a process that should not be politicized. We already know that many of them will ask questions of the nominee and will have an ulterior mo-tive in mind—to divine his or her par-tisan leanings rather than to evaluate the quality of his or her jurisprudence. How do we know the Democrats will do this? It is because we have seen them do it time and again. It started with the character assassination of Robert Bork, and it culminated in the unholy inquisition of Clarence Thomas. Tensions seemed to subside for a time, but then came the unprecedented fili-buster of Samuel Alito and, most re-cently, the public flagellation of Neil Gorsuch. In every case, the nominee in ques-tion possessed indisputable credentials and an airtight judicial record, but in every case, my colleagues sought to drag these men into the partisan gut-ter—asking questions designed to parse their political positions rather than their legal philosophies. In my 42 years of Senate service, I have witnessed the gradual deteriora-tion of the judicial confirmation proc-ess. As the former chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee and now as its long-est serving Republican member, I have taken an active role in the confirma-tion of every Justice who is currently sitting on the Supreme Court and in the confirmations of a number who have retired. Moreover, I have partici-pated in the confirmations of half of all article III judges who have ever served. Throughout this process, I have met some of the brightest legal minds this world has had to offer, and I have watched in disgust as my friends on the Democratic side have sought to undo these men and women for political gain. Judicial obstruction is a serious issue in its own right, but it is merely a symptom of a much larger problem— the politicization of our courts. In to-day’s America, Republicans and Demo-crats espouse two vastly different vi-sions for the judicial branch. On the right, we believe in the judici-ary as it is outlined in the Constitu-tion—an integral but necessarily lim-ited branch of government that inter-prets laws but doesn’t make them. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.012 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4697 June 28, 2018 
believe in a judiciary that is filled with sober-minded judges who are com-mitted to upholding the Constitution as written, not to molding it to fit their political preferences. On the left, you have a starkly dif-ferent vision. The left believes the judi-ciary should assume an activist role and step in to fill the gaps of legisla-tion when Congress fails. In doing so, the judiciary becomes its own quasi legislative body—a Congress 2.0 of sorts—that is filled with hundreds of judges who are unelected and therefore unaccountable to the American people. This conception of judicial power is inherently anti-democratic. It under-mines the principle of representative government and cedes lawmaking power to a cadre of black-robed philos-opher kings—a cloistered group of men and women who have no constitutional authority to make legislation but seek to do so anyway through its opinions. Given the left’s radical vision of judi-cial power, it is no wonder the con-firmation wars have escalated over the years, and it is no wonder the Demo-crats have made a circus of confirma-tion hearings. They seek to politicize the process because ultimately they seek political judges. As usual, what the left wants is not what America needs. America doesn’t need political judges. It doesn’t need an army of super legislators who tell us what to do. It certainly doesn’t need a second Congress that makes laws on a whim. Isn’t the one we have dysfunc-tional enough? No. What is best for America is whol-ly different from what the left envi-sions. America needs a judiciary that is insulated from the corrupting influ-ence of politics. Accordingly, we need principled judges who put the law be-fore any partisan concern. As opposed to political judges, we need impartial judges—judges who un-derstand their limited role under the Constitution, judges who are content to say what the law is, not what they want it to be, judges who act as um-pires, calling balls and strikes instead of swinging at every pitch that comes their way. In short, we need judges who will interpret the Constitution, not re-make it in their own image. In taking Justice Gorsuch as an ex-ample, I have every confidence that the President’s nominee to the Supreme Court will be qualified, competent, and impartial in every way. If the Demo-crats’ treatment of Justice Gorsuch is any indication of things to come, then I have every reason to believe they will again do everything in their power to politicize this important confirmation process. They will do everything they can to malign the nominee, no matter his or her background or credentials, and will depict his or her as an extremist who is outside the mainstream. They will press, prod, and pry in an attempt to unearth a political agenda where none is to be found. They will bring all re-sources to bear in an effort to prevent a principled, constitutionalist judge from taking Justice Kennedy’s seat. They will pull out all the stops to ac-celerate the politicization of the Su-preme Court, but we will not let them. It is up to us to preserve the integ-rity of the judicial branch. We can begin by confirming a Supreme Court nominee who is committed to uphold-ing the principles of the Constitution at all costs—a nominee who under-stands that the lawmaking power lies with Congress, not with the courts. I look forward to working with my colleagues in this endeavor in the weeks to come. Yet I have to say I have seen a lot of abuse in the area of pick-ing judges and in confirming judges throughout the years. Both sides have been complicit in some ways, but I have never seen more of a politicization of the courts than that which has come from the other side. I hope they will not do that this time. I don’t know who the President is going to pick. I have a pretty good idea of the list of people from which he is going to pick. I know he will chat with me about it, as he will with others, but I can guarantee you this: He is going to pick somebody who has the ability to go on that Court and do the job from the beginning. It is not going to be pleasing, perhaps, to some of my Demo-cratic colleagues, and it may not be pleasing to some of my Republican col-leagues. The fact is, I think we can rely on this President to pick an excellent person to fulfill this responsibility. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues Senator T
OM U
DALL and Senator R ICHARD  B
LUMENTHAL for joining me to visit the southwest border last week. We went to the border to seek answers and to demand accountability for the very real human impacts of President Trump’s cruel and unnecessary policy of separating children from their par-ents. The permanent trauma these policies are inflicting on parents and their in-nocent children, many of whom are ref-ugees who are fleeing violence and seeking asylum, is inhumane and hor-rific. Taking thousands of children— some as young as infants and tod-dlers—away from their parents and de-taining them as a form of punishment or deterrence is ineffective and morally indefensible. After all, under the rule of law, refu-gees who flee violence have a right to request asylum. As of now, only about 500 children of the over 2,000 children in custody have been reunited with their families since President Trump signed an Executive order last Wednesday that ended his family separation pol-icy. There is still no clear plan from the White House that ensures all chil-dren will be reunited with their fami-lies. This is simply unacceptable. This crisis was born from malice, and, frankly, it has been inflamed by incompetence. As an American and as a father, I will not just sit by. What we saw last Friday along the border, which has been ground zero for Presi-dent Trump’s so-called zero tolerance policies, has had a profound impact on me. We learned that there are over 250 teenagers who are being housed in a temporary tent city detention facility in Tornillo, TX. We met with families who are being held at a Border Patrol station in El Paso who told us about their difficult journeys and the vio-lence they experienced in their home countries that they are desperately trying to escape. Let me share the story of just one of these families who was in the Border Patrol’s custody. I met a father who is in his midtwenties who came here with his, roughly, 2-year-old daughter, named Gabriella. He told us they fled here, seeking asylum, because his home country of Honduras was violent and unstable, and he wanted a better future for his daughter. If he had arrived before President Trump’s Executive order last week, just a few days earlier, his little girl would have been, literally, torn from his arms. I can’t tell you whether Gabriella and her father will be grant-ed asylum. I suspect that will be de-cided by an immigration judge, but at least we know he will be able to keep his daughter by his side through this difficult process. It is unforgiveable that thousands of families facing simi-lar circumstances are still separated, with no knowledge of where their chil-dren are, with no knowledge of if or when they will be reunited—all because of the Trump administration. During our visit we also learned trou-bling details about the process facing asylum seekers who are attempting to enter our Nation legally at our ports of entry. At the Paseo del Norte Port of Entry in El Paso, we learned firsthand how the Trump administration’s ac-tions are creating unnecessary delays on asylum claims for those fleeing vio-lence and persecution. What is more, the mixed messages and outright lies coming from the White House and ad-ministration officials are creating real confusion and chaos on the ground for those actually responsible for carrying out the President’s policies. There is not enough transparency from the White House or from Federal agencies. There is not enough oversight from this administration. We absolutely need to know what is going on. That is why we are calling for immediate hearings on the Trump administration’s inhumane border poli-cies and accountability and oversight of those responsible for carrying those policies out. Anything short of ac-counting for every single child affected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.014 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4698 June 28, 2018 
by this policy is unacceptable and un-conscionable. We must hold the White House accountable for adhering to our laws, to American values, and for exe-cuting a clear plan to right these wrongs. It is important for us to recognize that the intentionally cruel separation of families that we have witnessed in recent weeks and months is only one piece of a larger systemic campaign by this administration to dehumanize our immigrant communities. These inhu-mane enforcement policies follow President Trump’s discriminatory Mus-lim travel ban. They follow his refusal to offer refugee status to those from war-torn countries, such as Syria. They follow his cancellation of legal status for immigrants who escaped nat-ural disasters and unthinkable violence in Haiti, Honduras, and El Salvador. They follow his unjust ending of De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or the DACA Program, and his repeated efforts to derail any efforts in Congress to reach a bipartisan consensus on re-sponsible immigration policies that would make smart investments in se-curity at our borders, that would keep our communities safe, and that would recognize the dignity and vibrancy of those border communities. Despite President Trump’s continued determination to sabotage any good- faith efforts, I continue to believe that our Nation desperately needs Congress to pass comprehensive immigration legislation. That includes a visa sys-tem that meets the needs of our econ-omy, a fair path to earn citizenship for the estimated 11 million people in our country who are undocumented, and a plan that ensures security at our Na-tion’s borders. Rather than stirring up division and targeting law-abiding im-migrants who are working hard to sup-port their families and pay taxes, we should focus our enforcement activities and resources on violent criminals. We must also act with a sense of urgency to find a responsible way forward for the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers who are just as much a part of our communities as any one of us. They are Americans in every way except on paper. I will not give up on them. None of President Trump’s callous actions on immigration represent the values of the America that I know and love—the America that welcomed my father and his family as they emi-grated here from Germany in the 1930s. When I think about immigration, I al-ways wonder how different my life would be if America had turned my family away, had turned my father away, or had broken his family apart. Sadly, that is not an abstraction. It is not an abstract question for thou-sands of families still desperately hop-ing to be reunited now. Just like my father’s family, these families are mothers, fathers, and children who are overwhelmingly people seeking to come to America because of the prom-ise that our Nation represents. I take heart in the groundswell of decency that we have witnessed from thousands of Americans who have made their voices heard. After we visited the border on Fri-day, Senator U
DALL and I joined hun-dreds of New Mexicans for a commu-nity event in Las Cruces. I want to share an image of a little girl who I saw at the event. As you can see on this graphic, her sign reads: ‘‘I love my family and I need them every day.’’ That is really what this is all about. I am sure that the innocent children who have been separated from their parents and placed in detention facilities feel ex-actly the same way. At the root of this often difficult de-bate, I believe we need to reaffirm the humanity of these children and their parents. We cannot stop fighting for compassionate and responsible immi-gration policies that respect the dig-nity of these families. We must not turn our backs on the ideals and funda-mental values that made the United States both the most powerful Nation on Earth and a beacon of moral leader-ship. We must continue to make our voices heard and demand reunification for all of these children with their fam-ilies. I want to assure New Mexicans and all Americans that I stand with you in saying that this is not what we stand for. I will not rest until our country is once again seen as the moral leader of the free world. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to join the debate this morning on the farm bill and to make sure we get the farm bill passed. It is so impor-tant to the State of Washington and to our country. I know many of my colleagues have been down here talking about agri-culture, but in the State of Wash-ington, it is responsible for about 164,000 jobs. And while we produce about $10-plus billion of economic ac-tivity, about $180 billion of economic activity goes through our ports every year. So if you are growing an agricul-tural product in the United States, there is a good chance you are shipping that product through Washington ports, going to Asia and a variety of places. The agriculture and food industry is a huge part of our U.S. economy as well, and provides 11 percent of total U.S. employment. So to say this bill is an important economic tool is an un-derstatement. We know that in the United States of America, a trade surplus in agriculture has existed for 50 years. So when we are talking about making investments and opening new markets and pro-tecting agriculture from the trade war that we are seeing, it is very important that this bill helps recognize the hard work that the farmers in the United States of America have done in grow-ing our economy. We must make sure they continue to have those economic opportunities in the future. Since U.S. exports gained access to markets like South Korea more than a decade ago, Washington farmers in my State have seen increases in exports of up to 80 percent for potatoes and 200 percent for cherries. Agriculture ex-ports support more than a million jobs around the United States, so it’s im-portant to maintain our agriculture trade surplus. I am proud to say that, working with our colleagues, the chairman of the committee, Senator R
OBERTS , and the ranking member, Senator S
TABENOW , we have worked to make sure that we are making improvements and increas-ing MAP, the Market Access Program. This critical program provides tech-nical assistance and more flexibility for the Secretary of Agriculture to help our farmers increase access to new markets. This is so important at a time when we are seeing so much chaos in the marketplace. We want to make sure we continue to have an aggressive attitude toward opening markets—not closing them. From 1977 to 2014, it is estimated that our market access programs produced an average return on investment of $28 for every dollar that was invested— that is, when you are opening a market to sell U.S. products abroad. That is a huge investment for us to export our product into those countries. I know that some of our colleagues have been working across the aisle to help make sure that MAP funding is more secure and that we invest more. I am working with my colleague, Sen-ator C
RAPO from Idaho, to make sure that provisions are in this bill that give the Secretary more flexibility to help us on things like our fruit prod-ucts and potato products from the Pa-cific Northwest. I appreciate his help making sure this bill represents at least some of us who want to increase those opportunities for the future. Washington State is the third largest exporter of food and agricultural prod-ucts in the United States. Our agricul-tural sector accounts for 13 percent of our economy annually, and we are proud to grow about 300 different types of products. There are nearly 40,000 farms, and, as I said, 164,000 Washing-tonians are employed in that sector. We continue to work to make sure that the type of research that is rep-resented in this bill—the R&D that is done in great institutions in our State, such as Washington State University, provide good information for us. And our agricultural extension programs need to be funded to make sure that conservation continues to be an oppor-tunity for our farmers. Our farmers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.016 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4699 June 28, 2018 
must have resources to diversify their crops. All of these things are important in moving a farm bill through the Senate and on to the President’s desk eventu-ally. I am very concerned that my col-leagues in the House of Representa-tives want to cut or limit the SNAP program. This has been an essential tool as part of ag for a long time and should continue. The notion that we are going to hold up an ag bill at a crit-ical time, when concerns about tariffs are impacting our farmers, is wrong. What we need to do is move forward on giving the assurances to our farmers that we want them to have the re-search and development, we want them to have the tools of conservation, and that we certainly want them to have the Market Access Program so they can continue to reach markets all around the globe. Our ag economy is so important to us in the Pacific Northwest. This bill is helping us make a downpayment on it and giving us a little flexibility. I am going to take the Secretary of Agriculture at his word today. I heard him on television saying he is going to mitigate any kind of damage being done to farmers based on tariffs. I am going to hold him to his word. Believe me, as we move this legisla-tion through the process, I am going to make sure that every tool is available for the great products that we grow in Washington State. I want them to reach market destinations. I don’t want them to be retaliated against in a trade war. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. SMITH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. SMITH. Madam President, I rise today to voice my strong support for the farm bill that the Senate is cur-rently considering. First, I would like to thank Chair-man R
OBERTS and Ranking Member S
TABENOW for their strong leadership on this bipartisan bill. When I first be-came a Senator just months ago, I asked for a seat on the Agriculture Committee, and I immediately formed a farm bill working group in Minnesota so that I could hear from farmers and ranchers, foresters, researchers, rural community leaders, and Tribes, as well as experts on nutrition, energy, and conservation, to make sure that Min-nesota’s priorities were included in this farm bill. In the last few months, in Minnesota, my staff and I have convened over 30 listening sessions around the State, and I am very grateful for the input and ideas we have gotten through the farm bill process. The farm bill touches the lives of vir-tually every American, and it is vital to my State’s economy. This bill will provide important stability and pre-dictability to Minnesota farmers, ranchers, rural communities, and In-dian Country, while also sustaining tens of thousands of Minnesota jobs. The farm bill works when all three pillars of the bill work together: tradi-tional farm programs, rural develop-ment, and nutrition. If we remove one of these pillars, the farm bill will not be able to stand. The nutrition programs reauthorized by the Senate farm bill are of vital im-portance. According to the Agriculture Department, in 2016, over 41 million people, including millions of children across the country, lived in food-inse-cure households. This is why, when you talk to farmers and ranchers in my State, they know how important it is to support nutrition programs, and they understand, as I do, that any ef-forts to weaken nutrition programs will ensure that this bill does not pass. I was proud to be able to participate in crafting the farm bill as a member of the Agriculture Committee. It was a truly bipartisan process, an example of how we can get things done when we work together. I am very happy that this bill in-cludes many of the provisions I worked hard on, on behalf of Minnesota. For example, the Senate bill maintains the sugar program, which is so important to Minnesota’s sugar beet farmers. The sugar industry employs about 29,000 people in Minnesota and provides 142,000 jobs nationwide. Sugar is a $20 billion-a-year industry—$3.4 billion in my State alone. The U.S. sugar policy runs at zero cost and ensures that American farm-ers are on an even playing field against subsidized foreign sugar. Any amend-ment that threatens the safety net for sugar farmers could put many farmers into bankruptcy and should be opposed. This farm bill also expands gains made in the dairy safety net earlier this year. I pushed for these improve-ments to help Minnesota dairy farmers who are facing falling milk prices. I am pleased that this farm bill will establish a new national animal disease preparedness, response, and recovery program. I heard about the need for vaccine banks and animal disease read-iness at a poultry testing lab in Willmar, MN. When Minnesota was hit hard by the avian flu outbreak that re-sulted in the deaths of nearly 9 million turkeys and chickens, we knew this new program was needed. I have also pushed for other Min-nesota priorities that came out of the many conversations we had with Min-nesotans. I worked hard to make sure this bill advances conservation pro-grams so farmers have the opportunity to start new conservation plans and then keep them going over the long term to protect the environment and increase productivity. I supported Ranking Member S
TABE -
NOW’s Timber Innovation Act. This bill encourages new and innovative uses for wood in building construction, which is important for the timber industry in my State. I am very proud that this bill ex-pands programs I advocated for to help beginning farmers and traditionally disadvantaged farmers. We need to make sure producers from diverse backgrounds are able to access USDA services. In my State, this means Na-tive American farmers, Hmong, Latino, Somali farmers, and veteran farmers. Today, as our farmers face deep un-certainty around tariffs, this bill in-cludes bipartisan provisions to increase funding for USDA trade promotion ac-tivities. International markets are es-sential to the profitability of many farmers, including in Minnesota. This bill also helps to protect Native food products from fraudulent impost-ers on the market. For example, some food businesses are trying to mimic or replicate unique Tribal food products, such as Minnesota wild rice, and then sell those foods on the marketplace as ‘‘traditional’’ food items. Developing new international mar-kets through trade promotion is some-thing Minnesota farmers and leaders in Indian Country have been calling for, and we do it in this bill. As ranking member of the Rural De-velopment and Energy Subcommittee, I am very happy that this bill has a strong energy title. I introduced legis-lation outlining a roadmap for this title in the farm bill, and I led a bipar-tisan coalition of my colleagues urging the committee to fund and strengthen the many successful energy programs at USDA. One example is the Rural Energy for America Program, which helps ag pro-ducers, local businesses, and rural com-munities develop energy efficiency and renewable energy projects that create jobs, cut energy bills, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Another example is the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical, and Biobased Product Program. American farmers can provide the raw material for high- value products that replace and im-prove on products typically made from oil. Bioplastics, for example, are better for the planet than traditional plastics. Another message I hear all the time as I meet with rural development lead-ers across Minnesota is the need for re-liable internet service. Broadband is the infrastructure of the 21st-century economy. It is not just nice to have; it is necessary if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone. Whether you are a student doing your homework, a business owner selling your products, a farmer using modern precision agriculture equipment, or a person who is trying to access healthcare, you need access to broadband internet service. I am very glad this bill incorporates my Commu-nity Connect Grant Program Act to au-thorize and increase funding for this important effort. The bill also seeks to modernize speeds so that those living 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.017 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4700 June 28, 2018 
in rural communities don’t get stuck with lower service quality than those living in urban areas. The Community Connect Broadband Grant Program will create better broadband access to unserved remote and Tribal communities and help spur economic growth in rural America. It is a step forward and one of the many things that we need to do to connect Minnesotans to people across the Na-tion with affordable, reliable internet service. I also hear from Minnesotans about their love of local produce and the im-portance of supporting regional food economies. I am happy to see that this bill creates a streamlined Local Agri-culture Market Program to support de-veloping local and regional food sys-tems, and it increases mandatory fund-ing for organic research, another pri-ority of mine. I am proud that this bill includes the Rural Health Liaison legislation, which I worked on with Senator J
ONES from Alabama and Senator R
OUNDS of South Dakota. The Rural Health Liaison will encourage collaboration between USDA and Health and Human Services to ad-dress the specific healthcare needs of rural communities. I am pleased to see the inclusion of my bill encouraging USDA to assist veterans in joining the agriculture workforce after leaving service. This is going to expand access and job oppor-tunities for returning servicemembers. As we consider the farm bill on the Senate floor, we also need to listen to all of our communities, including lead-ers in Indian Country. We have many good provisions in the bill for Native communities. In addition to addressing Tribal food fraud, this bill requires the Secretary of Agriculture to support greater inclusion of Tribal products in Federal trade promotion efforts. It also expands eligibility for forestry pro-gram funding to include the 1994 Tribal colleges so more students in Minnesota and around the country can get in-volved in forestry research. I was glad to join Senator H
EITKAMP  in supporting a new technical assist-ance program that will help Tribes ac-cess rural development initiatives and will authorize the Secretary of Agri-culture to designate Tribal promise zones to further improve access to Fed-eral economic development resources. Finally, I am eager to see Native farmers in Minnesota take advantage of the improved resources for socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers in this bill. There are so many opportuni-ties for success in agriculture, and it is important that USDA resources are available to all communities. But there is a lot left to be done. We still need to access many more USDA programs for Native Americans and empower Tribes to make sure that these programs work for Tribal communities. We need more investment in con-servation projects, and we should allow Tribes to develop their own technical standards for conservation based on their traditions and ecological knowl-edge. When I first became a Senator, I asked to be a member of the Indian Af-fairs Committee. As the newest mem-ber of that committee, I have picked up on a couple of themes. One is that virtually every program for Indian Country is underfunded, and, two, we have to empower Tribes to cre-ate solutions that work for their mem-bers. We need to listen to leaders in In-dian Country and make sure that the farm bill works for them. I introduced an amendment to make sure that Tribes have the authority to administer the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP. This is a top priority of the Native Farm Bill Coalition. Over 360 federally recognized Tribes participate in Tribal self-governance programs at the Indian Health Service and at the Department of the Interior. With a 30-year proven track record, Tribal self-governance is widely consid-ered by Tribes and stakeholders as one of the most successful Federal Indian policies. Approximately 25 percent of Native Americans receive some type of Federal food assistance, and in some Tribal communities, participation is as high as 80 percent. Giving Tribes the authority to administer SNAP will allow them to meet the specific needs of their communities to fight hunger. I am hopeful that this very impor-tant, bipartisan amendment will get proper consideration. We need to pass this farm bill now to give the farmers and ranchers cer-tainty. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KNOWLEDGEABLE INNOVATORS AND WORTHY INVESTORS ACT Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 2245 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2245) to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceed to consider the bill. Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2245) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: S. 2245 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Knowledge-able Innovators and Worthy Investors Act’’ or the ‘‘KIWI Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NONIMMIGRANT TRADERS AND INVES-TORS. 
For purposes of clauses (i) and (ii) of sec-tion 101(a)(15)(E) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(E)), New Zealand shall be considered to be a foreign state described in such section if the Govern-ment of New Zealand provides similar non-immigrant status to nationals of the United States. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, it is an honor to be involved in the passage of this important legislation. The Knowl-edgeable Innovators and Worthy Inves-tors Act, or KIWI Act, is a bipartisan bill that legislatively extends E–1 and E–2 visas to citizens of New Zealand. It does not increase the number of avail-able visas. Granting access to these visas to New Zealand would increase both invest-ment and trade into the United States and strengthen our relationship with New Zealand. New Zealand is, of course, a country that is critical to our relationships. We have a critical strategic military and economic partner in the Asia-Pacific region with New Zealand, and this leg-islation will further strengthen Amer-ica’s presence in the Asia-Pacific re-gion. E–1 and E–2 visas allow qualified for-eign nationals to engage in substantial trade or to develop and direct the oper-ations of an enterprise in which the in-dividual is heavily invested. The United States will benefit from increased investment in trade with New Zealand. New Zealand’s citizens and businesses currently make sub-stantial investments in the United States. These businesses have created more than 10,000 jobs. In 2017, $10.5 bil-lion in trade passed between the United States and New Zealand. Allowing New Zealanders to apply for E–1 and E–2 visas will affirm reci-procity and strengthen the United States’ relationship with New Zealand. Again, this is a country that is a crit-ical ally and a partner in the Asia-Pa-cific region, and it will also increase the United States’ presence in that re-gion. New Zealand is the only Five-Eyes country whose citizens are currently ineligible to apply for these visas, while American citizens are currently eligible for reciprocal visas in New Zea-land. So I am grateful and honored to be involved in moving this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.018 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4701 June 28, 2018 
I am grateful to my colleagues for con-senting to this. I am grateful to have worked on this with my distinguished colleague, the Senator from Hawaii, who worked hard with me to put to-gether this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion that we have been fortunate enough to pass through the Senate today. Thank you. I see that my colleague from Hawaii is here. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, I want to thank my colleague, the Sen-ator from Utah, Mr. L
EE, for working with me on the act that we just passed. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018—Continued 
FILLING THE UPCOMING SUPREME COURT  
VACANCY  
Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, if this week has shown us anything, it is that courts matter. In three important decisions over 2 days, the Supreme Court majority endorsed Donald Trump’s bigotry and handed him the power to exclude any group of people for any reason, as long as he couches it as a national security matter. Justice Alito led a narrow majority in a concerted effort to destroy unions—in this case, public sector unions—and Justice Thomas told States that they cannot tell women what reproductive services are avail-able to them. We have also seen a Federal trial court judge in San Diego, who com-bined his understanding of the law with his capacity for human kindness, order that children who were separated from their parents at the southern border be reunited with them in short order. We have seen the Third Circuit Court of Appeals rule in favor of transgender public school students being able to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity. The work that judges do affects the real lives of people living and working in this country—people who are trying to care for their families, to serve their country, to earn a living; people who count on us here in Congress to make sure that they are safe and that their rights are protected. In the Judiciary Committee on which I sit, that respon-sibility is normally never greater than when we consider a nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court. These are not normal times. When we have a President who avows that the Supreme Court should always be Re-publican, ignoring the independent role of the Court, the Senate’s advice and consent process is even more crucial. Take a look at the President’s tweet. He believes the Supreme Court is an extension of his political party. Last March, he reiterated: ‘‘We need more Republicans in 2018,’’ he said, ‘‘and must ALWAYS’’—he likes to cap-italize—‘‘ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!’’ Any nominee from this Presi-dent comes to us with this taint at-tached. The President is not the only one to politicize the courts. Neil Gorsuch would never have made it to the Su-preme Court if not for the majority leader, whose proudest achievement, according to him, is Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court. There is no question that the major-ity leader wants to ensure a conserv-ative majority on the Supreme Court to upend the fundamental rights of millions of Americans. It started in 2016 when he refused to even meet with the President’s Supreme Court nomi-nee and would not grant him a hearing. The majority leader held this seat hos-tage precisely because he wanted some-one who would serve as a rubberstamp for his radical conservative agenda. Here is what MITCH MCCONNELL said when he did this. He said that the American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Court Jus-tice. Under the McConnell rule, this va-cancy created by Justice Kennedy’s resignation and retirement should be treated no differently. If the people’s voice should have been heard in 2016, it is no less important now, because these are clearly not nor-mal times. On Tuesday—the same day the Supreme Court ruled that the President could discriminate against people coming to our country on the basis of religion—the majority leader tweeted this picture of himself with Neil Gorsuch. The message is clear. The twisted process got the Republicans just what they wanted, and they want to do it again. They want to keep doing it, and we should not let them. Democrats should do everything we can to ensure that the Supreme Court stays independent and protects funda-mental rights and values. The Amer-ican people certainly deserve no less. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, I rise today to discuss the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, or what is commonly known in our part of the country as the farm bill, which we are considering on the Senate floor this week. The farm bill is a vital piece of legis-lation to the people of my home State of South Dakota, where our economy depends on agriculture to survive. With more than 31,500 farms across the State, South Dakota ranks in the top 10 for ag production, providing a $25 billion impact on our economy annu-ally. Stability and certainty for our farmers, which this farm bill helps to provide, is crucial as they do their part to feed and fuel a growing global popu-lation. I would like to thank Chairman P
AT R
OBERTS , Ranking Member D EBBIE  S
TABENOW , and all of the other mem-bers of the Senate Ag Committee and their staff, who worked tirelessly to get this marketed-oriented bill to the floor for consideration by the full Sen-ate body. This bipartisan bill will pro-vide much needed certainty to our ag community at a pivotal time, when the ag economy is facing significant chal-lenges. The ag economy is down more than 50 percent over the past 5 years, and the numbers don’t look much bet-ter for 2018. According to the Depart-ment of Agriculture’s own Economic Research Service, net farm income is projected to fall an additional 7 per-cent this year to $58 billion. A 5-year farm bill is necessary to give South Dakota producers the cer-tainty they need to help weather times of economic downturn, such as the one we are experiencing right now in ag country. Additionally, the uncertainty surrounding trade and tariffs has cre-ated instability in the market, which is having a significant effect on our com-modity prices. For example, in my home State of South Dakota, soybeans are one of the top commodities, and we rely heavily on exports to sell our soybean crop each year. A significant importer of U.S. soybeans is China, which accounts for about 25 percent of all of the U.S. soybean sales and 60 percent of all soy-bean exports. While the tariffs on soybeans have not taken effect yet, they are already having a real impact on the market prices. Since the tariffs on Chinese goods were announced in early March, soybeans are down $1.86 per bushel on the cash market, representing a $449 million loss in South Dakota alone when we look at farmers’ balance sheets. The USDA had projected ag ex-ports to be flat in 2018 before tariffs were levied on the ag industry—or at least before those tariffs were sug-gested to be added to the ag industry. With so much uncertainty sur-rounding trade deals since tariffs were announced, reauthorizing programs like the Market Access Program, or MAP, and the Foreign Market Develop-ment Program, FMD, are vital to help gain access to new markets for U.S. products. This bill does exactly that. These programs help encourage the development, maintenance, and expan-sion of the ag export market to foreign customers. I am pleased that this legislation also strengthens the crop insurance program with outlays projected to be approximately $7.6 billion annually. Crop insurance is a highly effective public-private safety net that helps farmers customize protection for their individual operations. Sometimes I don’t think we emphasize that this is one of those safety net items for which farmers and ranchers actually pay pre-miums to participate. Crops in my home State of South Dakota con-tribute roughly $10.3 billion to our economy. Last year, in South Dakota alone, more than 50,000 crop insurance policies were written to provide $4.8 billion in protection for over 17.5 mil-lion acres of cropland. Nationwide, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.021 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4702 June 28, 2018 
more than 310 million acres were en-rolled in crop insurance, backing more than $106 billion of crop value. It is vital as a risk management tool for farmers across the entire country. By maintaining strong crop insurance pro-visions, this bill will help our pro-ducers weather these very tough times in ag country. Additionally, this legislation pro-vides a modest increase in the cap of the Conservation Reserve Program, or CRP, to 25 million acres. That would be up from 24 million acres currently in the existing farm bill. While we would have preferred a more significant in-crease in CRP acres, to the tune of per-haps 30 million acres or more, a strong CRP program is an important tool to assist farmers and ranchers during these adverse times, such as during a drought like we experienced in South Dakota last year, or possible flood damage, which I fear we will be experi-encing this year. This legislation also gives the Sec-retary of Ag the necessary authority to reorganize the USDA. Ag Secretary Sonny Perdue recently introduced a plan to reorganize the agency, includ-ing combining the Natural Resources Conservation Service with the Farm Service Agency and the Risk Manage-ment Agency, creating a new farm pro-duction and conservation mission, which would be under the Under Sec-retary, Bill Northey. Streamlining these programs will help sharpen the agency’s focus on domestic agricul-tural issues, providing farmers and ranchers with a one-stop shop so that USDA can better meet their needs. Last year, as the Senate Ag Com-mittee discussions on this farm bill took shape, I wrote to the chairman and ranking member of the committee to ask them to establish a foot-and- mouth disease vaccination bank to combat economic, food, and national security concerns. A major outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease, or FMD, would be financially devastating to our pro-ducers, and I am pleased this bill high-lights an FMD disease bank as a pri-ority at USDA. The final thing I will mention about the Ag Improvement Act of 2018 is that it increases the cap for individuals seeking loans under the Farm Service Agency loan guarantee program. This program provides financial assistance to farmers and ranchers who want to expand and improve their operations. Under this legislation, the FSA direct loan program cap will go from $300,000 to $600,000 for direct ownership loans, $400,000 for direct operating loans, and from $1.39 million to $1.75 million for guaranteed ownership and operating loans. Increasing both the individual cap for these loans and the total amount of money available for lending will allow a greater number of pro-ducers to utilize the program. Farming and ranching have become increasingly costly, and increasing these limits will more accurately reflect inflation and increasing costs of ag production today and make sure that lenders have flexi-bility during times of hardship. South Dakota producers work hard every day to feed and fuel a growing global population. As in all businesses, some years are simply better than oth-ers. During those more difficult times, it is important that our farmers and ranchers have access to tools that can help them keep their operations vital. The certainty and stability of this farm bill will do that by allowing them to work to weather this current eco-nomic downturn, as well as strengthen the agricultural economy. I support the Senate’s efforts to pro-vide certainty to our farmers, and I will continue to work with my col-leagues to see this bill across the finish line so that we can provide our ag economy with much needed certainty and help get our ag economy back on track. Let me also add that I believe we may very well see some very well- meaning amendments today that make good sense, but these amendments might very well not be supported by enough of our Members to where the actual bill itself would survive if the amendments were included. My inter-est is in making certain that this farm bill is allowed to continue forward, to be reconciled with the House, and be-come law as quickly as possible. I would ask the other Members to seri-ously consider the impacts; while we may very well have some great ideas on how to make improvements, unless we have enough to maintain that 60- vote margin in the U.S. Senate on a bi-partisan basis, then we will have failed in providing that stability to the ag community in this time when they des-perately need that reassurance. With that, Madam President, I thank you for the opportunity to visit and talk about this very important piece of legislation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Madam President, I rise today on behalf of Iowa’s farmers and ranchers in support of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 or what we refer to as the farm bill. I thank Chair-man R
OBERTS and Ranking Member S
TABENOW for bringing this critical piece of bipartisan legislation to the floor for consideration. Farmers, ranchers, and rural commu-nities are resilient—some of the tough-est in the face of adversity. But low commodity prices, trade tensions, and unpredictable weather have taken a toll on many of our folks back home. These are the people Americans rely on day in and day out to put food on our tables, clothes on our backs, and fuel in our cars. In trying times, it is essential that we provide farmers and ranchers with the certainty and the predictability they need and they deserve. These folks helped guide my priorities for this bipartisan farm bill, which main-tains a robust crop insurance, makes improvements to commodity programs, and promotes soil health and water quality. I am thankful that several of my pro-visions and amendments can be found within this bill. Long overdue reforms to the Conservation Reserve Program will refocus the program’s intent on highly erodible and environmentally sensitive land and provide opportuni-ties for the next generation of Amer-ican farmers to access land to build economically viable farm operations. This bill also strengthens the ARC- County Program, limiting payment discrepancies and ensuring that farm-ers receive the necessary support they deserve. It also puts farmers first by providing critical support and mental health resources to those in need or those facing tough times. I do want to note one area of the bill where I think we need to do more, and that is on the issue of SNAP reform. Most notably, the bill misses an oppor-tunity to help able-bodied SNAP re-cipients rise up out of poverty. SNAP is a program that is relied on by chil-dren, in addition to elderly Americans, people with disabilities, and many working families who are struggling to make ends meet. No American should go hungry, and SNAP provides critical assistance to our most vulnerable citi-zens. We also have an obligation to ensure that this safety net does not perpet-uate a cycle of poverty and is not abused by those who should not be tak-ing this benefit. Unfortunately, we have seen some shocking stories that show how SNAP has, at times, been misused. For example, I am reminded of the 28-year-old, lobster-eating, Cad-illac-Escalade-driving surfer from San Diego, CA, who had not worked in over a year and was receiving food stamps. He was unabashedly abusing the sys-tem and taking benefits away from those who need those benefits the most. Surfing is a pretty physically ac-tive sport—I think we can all agree to that—and it was safe to presume that this young man was able-bodied. We should not allow this type of behavior to continue, and we should not allow more examples of people taking advan-tage of a safety net that is set up to help those who need it the most. While this example is an exception rather than the rule, I am concerned that the ability to abuse the system could increase the number of folks who simply choose to sit back and decide they will also ride the free waves, rath-er than get in the game and return to employment. We need to encourage those who can to start working again. Getting people back to work is the most effective way to prevent poverty, both in the near term and for people’s long-term sta-bility. Programs like SNAP should en-courage able-bodied adults to partici-pate in the labor force. According to the Census Bureau, 30.5 percent of adults who did not work lived in pov-erty in 2016. However, on the flip side, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.023 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4703 June 28, 2018 
just 2.2 percent of full-time workers and 14.7 percent of part-time or part- year workers lived below the poverty line. Folks who are employed are not only better off financially, they also benefit from the sense of purpose and con-fidence that comes from a job. As I al-ways say, there is dignity in a job. Take, for example, April, a Missouri woman who was on government assist-ance from the age of 16 to the age of 30, receiving food stamps and housing as-sistance. When she was caught shop-lifting, she was forced to do commu-nity service. She volunteered at Wa-tered Gardens, a rescue mission in Jop-lin, where folks living in poverty get the help they need while they are also working at the gardens. April was so inspired by her time there that she started a women’s discipleship center in her community and is now living a fulfilling life. SNAP currently requires able-bodied adults without dependents to work, participate in training, or volunteer for at least 20 hours a week to receive as-sistance. That is the current require-ment, but unfortunately 35 percent of Americans live in an area where work requirements for able-bodied adults without dependents have been waived. They have been waived. Of the 1,200 areas where this has been waived, over half have unemployment rates below 5 percent, and over 500 of those areas are at full employment. These waivers were intended for States and commu-nities that are experiencing economic downturns, not States like California, which has a statewide waiver, despite a record low 4.2-percent unemployment. Our economy is booming right now. We have a 3.8-percent unemployment rate. For the first time on record, the number of job openings exceeds the number of Americans looking for work. This is the best possible time for us to encourage work among able-bodied SNAP recipients. That is why I intro-duced an amendment which would strengthen the waiver process to en-sure that areas with low levels of un-employment are not exempt from SNAP’s requirement for able-bodied adults without dependents to work, train, or volunteer. I planned to offer this amendment today. I am not going to because I want to keep the farm bill moving for the sake of our farmers, but I do want to see this done at conference. Despite its imperfections, we have a bill before us that will feed hungry Americans, protect natural resources, mitigate risk, and support rural jobs. With heavy rainfall this past week across Northern Iowa, some hard-work-ing men and women are now facing even greater challenges. Flooded fields have producers worrying about crop damage. This all underscores the need for a strong and reliable safety net and timely passage of the farm bill. The goal and absolute requirement is to provide farmers and ranchers across our Nation the certainty and predict-ability they deserve during difficult times. I look forward to working along-side my colleagues to meet this goal by passing this farm bill, and I encourage support. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from North Caro-lina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I come to talk about the farm bill and an amend-ment I filed along with Senators C
OR-
NYN and H ELLER , but I first want to thank Chairman R
OBERTS for doing the remarkable job he does bringing people together on the Agriculture Com-mittee. For the first 2 years I was in the Senate, beginning in 2015, I was on Agriculture, and I really enjoyed watching the way he worked trying to bridge the gaps between different inter-ests. In the Agriculture Committee, it is less along partisan lines and more along regional lines. So the fact that we have a farm bill before us, which I will support and I believe is good for farmers, is a testament to the leader-ship of Chairman R
OBERTS and Rank-ing Member S
TABENOW . A lot of people probably don’t realize that although North Carolina is a rel-atively small State, with the majority of our population in urban centers, we are also one of the top 10 agriculture States. We have over 80 commodities raised in our State which contribute about $84 billion to our State in rev-enue. So it is a very important sector— in fact, I would argue, the most impor-tant sector. It is absolutely important that we get the farm bill right and that we have fair treatment for all crops. Chairman R
OBERTS is working on that, and I am going to do everything I can to help him as we work with the House Members in conference. I want to spend the remaining part of my time talking about something that is also very important. About 80 percent of the farm bill is dedicated to the SNAP program. We heard Senator E
RNST talk about it in her comments. It is a very important program for nutritional assistance, but it is also important we implement poli-cies that make sure it is sustainable over time and that for those who are reliant on it, we ultimately do every-thing we can for those who are capable to no longer rely on it. How do we do that? Right now, there is a program for adults where, if you don’t have depend-ents, there is an expectation about work requirements, but I believe we have to make sure we have more people looking for work, being trained for work as a requirement for getting the SNAP benefits. There will be a lot of people who are going to talk about the heartless na-ture of this program, but let’s talk about what is really being proposed versus what you may hear in a floor speech or in the press. What this program is about is for people between the ages of 18 and 50 who do not have children under the age of 6. Why 6? Because at that point they are generally going to school, so daycare issues are not as great. We are not talking about people who have a health problem or someone who has a disability. They are exempted. We are talking about adults who may have older children, who are able-bod-ied, and should be expected to work or do some sort of community service as a condition for getting the SNAP benefit. There are a lot of people we think we can provide the benefit, get them to work a minimum of 20 hours a week, and ultimately maybe get them a job where they would no longer need the SNAP benefit and be free of any de-pendence on government to make their ends meet. There are also people who may not have skills that can get them into a job at this point. So if you can’t find a 20- hour-a-week job, you can at least per-haps get into a job training program so you have the necessary skills to make a living wage. A couple of months ago, I was vis-iting a center in Charlotte, about 15 minutes out of my hometown, which has been stood up by Goodwill. It takes all comers. Anybody who wants new job skills can come to this facility. They can pursue certifications. They can do the prerequisite work there to then go to a community college or uni-versity. This program is about saying: If you don’t have the skills you need today to get into that job that would free you from government assistance, then I think it is reasonable to expect that maybe 20 hours a week you go to training programs like this so you are better prepared to do it over time. That is essentially the nature of the amendment I have filed, along with the support of Senator CORNYN and Senator H
ELLER . There are a couple of reasons why you want to do this. We need to make sure we can get as many people to work, No. 1, so they can be free of gov-ernment assistance; and, No. 2, to make sure the economic burden on tax-payers does not become so great that, at some point, the only way we can pay for the SNAP benefit is to cut the SNAP benefit. In other words, I want to make sure these safety nets are al-ways well-funded and always there for people who need it. I think this amendment and an op-portunity to talk about it, and poten-tially make progress on this farm bill, is something I am excited about. I think we can do it in a way to make sure people who genuinely need it will get it, but those who genuinely have an opportunity to free themselves from government assistance over time can do that too. I will leave you with this. When I was 17 years old, I was supposed to go into the Air Force, and I was discharged be-cause of an automobile accident. I had moved out of our home when I was 17. I found myself not going to college and actually not being employed. Fortu-nately, for me, there was a community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.024 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4704 June 28, 2018 
college or a technical school back in Nashville, TN, that I went to which gave me the job skills that, over a very short period of time, gave me a job which ultimately led to my profes-sional career, and I guess ultimately led to me being a U.S. Senator. So I am speaking from personal experience. If I had taken the path of maybe just looking for a program that didn’t have a work requirement, didn’t necessarily have the motivation to go down the path I did—there are people out there whom I think we are going to lose who could be some of the greatest business executives, plant managers, artisans, and trades men and women we have ever seen. That is why programs like this and amendments like this I think require serious consideration and hope-fully the support of the Senate. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have been a member of the Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry Committee since I was first elected to the Senate. The work that committee has done throughout my tenure in the Senate has proven that a bipartisan, reason-able process is not only possible but is preferable to the rancor and rhetoric that so often curtails the important work before the Senate. The 2018 farm bill process once again demonstrates this distinctive quality of the Agriculture Committee, which has produced a vital legislative product that will improve our Nation’s agricul-tural, food, and environmental sys-tems. As a former chairman and rank-ing member of the Agriculture Com-mittee, I know just how much work it takes to draft and advance a bill of this size, breadth, and influence, and I thank Chairman R
OBERTS and Ranking Member S
TABENOW for working to-gether to get this done. This bill stands in stark contrast to the version passed by the House of Rep-resentatives just last week, in which an ugly partisan process resulted in legislation full of environmental riders and harmful policy constraints that would devastate the millions of fami-lies that depend on our nutrition pro-grams for basic nutrition. I urge all Senators to recognize that the bipar-tisan product reported nearly unani-mously by the committee is a strong bill that provides leadership on food, agriculture, nutrition, natural re-sources, and rural development issues. The policies it advances are based on the best available science and will pro-vide for effective management. This bill is so much more than just a ‘‘farm bill’’ or even a ‘‘food bill.’’ This is a bill that addresses a wide swath of American life and helps to set prior-ities for the policies that affect every single one of us. It is our chance to show farmers, foresters, families, rural communities, and every American con-sumer that we hear their concerns and can help everyone live a healthier, fuller life. Vermont farmers and fami-lies expect that the programs and guid-ance within the farm bill will help our struggling farms, large and small, to stay productive, ensure that children are well nourished, and protect our en-vironment. This is a bill for every America and a bill for future genera-tions. I have heard countless heartbreaking stories from Vermont dairy farmers who are struggling to stay afloat right now amid perilously low milk prices. In addition to dairy, I know that agri-culture across the country is facing in-creasing difficulties when it comes to competition, trade, dropping prices, and dramatic weather challenges that have farmers everywhere on edge. I am proud that this bill will continue to ad-dress these. I particularly want to thank the chair and ranking member for the inclusion of the improved Dairy Risk Coverage Program that builds on the important margin protection im-provements I was able to secure in Feb-ruary for our struggling dairy farmers. The bill also provides important sup-port for the rapidly growing organic in-dustry and local food systems and the opportunity for farmers to diversify their crops by growing and selling hemp products. We continue the proud tradition of providing nutritional assistance to our fellow Americans with the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, and this bill continues our commitment to worldwide stability and productivity with programs like McGovern-Dole, Food for Peace, the Global Crop Diversity Trust, as well as valuable research to support farmers here at home and around the world. We know that, when families and children do not have to wonder where their next meal may come from, children do bet-ter in school, workers are more produc-tive, and our Nation is stronger. The same is true when we support inter-national efforts that combat poverty and provide lifesaving humanitarian assistance, we alleviate poverty and build stronger U.S. partners. Our Nation’s conservation tradition is reinforced in this bill, with signifi-cant funding and necessary improve-ments to programs that allow farmers and forestland owners to make envi-ronmentally friendly improvements to their land and take care of the natural areas that make our lands and our countryside so vital, productive, and unique. Wildlife, biodiverse eco-systems, and the air, land, and water we rely on will be cleaner and healthier because of this bill. Through the sup-port of the committee’s chair and ranking member, the bill does not in-clude problematic changes that would have weakened pesticide and forestry laws. This farm bill provides critical eco-nomic development support to address the unique challenges and needs faced by our rural communities. I am proud of the steps this bill makes possible to improve the lives of rural citizens ev-erywhere by investing in rural commu-nity infrastructure and facilities, in-cluding a new priority for treatment centers for substance abuse disorders, while providing and expanding much- needed technical assistance and access to affordable capital for small and growing rural businesses that serve as economic engines in our rural towns. This bill is a good bill, a strong bill, and it is a breath of bipartisan fresh air. Coming on the heels of our recent passage of the first package of Senate appropriations bills for fiscal year 2019 earlier this week, we are again proving that the Senate can move important and complicated legislation with bipar-tisan support when we take the time to work with each other and we commit to keeping these bills free of controver-sial items. This bill serves as an example of why we are all here: to help those who need it, to make sure our Nation is secure, and to protect our natural resources for generations to come. I will work with the chairman and ranking mem-ber to ensure that this bill passes and that we are able to send a strong and balanced bill to the President that we can all stand behind. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to amendment No. 3074. Agriculture is the economic engine of Nebraska, and the beef industry is the largest segment of Nebraska agri-culture. In fact, in Nebraska, cattle out-number people by more than three to one. The industry plays a critical role in my State’s economic viability with nearly $7.2 billion in annual cash re-ceipts. Nebraska is also the No. 1 cattle-on- feed State, illustrating our commit-ment to provide American families and dinner tables around the world with af-fordable, safe, high-quality Nebraska beef. As a Nebraska cattle rancher, I un-derstand the purpose of the checkoff program and its direct impact on pro-ducers’ ability to market their prod-ucts. It is an investment into the future of my State’s No. 1 industry. Funds collected from producers are used for research and promotion pro-grams designed by producers to benefit the entire industry. Producer control has been a defining feature of the beef checkoff since its inception and is what drives its suc-cess. Since 1985, producers have proven perfectly capable of deciding how to spend their money and should be al-lowed to continue to do so. This amendment would harm agricul-tural producers and the rural commu-nities they support. I strongly urge my colleagues to re-ject this amendment. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I have some remarks with which to explain the two unanimous consent requests 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.026 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4705 June 28, 2018 
that I am making. I understand, to ac-commodate the schedule of the Senator from Wisconsin, I will make the unani-mous consent requests prior to my re-marks. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that I be recognized upon the dis-position of the unanimous consent re-quests. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2880 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of S. 2880, a bill to establish a pilot program for long- term rental assistance for families af-fected by major disasters, and the Sen-ate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. I further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, as chairman of the committee of jurisdiction, I have reached out to the Federal Emergency Management Agency for its views, and the Agency opposes this legislation. According to the Agency: 
FEMA has spent more than $432 million on . . . [the Transitional Shelter Assistance program], and provided rental assistance to more than 25,000 TSA participant families to help them find permanent housing solutions. [Ninety-seven] percent of those enrolled in the program have successfully transitioned to more permanent housing. The remaining households in [the Transi-tional Shelter Assistance program] have ei-ther received rental or repair assistance from FEMA; have a habitable home with utilities on; or are not eligible for additional FEMA housing assistance. Federal, state, and voluntary organization partners will continue to provide assistance through disaster case management to those who still require long-term solutions. 
Again, as the chairman of the com-mittee with oversight and jurisdiction over FEMA, I really do believe it is im-portant to support FEMA’s objection to this. For those reasons, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I have another unanimous consent request. Let me just say, as to the unanimous consent request that the Senator from Wisconsin has just objected to, indeed, FEMA does oppose this. That is the whole purpose of the UC request, for people are about to get shut out of the temporary housing that they have in their having been evacuated from Puer-to Rico to Florida. According to FEMA, this program runs out on June 30. In fact, a law on the books says that FEMA could acti-vate that program just as it did after Hurricane Katrina for the poor people in New Orleans who had to evacuate from their homes. In that case, most of them evacuated to a different State. A lot of them went to Houston, TX. If the Presiding Officer hears emo-tion in this Senator’s voice, indeed, it is there. I will address the remarks later. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2066 
Mr. President, my second unanimous consent request involves a matter of Medicaid assistance and housing assist-ance to families who have been affected by a major disaster. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Finance Committee, of which this Senator is a part, be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 2066, a bill to provide housing and Medicaid assistance to families af-fected by a major disaster; that the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration; that the bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have been asked by the chairman of the Sen-ate Finance Committee to object on his behalf. On his behalf, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, both of these UC requests are because there are a lot of people who are hurting in the aftermath of two hurricanes having hit Puerto Rico and because the island is still in great distress. Our fellow U.S. citizens on the island of Puerto Rico are, indeed, in great distress. It is not only because of the slow assistance by FEMA but because of the lack of elec-tricity, as parts of Puerto Rico today are without electricity, with its going on 10 months after the hurricane. It is because of the number of people who are fleeing the island and, therefore, the jobs are not available because the economy has been so crippled. Natu-rally, a number of those people have fled to where they can find safety and shelter and put their children in school. By the way, there are a number of schools in Puerto Rico that are closed. Not just tens of thousands but hun-dreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans have fled the island to the States where there will be decent opportuni-ties to get jobs, and a good number of them are in my State of Florida. In Florida, there are 600 families who have been in temporary housing. It is called TSA. It is called temporary shel-ter assistance. About 100 of those fami-lies have moved on to other States, and another 100 of those families have re-turned to the island. Yet 400 of those families are still in our State, and a good number of those 400 families are still in temporary shelter assistance. At least FEMA did not stop this as-sistance in March. We got them to ex-tend it until the end of May and then pointed out that a lot of these families in that temporary assistance had chil-dren in school and that they needed to complete the academic year. The as-sistance was extended until 2 days from now, June 30. They have nowhere to go. By both husband and wife working two jobs, some of them have collected enough savings to be able to afford apart-ments. The problem is that the apart-ment rentals want security deposits that are three or four times the month-ly rents. Many of these families do not have that much money saved as a re-sult of their being unable to find work. It seems to me that the humane thing to do is to activate again the part of the law that is still on the books that was activated after Hurri-cane Katrina hit New Orleans, of which this Senator asked for unanimous con-sent and to which it has been objected by the Republican side, for the purpose of there being transitional housing as-sistance. That bill was filed by a num-ber of us. It was the only way to get ac-tion since we just heard the chairman of the Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Committee say that FEMA was not going to extend it and does not support it. If it were good enough for the people who fled New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina, why isn’t it good enough for the people in Florida, our fellow U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico, who have been equally devastated after their having fled the deplorable conditions on their native island? In the wake of those hurricanes, there are thousands of displaced fami-lies who are still unable to return to their homes. This includes the hun-dreds of families—and we estimate its being about 400 families—who are in the State of Florida. Despite that fact, FEMA is still saying that it is ending this transitional shelter assistance. This decision to stop providing as-sistance to these families has many of them very scared. They are scrambling to figure out what they are going to do and to find affordable places. We have reached out to churches, and we have reached out to other charitable organi-zations to try to help them afford the deposits even when they have the in-come now from one or both spouses having worked two jobs to be able to afford the apartments. So what we have been trying to do with this legislation, now rejected by our Republican friends, is we have been trying to urge the Agency to do the right thing—use the existing law and activate it. It was done for New Orle-ans; why not now for Puerto Rico? The situation that many of these families find themselves in is a situa-tion no family should have to go through. I suspect that what we are going to see come Sunday in Florida by the news organizations will be a chron-icle of some who will be living in a car or going down to a homeless shelter. Some of them have lost everything be-cause of these storms. Too many are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.027 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4706 June 28, 2018 
still unable to find work or to find af-fordable housing and especially the se-curity deposit. For many of them, the only thing they have is the help FEMA is providing, but that is only good for 2 more days. We have tried, but the Senator from Wisconsin, at the direction of the Re-publican leader, has said they are not going to let this legislation come up. These folks are not looking for a handout; they just need a little help getting back on their feet after the storms took everything from them. The fact that FEMA has put an arbi-trary deadline on this aid rather than trying to work with the people defies logic. FEMA’s TSA Program is critical and it has been critical to providing for them. While I recognize that the TSA Program was a temporary fix, you just can’t end a temporary fix when people are being thrown out on the streets. So that was an attempt to force FEMA to act, this request to pass the legislation forcing them to act. That is why this Senator made the unanimous consent request. The second unanimous consent re-quest this Senator asked for was to ac-tivate a housing program of additional section 8 housing. Florida has used up its meager allocation. This would have given additional section 8 housing for those among the least fortunate of us. I thank my cosponsors—Senators B
LUMENTHAL , WARREN , MARKEY , GILLI-
BRAND , HARRIS , and B ALDWIN —for their understanding of this situation and for signing on as cosponsors with me. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RUSSIA  
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about a problem that is growing and needs to be confronted or we will regret our decision to lay down in the face of Russian aggression and Syrian aggression inside of Syria. As you well know, we have been try-ing to find a solution in Syria for quite a while. We were able to reach an agreement about deescalation zones in southwestern Syria where, basically, the parties would disengage, and we reached a settlement with the Rus-sians, U.N. Resolution 2254, to create some space to stop the fighting and the killing. What have we found? In recent days, the Syrian regime has intensified mili-tary operations within the southwest Syria deescalation zone negotiated by Jordan, Russia, and the United States. The Russian Air Force is flying in this area, and we are doing nothing about it. The bottom line is that if we allow Russia to get away with this and Assad to get away with this, it is going to hurt us everywhere else in the Mideast. When President Trump meets with President Putin on July 16, I hope he will bring this up. The question is this: Are we going to let Putin walk all over us? We had 8 years of that, and I am kind of tired of it. Now, 6,000 civilians have already fled their homes. A lot of them have been killed in this area where we reached an agreement with the Russians and the Jordanians and the world at-large. These people were assured under this agreement that they would not be bombed or slaughtered anymore. Now the slaughtering and the bombing has started anew. They are going to look at us and everybody in the region is going to look at us as all talk and no action. The United Nations is going to be seen as weak. I like a strong President. I appreciate what President Trump has done to re-build the military. I like the fact that we are talking with North Korea to avoid a conflict with North Korea, but I also like the fact that the President has told North Korea: We are going to stop your nuclear program and missile program. We would rather do it peace-fully, but it is going to stop. Stop threatening the United States. We are trying to make it a win-win. We have taken the fight to ISIS in a new way. There are a lot of things to say about our military and foreign pol-icy under President Trump, like get-ting out of the Iran deal, which was terrible. It is all good. It is about to erode in a big way. If we let Russia and Assad violate the agreement that we negotiated and they don’t pay a price, then it is going to hurt our standing everywhere, and it is going to embolden Russia and Assad even more. This is a nightmare for Israel. Syr-ians have suffered enough at the hands of Assad and Russia. It is a nightmare for the Kurds, and it really affects our standing in the world. When this meeting happens on July 16 in Finland, I hope the President will bring this up if it is not resolved before then because, President Trump, if you let Putin get away with this and Assad get away with this, then, good luck ev-erywhere else in the world. We have had 8 years of letting bad people get away with bad things. I hope you will bring it up and bring it to an end because our word should matter. Thousands of people have been dis-placed from their homes. Hundreds have been killed in violation of an agreement we signed, I think, last year. Secondly, the meeting with Putin is a good thing. You have to talk to your enemies, your friends, and everybody in between. National Security Advisor Bolton had it right. There are things we can work on with Russia and there are things we can’t. Russia is an enemy. They are not a friend. They are an enemy of democracy, but you have to talk to your enemies as well as your friends. We do have some common ground— maybe even in Syria. Russia has had bases in Syria for a long time. I don’t mind that they continue to have bases. I don’t want to turn Damascus over to the Iranians, and I don’t want Syria to be run by the Russians. I want Syria to be run by Syrians. There was a statement today by the President that Russia denies meddling in our election. You are right, Mr. President, they deny it, but they are lying. When you meet with Putin and he says we had nothing to do with it, I would take the opportunity to show him why we disagree. When you meet with Putin, I would explain to him what happens if you continue to med-dle in our election. Not only did they meddle in the 2016 election—I am not alleging they changed the outcome, and I have seen no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians— but I am 100 percent convinced that it was the Russians who stole the Demo-cratic National Committee emails and Podesta’s emails. It was the Russians who took out ads all over the country pitting one American against the other. The bottom line is this: Russia did interfere in our democracy. They are doing it everywhere else in the world. When they say they didn’t, they are lying. President Trump, if you don’t bring this up, it will be a huge mistake. If you don’t push back against the lie, it will be a huge mistake. As to what they are doing now, I hope President Trump will tell Presi-dent Putin: We know what you are doing, and you had better knock it off because you continue to do this at your own peril. If we have a face-to-face be-tween President Trump and President Putin and there is not a clear under-standing by President Putin that we have had it with his interference in our democracy and his destabilizing the world at-large, then it will be a huge mistake and a great opportunity lost. There are areas on which we can agree with the Russians and places where we can work with the Russians, but to have a good relationship with Russia, you have to have an honest re-lationship with Russia. Here is the honest relationship with Russia: Putin is no friend of democracy. He interfered in the 2016 election, and he is going to do it again in 2018. He really is not a Republican or a Democrat. He hates us equally. Remember the dossier—this piece of garbage that was collected in Russia by a foreign agent paid for by the Demo-cratic Party? Where do you think they got that information from? Do you think Putin would hesitate 1 minute to undercut you if he thought it was in his interest? He will do what is in his interest, and when the pain is too great, he will back off. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.029 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4707 June 28, 2018 
I am counting on you, and the Amer-ican people are counting on you, Presi-dent Trump, and the world is counting on you to set the record straight when it comes to Putin’s interference in de-mocracy, including ours. I hope he un-derstands after this meeting is over with that if he continues to go down this path, it is at his own peril. If we don’t make it painful, he will keep doing it. We are doing a lot of good things in terms of pushing back against Russia but not enough, because if we were doing enough, they would not be inter-fering in the 2018 elections, and they are. Finally, as to whether or not they did it, every intelligence agency we have, under the Obama administration and now the Trump administration, says without equivocation that the Rus-sians interfered in our election. It wasn’t some 300-pound guy sitting on a bed somewhere. They stole the emails. They gave them to WikiLeaks. They are trying to divide us. They are not a friend of Republicans. They are an enemy to all of us. President Trump, use this oppor-tunity to clear up the record and set it straight when it comes to Russia’s in-terference in our democracy. Find com-mon ground where you can. It makes sense to work with the Russians in Syria, and it makes sense to work with them in North Korea. It makes no sense to believe the lie or to make them believe that we believe the lie, and the lie is that they didn’t interfere. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the 2018 farm bill and the importance of passing this bill. I thank Chairman R
OBERTS and Ranking Member S
TABENOW for their dedication and determination in pro-ducing a truly bipartisan bill that cleared the Agriculture Committee 2 weeks ago with a strong bipartisan vote. Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator S
CHUMER have been dedicated to mov-ing this bill to the floor. Under Chair-man R
OBERTS ’ and Ranking Member S
TABENOW ’s leadership, the committee held six hearings, examining every title of the bill, passed a bill out of committee on a nearly unanimous 20- to-1 vote, and included almost 70 amendments before getting it to the floor this week. The Agriculture Committee and the farm bill are models of how we can work across the aisle on tough prob-lems and on major legislation that im-pacts every American—the farmers and ranchers who grow and raise the crops and livestock that sustain us, the hunt-ers and conservationists who rely on the wetlands and grasslands protected, the families who rely on access to healthy foods. This is an important bill. I hear it every day from people in my State— fishermen and hunters, farmers in rural communities and leaders. They understand that we do not want to be a country that becomes dependent on foreign food. We don’t want that to happen. In Minnesota, we produce a lot of food. Our economy is diverse from north to south and east to west—corn, soybeans, hogs, and turkeys in the southern and western part of our State; wheat, canola, and sugar beets in the northwest; and dairy and cattle in the central and southwest. As a State, we are No. 1 in turkeys. Yes, Mr. Presi-dent, that is true. Minnesota is No. 1 in turkeys and sugar beets. We are No. 2 in hogs, No. 3 in soybeans, No. 4 in corn, and fifth overall in agricultural production. But the prices farmers have received when selling these goods have been declining since 2013. USDA’s Economic Research Service is fore-casting net farm income to fall another 6.7 percent this year, which would rep-resent the lowest level since 2006. These commodities are increasingly sent around the world. From 2006 to 2016, Minnesota producers sent $7.1 bil-lion worth of ag products to markets around the world, making us the fourth largest agricultural exporting State in the United States. Our soybeans and dairy go to China, pork to Canada, beef to South Korea, and corn and poultry to Mexico. These exports are a crucial part of our economy, and the unknown on trade and the threat of terrorists, especially from allies with allies, such as Canada and what we have been see-ing there—and I hope we will have a reasonable approach with our allies going forward—those headlines are having real impacts on many farmers’ bottom lines. Finally, no matter where the farm is located or what crops they grow, all Minnesota farms and rural commu-nities face weather risks. This spring, many farmers and ranchers were de-layed getting into their fields because of an April blizzard. We had rains that were unexpected, and the uncertainty out there in the countryside makes our work on the 2018 farm bill even more important. What do I like about this bill? First of all, it continues to protect and im-prove the tools that help our farmers deal with risk. The improvements in-cluded in the commodity title will en-sure more consistent payments across counties in the Agricultural Risk Cov-erage Program and more access to risk management tools, such as crop insur-ance. It also replaces the Margin Protec-tion Program for dairy producers and invests additional funds in the new Dairy Risk Coverage Program. This is a major challenge in my State and many others. We have also started a vaccine bank for the first time—something Senator CORNYN and I worked on. He is here in the Chamber, and I thank him for his leadership in working on this vaccine bank that we have started. It will help us with avian flu, H1N1, and other dis-eases that we see with our animals. Senator T
HUNE and I worked together on several provisions in the conserva-tion title of the bill to help farmers get more out of their land. We also worked to increase the CRP cap to 25 million acres and to fix a loophole in the con-servation sodsaver program. This bill includes a number of amend-ments. I see Senator S
TABENOW is here on the floor, and I again thank her for her leadership in helping us. Michigan, just like Minnesota, understands how important agriculture-based energy, biobased manufacturing, and clean en-ergy technology programs and initia-tives are. Those amendments were all included in this farm bill. I truly ap-preciate it, as well as the work that Senator H
OEVEN and I did to increase access to credit, while providing for better data reporting on borrowers and participation rates. I close with this: In these times of uncertainty in agriculture, we need to work to strengthen the farms and rural communities that sustain us every day. Whether it is hemp in Kentucky, hogs in Iowa, sugar beets and sweet corn in Minnesota, or energy in Michigan, this farm bill is about our Nation’s future, and it is about adjusting what is work-ing, making it a bill that meets the challenges ahead, and making sure we are investing in the farmers and the workers of the Midwest and not the oil cartels of the Mideast. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, be-fore the Senator from Minnesota leaves, I want to thank her for her amazing leadership as one of the senior members of the Agriculture Com-mittee. She has not only made a sig-nificant difference as it relates to en-ergy—and she talked about bioenergy and the biobased economy, which is so important for us, for jobs and energy independence. She has been a real lead-er there, as well as in conservation, commodities titles, local foods, and all of the ways in which this bill has come together. So I thank the Senator from Minnesota. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3383 (Purpose: To provide for certain work re-quirements for able-bodied adults without dependents and to require State agencies to operate a work activation program for eligi-ble participants in the supplemental nutri-tion assistance program) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 3383 to the lan-guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 3224. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.030 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4708 June 28, 2018 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. K ENNEDY ] proposes an amendment numbered 3383 to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 3224. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with and for the opportunity to make a few re-marks about my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. KENNEDY. Thank you. Mr. President, I am joined in this amendment with Senators Cruz and Lee. I thank Senator R
OBERTS and Sen-ator S
TABENOW for their work on this bill. The farm bill is a must-pass bill. It is important. I realize that. America was born on the farm. Seventy percent of the cost of this bill has to do with food stamps, and I am pleased to have the opportunity for us to discuss a way to improve our food stamp program. As I said yesterday, I don’t want to take away food stamps from people in need. I do want fewer people to need food stamps. In our country, I am very proud of the fact that if you are hun-gry, we feed you. If you are homeless, we house you. If you are too poor to be sick, we pay for your doctor. But the best way to continue the food stamp program and our other social programs is to make sure that they are efficient and that we save as much money as we can from those who would abuse the program in order to really help those in need. This amendment will make respon-sible changes to the SNAP program by updating photo identification require-ments related to electronic benefits transfer systems in the Food and Nu-trition Act, and it will also take the very important step of having work re-quirements for able-bodied adult indi-viduals without dependents. We are not talking about someone with kids or taking Grandpa out of the nursing home. And it would require State agen-cies to operate work activation pro-grams for eligible SNAP participants. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I am proud to join with Senator K
ENNEDY and Sen-ator L
EEin offering this amendment. The farm bill has many good and im-portant elements in it that benefit our farmers and ranchers, who are a crit-ical part of our economy in my home State of Texas and all across this coun-try. A major component of this bill is, of course, the food stamp program. The food stamp program provides impor-tant support for people who are in need, but at the same time, we should not be trapping people into depend-ency. The amendment that I have joined with Senator K
ENNEDY and Senator L
EEin offering strengthens the work requirements for food stamps for able- bodied adults. Right now, more than a third of the country lives in areas with no work requirements. Thirty-three States have some kind of waiver on the work requirements. Twenty-eight States have partial waivers. Five States and the District of Columbia have total waivers on work require-ments. That is not right, and it has led to a troubling development. In recent years, a rapidly growing group of food stamp recipients has been able-bodied adults between the ages of 18 to 49, in prime working ages, who are not dis-abled and have no dependents or chil-dren to support. This population has quintupled, rising from 1 million re-cipients in 2008 to about 5 million re-cipients in 2015. As a Senate, this should be a bipar-tisan proposal. We should come to-gether to include work requirements to get people who are on food stamps back into the workplace, providing for their families. I urge our colleagues to support this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the amendment. I want to step back and look at the reality of SNAP and the food assist-ance program today. The farm bill has two kinds of safety nets. It is a safety net for farmers and a safety net for families. The good news is, because the econ-omy is doing better, we are going to save over $80 billion in the next 10 years on the food and family side be-cause the economy is getting better and people don’t need temporary help and they are going back to work. The challenge for us is that in this bill, we have a lot of farmers who need a safety net because we have seen prices drop by 50 percent and weather disasters and other things that have been very chal-lenging for them. So, No. 1, I think this is an amend-ment in search of a problem. No. 2, we already have work requirements—let’s make that very, very clear. Despite things that have been said before, we already have work requirements in the SNAP program. Now, 75 percent of those who get food help are senior citizens, people with disabilities, and children and their par-ents—75 percent. Of the 25 percent— they are required to work at least 20 hours a week, and if they do not, then the most they can receive is up to 3 months’ worth of food help in a 3-year period. The amendment essentially would limit and change that for people. For instance, it would subject parents of children as young as 1 years old to new work requirements, but there is no funding for training or support for childcare or anything to help that mom be successful. In the underlying bill, we have fund-ed 10 States to help those who have extra challenges get into full-time em-ployment, and we add 8 more States to that. That is the positive way to do it, not just saying that moms of children as young as 1 years old have to meet a work requirement in order to feed their children. This also eliminates waivers that States use in high-unemployment areas, like Tribal areas. Basically, what is being said here is that we shouldn’t trust States. I think about all the times we hear from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle about State block grants and about supporting States. This goes in the exact opposite direction—taking away the opportunity for States to be able to ask for waivers in high-unemployment areas. It also slashes work exemptions that States use to cover special populations, such as veterans. It would incentivize States to cut people off of SNAP by forcing States to meet unrealistic workforce targets or face stiff pen-alties, and it would cut the amount of time that someone—again, I mentioned that you have to work 20 hours a week; otherwise, you can receive no more than 3 months’ worth of food help in a 3-year period. This would say ‘‘No, no, no; 3 months is too much out of 3 years’’ and it would take it down to 1 month. Finally, there is the Kennedy provi-sion specifically requiring household members to show picture IDs to pur-chase food. Colleagues should know that this is strongly opposed by the Food Marketing Institute and the Na-tional Grocers Association and the manufacturers. It would impose new li-abilities on more than 200,000 stores, including small businesses that partici-pate in SNAP, which would then be lia-ble and responsible for what happens under this provision. It would create barriers for seniors, people with disabilities who rely on caregivers to purchase their groceries, and others who depend on someone else to get them their food assistance, and homeless individuals, including vet-erans, without IDs might be denied food as a result of this provision. I join with the distinguished chair-man who will be making a motion to table this amendment. We will have the opportunity to thoughtfully ad-dress these issues in a conference com-mittee. This amendment, in my judgment, would undermine what has been a very positive bipartisan effort to get a farm bill done and, in fact, would stop us from being able to complete this bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I think I owe an apology to many of my Republican colleagues, if I could call for regular order, please. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I think I owe an apology to many of my Republican colleagues, and I hope I can get their attention. We have talked a lot about the need for a farm bill. We have talked about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.033 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4709 June 28, 2018 
how we are in a rough patch in agri-culture and how it affects every part of the country—all regions, all crops—and that we have crafted a farm bill in a bi-partisan way with most of the titles. I have not talked enough to stress what we have done with regard to the SNAP program, in terms of reform and efficiencies, and solving that bonus program that was full of errors, prompting the IG to fine several States. Bear with me. I want to go over some of this progress that I think my col-leagues will be interested in. I thank my colleague for his amend-ment, which would modify the work re-quirements under SNAP, as has been indicated, and require a photo ID with the use of a SNAP EBT card. I under-stand the intent to work toward self- sufficiency among SNAP participants. By the way, the best thing we have done is we have seen the economy im-prove and have seen to it that people have jobs and can get jobs and actually get off of food stamps. While I understand the intent is to promote work by broadening the appli-cation of the requirements, our bill would focus more on employment and training in the work requirements. The point I am trying to make is that in addition, many of the provisions in the amendment are duplicative of current law and regulations and would create significant administrative burdens for the Department of Agriculture and State agencies—something we don’t want. Our bill is focused on more account-ability in the employment and training programs to get folks back on the path to employment. Ten States have pilot programs, taking a look at exactly how they can accomplish this goal. Eight more we deal with in this bill. That is 18 States where we have pilot programs where we can actually make progress and that is by States innovating, by adopting State pilot programs, as I have just mentioned. We authorize new State innovation employment and training pilots. I just basically addressed that. We make sure State work programs consult with local employers when setting up and evaluating a training program. That means we are much more specific. We set up a process for groups of employ-ers and nonprofit stakeholders to con-duct their own training programs that count for SNAP participants with minimal regulatory burden. So we are achieving regulatory re-form while, at the same time, getting basically nonprofit stakeholders to come in and actually take part. That is a good thing. These are all things that will provide the tools to States, to people, to em-ployers, and to nonprofits that will get people working again. I urge my colleagues to support my motion to table this amendment, and then we can find the appropriate bal-ance in getting people working again. Obviously, we point out that this issue is going to come up again when we go to conference—if we can get a bill; if we can at least keep on the bipartisan track to get a farm bill done. Again, I appreciate the effort to com-bat fraud in SNAP, but I am in opposi-tion to this amendment, along with the independent grocers, the convenience stores, and retailers all across the country. Current law allows States to have a photo on EBT cards, but most States have concluded that the cost of putting a photo on the card would outweigh any savings from fraud prevention. For the few States that have opted for a photo EBT card, it has created so much confusion at the register for many re-tailers, since EBT cards are shared with different people in a household. It is a problem. While I share concerns about the SNAP program’s integrity, the bill al-ready includes several provisions that would improve the integrity of the pro-gram, such as the use of increased data matches across the program. These are efficiencies I haven’t talked about to my Republican col-leagues. I know the ranking member certainly has made her caucus aware of them. Therefore, I respectfully urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. President, I move to table the Kennedy amendment No. 3383 and ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 68, nays 30, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 141 Leg.] YEAS—68 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Corker Cortez Masto Crapo Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NAYS—30 
Barrasso Burr Cassidy Cornyn Cotton Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Heller Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Paul Risch Rubio Sasse Scott Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Thank you, Mr. President. We are getting very close to final-izing the farm bill on a bipartisan basis. We just have some UC requests we are going over. Stay tuned. I hope Members understand that when we do have a vote—this vote was over 60 min-utes. There was some commentary on it. I understand that, but certainly we can do better than that on behalf of our ranchers, farmers, growers, and the great State of Texas. Thank you very much, and we will be back to you just as quickly as we can. I know people have very important schedules to meet. I yield to the Senator from Michigan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I will join with Chairman R
OBERTS . We are close to the final UC and to the final vote. We will ask folks to stay close, and we hope to begin that proc-ess shortly, with everyone’s support and indulgence. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF TARA SWEENEY  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I would like to take a few minutes while we have an interlude here with the farm bill to speak along with my col-league Senator S
ULLIVAN about the nomination of, in my view, an extraor-dinary Alaskan—Tara MacLean Sweeney, who has been nominated to serve as Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs at the Department of Interior. It is certainly my very strong hope that Ms. Sweeney can be confirmed to this position before we leave for the Fourth of July recess. I see no reason why this body should delay confirma-tion. I want to give just a little bit of background and share, along with my colleague Senator S
ULLIVAN , some of the attributes we are talking about here. Ms. Sweeney is truly a noncontrover-sial nominee. She has support across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.035 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4710 June 28, 2018 
the political spectrum. She was re-ported out of the Committee on Indian Affairs by a voice vote. There was no dissent. She is endorsed by the Na-tional Congress of American Indians, and she enjoys strong support across Indian Country—not only from Alaska Natives up in our State but truly across Indian Country. She is Inupiaq. She is a very distinguished leader, re-spected among indigenous peoples not only here in the United States but abroad. She is truly eminently quali-fied for the position. So I want to share briefly the history of how we got here. It has been many months—many, many months—and I think it is important to know the proc-ess she has gone through. The Presi-dent announced his intent to nominate Ms. Sweeney on October 16, 2017. We re-ceived it in the Senate about a week later, and from there she entered into this frustrating bureaucratic purgatory is probably the best way to describe it. So I mentioned that Ms. Sweeney is an Inupiaq from the North Slope, and like every other Alaska Native who was born before December 18, 1971, she is a beneficiary of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act. Under that leg-islation, Ms. Sweeney received 100 shares of stock in the Arctic Slope Re-gional Corporation. This is one of the 13 corporations that has been created by Congress. Ms. Sweeney also inher-ited some additional shares from her mother who died in 1996. The Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act prohibits Ms. Sweeney from disposing of those shares. Why is that? These are not shares that are like shares in IBM or General Electric. These shares are her birthright as an Alaskan Native. The Department of In-terior has concluded that Ms. Sweeney’s continued ownership of those shares creates no ethical impedi-ments to the discharge of her duties— none whatsoever. She has also entered into an ethics agreement under which she will recuse herself from matters in-volving the Arctic Slope Regional Cor-poration, where she served as a cor-porate officer prior to her nomination. Really, there is no conceptual dif-ference between Ms. Sweeney’s service with her Native corporation and the service of her predecessor Assistant Secretaries for Indian Affairs who all came to the office after serving as elected Tribal leaders. In those in-stances, none of the predecessors to Ms. Sweeney were disqualified for con-firmation for Tribal service, and she certainly should not be either. Ms. Sweeney’s corporation manages lands set aside for Native people; so do nearly all of the federally recognized Tribes. Her corporation engages in a variety of successful business activities that parallel those engaged in by feder-ally recognized Tribes in the lower 48. Voting membership in Ms. Sweeney’s corporation is constituted entirely of Native people, just like membership in the lower 48 Tribes, and the governing body in Ms. Sweeney’s corporation is constituted entirely of Native people, just as the governing bodies of the lower 48 Tribes. There is no valid rea-son—certainly no valid reason to delay the confirmation of Tara Sweeney to the post of Assistant Secretary for In-dian Affairs. This is an agency that I think those of us who have been involved on the In-dian Affairs Committee, as I have for my entire tenure in the Senate, know that leadership in this critical agency for our first peoples is absolutely a pri-ority. There is so much that needs to be done within the Agency. The Bureau of Indian Education, which Ms. Sweeney will oversee as an Assistant Secretary, has earned a place on the Government Accountability Office’s list of high-risk programs for the 115th Congress. One of her challenges will be to improve the Bureau of Indian Education. When you think about the respon-sibilities you have as Assistant Sec-retary with NBIA to address not only the education issues, the health and safety issues, and the life and well- being of our Native people, she has a lot of work to do. So leadership at the top is going to require a handful of things. The first is steady leadership and a strong commitment to lead. You just can’t get to leading the agency until you have been confirmed to the position. The second thing that has to happen is to ensure that the agency is staffed and has the resources to care for our Native children. The third is to have an action plan in place that iden-tifies the root causes of the agency’s problems and to identify real solutions. The fourth is the formulation of cor-rective measures and to validate the work. The final one is to demonstrate progress that the agency has overcome some of these issues. I can tell you for a fact that Tara Sweeney is ready. She is beyond ready. She has been teed up to do this, in my view, literally, her whole life. She has gone through a very rigorous process. She has been overwhelmingly endorsed by Native peoples across the country, those whom she would serve in this ca-pacity. She knows there are significant issues and problems within the BIA that need to be addressed that are going to be difficult, and she has said in front of us and to those of us who know her well: I am not afraid to kick down doors. I am not afraid to stand up and speak out loud for the people whom I will serve. I know she takes these responsibil-ities very seriously. I know her leader-ship skills. I know her managerial skills. I have no doubt that she will do everything in her power to overcome these deficiencies that the GAO has identified, but I also should be clear that there will be no progress within the agency until one of the single most important positions to Indian Country is permanently filled with an Assistant Secretary. I know we are having challenges moving through nominees on this floor right now, but I would urge my col-leagues to look at Tara Sweeney’s cre-dentials. Look at her background. Look at how she has come to this place. She is not a controversial nomi-nee. She is well-qualified. She did ex-tremely well at her hearing before the Indian Affairs Committee. She has an-swered every question that has been asked of her. Indian Country is united in support of her. I just ask that, for the good of the first peoples in this country, they have that leadership at the top to come in and address so many of these serious issues that face them today. Let us come together with this nominee and move her through the process in a prompt and expedient way. I will close with one last comment before turning to my colleague, and that is that of the 12 previous Assistant Secretaries at the BIA over the years, 11 of those 12 have moved through con-firmation here in the Senate unani-mously, without even a vote. Only one was required to have a vote. As I recall, the outcome in support of that indi-vidual was 87 votes in favor. This is not a controversial position. This is not partisan in any way. This has to be an individual that is willing to bring together people—our first peoples and those of us at govern-ment levels—to work together to ad-dress the very real, serious, and signifi-cant concerns that we have. Tara Sweeney is just that person. I would urge colleagues: Please, please, let’s advance her quickly and expedi-tiously across the floor of the Senate. I would turn to my colleague who has worked very hard and also knows Ms. Sweeney to be an extraordinarily capa-ble Alaskan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague Senator M
URKOWSKI from the great State of Alaska—our great State—for talking about someone we really care about and someone who will do really impor-tant things for the entire country. Senator M
URKOWSKI talked about Tara Sweeney’s background. When we had the confirmation hearing in Indian Affairs, I had the honor of introducing her. She did fantastic in that inter-view. Republicans and Democrats all agree. When you look at her background, she is a leader. You can read her re-sume. You can see all of the things that this relatively young woman has accomplished. Senator M
URKOWSKI  mentioned some. She was, for example, the cochair of the Alaska Federation of Natives. That is an elected position in Alaska. Almost 20 percent of our popu-lation is Alaska Native. She was one of the youngest cochairs ever on that in-credibly important organization. She was the chair of the Arctic Eco-nomic Conference. She has also served in leadership positions at her Alaska Native Regional Corporations and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.036 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4711 June 28, 2018 
National Congress of American Indi-ans, and she is ready to lead an organi-zation that needs leadership. She is clearly qualified. Sometimes there can be confusion in terms of the laws that this body passes. In 1971 the Congress of the United States passed, and the President of the United States signed, the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act, or ANCSA back home. As Senator M
URKOWSKI  mentioned, this set up not reservation systems like we have in the lower 48 but a very innovative approach to Alaska Native claims for their land, and 44 million acres of State and Fed-eral land went to the possession and ownership of the first peoples of Alas-ka. It was very innovative. This body created Alaska regional corporations and village corporations, of which all our Alaska Native people are shareholders. My wife is a share-holder. My daughters are shareholders. That was mandated by the Congress. Yet, as Tara Sweeney has gone through her confirmation process, the Federal Government seemed to wake up to the fact that Alaska Native individuals owned shares in these Alaska corpora-tions that Congress created, and time and again, they started to seemingly almost hold it against her. Let me give you a little bit of a timeline of the delays that Senator M
URKOWSKI mentioned. She was nomi-nated by the President to serve as the Assistant Secretary on October 16, 2017. That is almost 9 months ago. First, her nomination went through a very long process through the Office of Government Ethics—again, because of the birthright shares that she is enti-tled to as an Alaskan Native because Congress told them that. So there was confusion. Again, a lot of people didn’t know what this was. At one point, there was even the sense that she couldn’t have the job until she sold her shares. But she can’t sell her shares, as Senator M
URKOWSKI said. It is not like owning IBM or Microsoft. Certainly, we were saying that if that were the precedent, you would rule out an entire class of great peo-ple—our constituents—from serving in the Federal Government. That couldn’t be the precedent. She has worked through this with the Office of Government Ethics, which has completely cleared her with regard to how she is going to manage these shares and recuse herself from any-thing her regional corporation has be-fore her, which, by the way, histori-cally, has almost never happened. She said she would do this in writing. That satisfied the Office of Government Eth-ics. Her nomination hearing was held on May 9, where she again committed to recuse herself from matters that per-tain to her regional corporation. On June 6, she was unanimously voted out of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. During the confirmation hearing, she said several times that she would recuse herself. In that hearing, as I mentioned, members on both sides again asked for assurances that she would recuse herself from issues per-taining to her regional corporation, and again, she provided assurances in writing after the hearing. You are starting to see a pattern here. I am not sure there is anyone who has gone through Senate confirmation recently who has had to reassure and say she is going to recuse herself again and again on an issue more than Tara Sweeney has. It is pretty remarkable, when you think about the fact that the reason she has these shares is because this body voted to create the act in 1971, and yet there is amnesia all over this city and, certainly, in this body. Once again, as we are trying to move her to the floor, it looks like there has been another demand for another as-surance and another letter on the same issues. So once again, Ms. Sweeney has provided that. Certainly, I hope that my colleagues—whoever is demanding this—will say: That is enough. If this very highly qualified person owned IBM or Microsoft or something like that, this would have been done and over. She would have recused herself. Yet, somehow, because she is an Alas-ka Native shareholder, there seems to be cause for additional delay. I think that is sad. I certainly hope that is not intended to somehow focus on making it more difficult for an Alaska Native to serve in such an important position. I hope that is not what is going on here. The pattern is starting to get a little bit difficult to endure. I think further delay, as Senator MURKOWSKI mentioned, is a disservice to someone as qualified as Tara Sweeney, and it is not reasonable. She has been waiting for months. Every time there has been a demand made on her, she does it. Every time there is a letter to ask her to reassure some-thing, she has reassured several times. She does it, but there is delay. That is not good for the individual. It is not good, actually, for trying to get good people to serve in the Federal Govern-ment, which we all want. Senator M
URKOWSKI also underscored that further delay is not good for any-one who is an Alaska Native or an American Indian or somebody who cares about them, like we do, because right now, the most important position in the Federal Government, the Assist-ant Secretary for Indian Affairs at the Department of Interior—which will be headed by someone who is immensely qualified in Tara Sweeney—is not filled. As Senator M
URKOWSKI men-tioned, there is so much work to be done. This woman is a leader. She will get on it. She will get on it to help Alaska Native people and to help lower 48 American Indians. We all know there are significant challenges on reservations and in some of the Alaska Native villages. We need a leader, and we have the leader. We have her. I am really concerned if there is going to be any more delay. What this body should do is confirm her right now. Senator MURKOWSKI and I are getting ready to ask at a certain point today, before the Senate moves to recess for the Fourth of July recess, for a unani-mous consent request. As far as I can tell, almost every Senator knows that this is important. I am certainly hop-ing all my colleagues are not going to ask for further delay. I am certainly hoping they are not going to ask for further delay that somehow relates to her being an Alaska Native. That would be highly inappropriate. Hopefully, we can move this nomina-tion forward for confirmation today so that Tara Sweeney can get to work for some of the most important people in this country. We have been without a leader in this position for way too long. I am certainly encouraging my col-leagues—everybody here—to clear this unanimous consent request when we make it, and that we get her confirmed today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to talk about the Nation’s first line of defense against hunger—the Supplemental Nu-trition Assistance Program, or SNAP. Since day one in the Senate, I have fought to pass a farm bill that stands up for North Dakota’s farmers, ranch-ers, and low-income families. In 2014 we passed a strong farm bill, which I helped to write, negotiate, and pass. Since then, I have been working on the next farm bill. Now the Senate is incredibly close to passing the next farm bill, which we crafted with strong support from Democrats and Republicans. This im-portant bill shows that the Senate can work to find compromise and support the American people. A key component of any farm bill is the safety net for farmers and ranchers during tough times, like crop insur-ance. It also includes a safety net for families who fall on hard times. Our Nation is one of the most pros-perous nations in the world. Yet, de-spite our great wealth, more than one out of seven Americans live below the poverty line. SNAP provides the crit-ical safety net for these Americans who are food-insecure. In my own State of North Dakota, about 54,000 North Dakotans partici-pate in SNAP on any given day. SNAP plays a critical role in helping these families put food on the table in what is oftentimes one of the most stressful periods in a person’s life. Of those 54,000 North Dakotans, 43 percent are children, 28 percent are seniors, and about 4 percent are veterans. Families can find themselves needing this assistance for a number of reasons. First, their hours may have been re-duced at work, they may have been laid off, their places of employment may have gone out of business, or an individual may be unable to work due to a disability or serious illness. Addi-tionally, nearly 9 percent of seniors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.037 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4712 June 28, 2018 
live below the poverty level. SNAP helps those seniors with their basic needs, many of whom live on fixed in-comes. Not one of us can predict when an un-expected life event will happen to us. Thankfully, SNAP is available to pro-vide at-risk families with the safety net they need. Other than those with disabilities, the elderly, or others who cannot work, very few people stay on SNAP for more than 3 months in a 36-month period. Half of those new to the SNAP program will leave it within 9 months once they become financially stable. Yesterday, I stood here to talk about the critical, bipartisan work of the chairman and ranking member on the Senate Ag Committee and what they have done for ranchers and farmers. This bipartisan farm bill includes a number of provisions that work to im-prove employment and job-training op-portunities and programs that help parents find new jobs or obtain new skills so that they can qualify for high-er paying jobs. This includes expanding SNAP employment and training dem-onstration pilots that were authorized under the 2014 farm bill. These pilot programs create more opportunities to build evidence on what works best in helping SNAP participants secure and retain jobs and advance in the labor market. Additionally, the Senate farm bill encourages States to create new pub-lic-private partnerships around job training and leverage existing private sector job-training programs for SNAP participants. During consideration of the 2014 farm bill, the Senate Ag Committee, on which I proudly sit, also worked to re-sponsibly cut $4 billion of waste, fraud, and abuse from the program, while pro-tecting low-income families who rely on this lifesaving program during times of need. The Senate bill con-tinues to improve SNAP’s integrity by preventing dual participation by ena-bling States to check whether appli-cants have already enrolled in other States. In other words, the SNAP program as laid out in the farm bill that we will be considering is a program that has the necessary reforms and the necessary balance. No one—no one—in this body wants someone who is unworthy to re-ceive SNAP benefits, but we also do not want families who need that crit-ical benefit to find it onerous or impos-sible to access food for their children, food for their grandchildren, or food for our veterans. A week ago, the House of Representa-tives narrowly passed its version of the farm bill by two votes, which would drastically cut SNAP. This partisan bill was even opposed by 20 Republican Members. As ranking member of the House Agriculture Committee, C
OLLIN  P
ETERSON said the following about the vote: 
The partisan approach of the Majority has produced a bill that simply doesn’t do enough for the people it’s supposed to serve. It still leaves farmers and ranchers vulner-able, it worsens hunger, and it fails rural communities. This approach makes reckless cuts to the nutrition safety net and in so doing significantly jeopardizes our chances of passing a farm bill. Any effort to sepa-rate farm programs from nutrition pro-grams threatens the urban-rural coali-tion that has kept the farm bill a bi-partisan effort for years. Simply put, the House bill threatens these critical lifelines for struggling families, seniors, and Americans with disabilities. There is no place for poli-tics when it comes to protecting these vulnerable members of our society. According to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, the House farm bill would cause more than 2 mil-lion individuals in more than 1 million households to lose their benefits. This simply will not impact single adults, but when a parent loses their food as-sistance, there isn’t enough money to buy for the whole household, including children. The House farm bill would pull the rug out from underneath low-income families by expanding the already rigid work requirements in SNAP. This in-cludes working parents, children, sen-iors, veterans, and disabled Americans. A quarter of a million children would lose their access to school lunch. Last Saturday, I was asked to par-ticipate in a discussion with the faith- based community in my State regard-ing their concerns about the SNAP pro-gram. At that time, we were told a cou-ple of stories that I think are signifi-cant for review here in the Senate. I want to start off by telling you about Kim. Kim is a woman, a single mom with two beautiful children. She lives in Bismarck, ND. She works as an accounting assistant, and when she doesn’t have full-time hours, she works as a substitute at area daycares. Since her divorce 3 years ago, her family has been eligible for SNAP benefits. Kim said: ‘‘We do what we can, but usually we are eating ramen by the end of the month—don’t want to eat cheap food, but there’s never enough money to buy healthy foods.’’ To stretch their food budget, Kim tries to get the children to The Ban-quet, which is a local feeding ministry, for meals two to three times a week. They also visit the local food pantry. She told us: 
I can only speak for myself, but I’m grate-ful for this program every single day. I’m working hard. If I don’t have enough to eat, I can’t work. If I’m not healthy, I’ll need even more support. 
This is an incredibly common theme among SNAP families. I think it is worth mentioning that the average meal benefit in North Da-kota—I want to repeat this—the aver-age benefit per meal in North Dakota is $1.32. You can’t even get a bowl of Senate bean soup for $1.32. Next, there is Ricky. Ricky was born in Minot, ND, where he grew up in pov-erty, and his family spent the majority of their lives on what was then known as food stamps. Ricky has since moved to Fargo, and a number of years ago, Ricky suffered an unfortunate accident in his workplace. So Ricky was work-ing. He got injured, and he woke up from a coma 3 weeks later. He was later diagnosed with epilepsy, and he no longer can drive or work. Like Ricky, his parents are also disabled, and the program has offered them a consistent safety net during their dif-ficult times. From his childhood, Ricky recalled that his family rarely had money for food. He said: If it wasn’t for food stamps, we could have starved easily. There were times when my family couldn’t even celebrate birthdays be-cause we didn’t have anything. 
Now in his late twenties and living on his own in Fargo, unfortunately the difficult times surrounding hunger are still a concern for Ricky, for reasons outside of his control. Understanding his difficult situation and all that the SNAP program has meant to him and his family, Ricky is passionate about stopping lawmakers from making un-necessary cuts to this program. For Ricky and his family, the SNAP bene-fits they have received are more than just a benefit; they are a way of life and a lifeline. For individuals who are homeless or trying to get back on the right track, SNAP can play an invaluable role in providing a bit of security. Folks who have benefited from the helping hand SNAP provides are all around us. They could be our neigh-bors. They could be our friends. They could even be a rural pastor. Many years ago—about 6 years ago— when I was traveling the State, I had an opportunity to have a discussion in a rural community. That discussion went something like this: Many people raised concerns about people taking government benefits when they didn’t need them. I sym-pathized. I don’t think that we should. I think we need to stop waste, fraud, and abuse. But we know those govern-ment programs are there for a purpose. After there was a long discussion about SNAP, or food stamps, the room cleared, and a young pastor came up to me. His wife was with him, holding their latest child, who looked to be about a 2-year-old toddler. He said: I didn’t want to say this in front of the community. I didn’t want to tell you about this in front of the community, but I want you to know that I am on SNAP. My family is on SNAP. We still can’t buy milk. We still buy powdered milk to feed our chil-dren. If I want to do my rural ministry, I am not paid enough to support and feed my family, so I am working, and I am on SNAP. I can’t afford food as a rural pastor. I think many times we don’t realize those around us who are struggling, those who contribute as teachers, as teachers’ aides, CNAs. People are work-ing hard. They may be tripped up by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.039 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4713 June 28, 2018 
some of the onerous standards and on-erous bureaucratic requirements in the farm bill that was passed by the House. I think it is critically important that we understand that there are very, very few people in America who are abusers of this program. There are very, very few people in America who would take a handout unless they abso-lutely needed it. They need a hand up. They need job training. They need sympathy for their disabilities. And they need to know that we live in a country that cares for the hungry around us. As we consider the farm bill, it is im-portant to remind ourselves about those who are not as fortunate as we are, those who struggle to put food on the table for their families or who might not be able to put food on the table because they were laid off or their hours were reduced at their min-imum wage jobs. The chairman and ranking member have worked diligently to find ways to continue to improve SNAP’s integrity and operations. I hope the Senate votes on and passes this strong bipartisan farm bill in the next few days. I hope the House decides to keep working through August, just as the Senate will do, to reach an agreement and pass a strong farm bill before it expires and jeopardizes SNAP further. The farm bill gives farmers the cer-tainty they need to get through tough times, and it is important that it also maintain a strong safety net to give certainty to our Nation’s families that they can get the support and food they need at the same time. I urge all of my colleagues to stand with the ranking member and the chairman and all of the Senate Agri-culture Committee in supporting this farm bill and supporting the nutrition title of this bill. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, most people in America are probably familiar with the advertising slogans: ‘‘Pork, the other white meat’’ and ‘‘Beef, it’s what’s for dinner,’’ but what they might not know, what they might not be as aware of is the cronyist under-belly of slogans like these. The U.S. Department of Agriculture checkoff programs behind these very slogans and others like them tend to collect compulsory fees from producers of milk, eggs, beef, and other agricul-tural products. These funds are then used to promote and do research on those particular commodities. Unfortunately, these programs have been rife with opportunities for abuse. Many of these programs have crept far beyond the scope of their statutory mandate by engaging in illegal lob-bying and anticompetitive activities. Take, for example, the case of a small California company called JUST, Inc., formerly known as Hampton Creek, which a few years ago was attacked for selling its vegan mayonnaise known as Just Mayo in stores nationwide. It turns out that a Federal entity called the American Egg Board conspired with USDA employees and top execu-tives from the egg industry to threaten and coerce retailers into not carrying the Just Mayo brand. The original intent of these programs was to research and promote certain commodities, not to disparage other ones, and they certainly were not in-tended to prevent any new products from having a fair chance in the mar-ketplace. Let me just stop, by the way, while we are talking about Just Mayo and that incident, to take note of the fact that it ought to be very concerning to us that the Federal Government be-came involved in a campaign to pres-sure someone about whether they could set up a brand of vegan mayonnaise and call it that. So what were supposed to be pro-motional boards have instead become protectionist boards. What is more, checkoff programs force farmers to pay into a system that sometimes actively works against their interests and, on top of that, the boards for these pro-grams have come under fire for a lack of transparency and for misuse of their funds. Some have gone so far as failing to submit congressionally mandated spending reports, refusing and delaying requests under FOIA, and even engag-ing in protracted legal battles to pre-vent public audits from being dis-closed. In short, these programs—the so- called checkoff programs—are in sig-nificant need of reform. This is why I have worked hard with my colleagues— Senator B
OOKER , Senator H ASSAN , Sen-ator P
AUL, and Senator W ARREN —to in-troduce amendment No. 3074. This amendment would address some of the most grievous abuses of these com-modity checkoff programs. First, the amendment would prohibit them—these checkoff programs—from contracting with any organization that lobbies on agricultural policy with an exemption for research at institutions of higher education. It would also pro-hibit employees and agents of the checkoff boards from engaging in ac-tivities that may pose a conflict of in-terest. Furthermore, the amendment would establish uniform standards for checkoff programs that prohibit anti-competitive activity and any unfair or deceptive practices. While this amendment would not abolish checkoff programs, it would implement much needed transparency measures so farmers can see what their checkoff dollars are actually being spent to do. These commonsense re-forms will not be convenient perhaps to the giants of the agricultural indus-try—at least not the ones using check-off dollars to rig the system in their favor. These commonsense reforms will help farmers—and particularly the lit-tle guys—from the small farms and the startup companies to see exactly where the fees they pay are going and ensure that their hard-earned money is not being used unfairly against them. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment to bring about much needed reform with checkoff pro-grams. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, the amendment offered by Senator LEEand Senator B
OOKER would prohibit check-offs from partnering with farm groups and others that engage with govern-ment. This prohibition would extend far beyond farm country, and it would have negative impacts on the general public. This is because checkoffs part-ner with a diverse number of entities, not just farm organizations, to conduct research and education campaigns on environmental, conservation, improved nutrition, and other critical areas that benefit our entire society. Examples of entities who have con-tracted with checkoffs and would be barred from continuing checkoff work because they engage in lobbying in-clude the American Heart Association, the American Association of Pediat-rics, and the National Women, Infants and Children Association. These orga-nizations and many others would be prohibited from partnering with check-offs if this amendment were adopted. I urge my colleagues to think care-fully about the impact this amendment would have, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Lee-Booker amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I join with the chairman in asking mem-bers to vote no on this amendment. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be agreed to en bloc: the amendment by Senator I
SAKSON , No. 3348; Senators W
YDEN and M URKOWSKI , No. 3346; Senator E
NZI, No. 3181; Sen-ators K
INGand C OLLINS , No. 3221; Sen-ators G
ILLIBRAND and T OOMEY , No. 3390; Senator H
EINRICH , No. 3287; Senator R
UBIO, No. 3364; Senator S ULLIVAN , No. 3303, Senator H
IRONO , No. 3321; Sen-ators C
ORTEZ MASTO and P ORTMAN , No. 3388; Senator D
URBIN , No. 3389; Sen-ators B
ROWN and P ORTMAN , No. 3323; Senator C
ANTWELL , No. 3365; Senator M
ORAN , No. 3171; and Senator T HUNE , No. 3371. I further ask that it be in order for the following amendment to be called up and reported by number: the amendment by Senator L
EE, No. 3074. I further ask that the cloture mo-tions with respect to H.R. 2 be with-drawn and the Senate now vote on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.040 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4714 June 28, 2018 
following amendments in the order listed: Senator L
EE, No. 3074; Senator T
HUNE , No. 3134; and Senator R OBERTS , the substitute No. 3224; further, that the Lee amendment be subject to a 60- vote affirmative threshold for adop-tion; and that following disposition of the Roberts amendment, the bill, as amended, if amended, be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage with no intervening action or debate and that passage be subject to a 60-vote affirmative threshold. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments (Nos. 3348, 3346, 3181, 3221, 3390, 3287, 3364, 3303, 3321, 3388, 3389, 3323, 3365, 3171, and 3371) were agreed to, as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3348 (Purpose: To modify the provision relating to economic adjustment assistance for up-land cotton users, to provide payments for losses relating to peach and blueberry crops, and to strike the provision relating to the use of the Commodity Credit Cor-poration) On page 26, line 16, strike ‘‘2020’’ and insert ‘‘2021’’. At the end of subtitle E of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 15ll. LOSS OF PEACH AND BLUEBERRY CROPS DUE TO EXTREME COLD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide compensation for expenses relating to losses of peach and blueberry crops that oc-curred— (1) during calendar year 2017; and (2) due to extreme cold, as determined by the Secretary. (b) F
UNDING .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $18,000,000, to remain available until expended. Strike section 1710. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3346 (Purpose: To provide that research and ex-tension grants may be made for the pur-poses of researching hop plant health) On page 1203, strike line 3 and insert the following: ricultural systems. ‘‘(16) H
OP PLANT HEALTH INITIATIVE .—Re- search and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of devel-oping and disseminating science-based tools and treatments to combat diseases of hops caused by the plant pathogens Podosphaera macularis and Pseudoperonospora humuli.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3181 (Purpose: To improve the Rural Energy for America Program) Strike section 9107 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 9107. RURAL ENERGY FOR AMERICA PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9007 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to purchase and install efficient en-ergy equipment or systems.’’; (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘(g)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(f)’’; (3) by striking subsection (f); (4) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (f); and (5) in subsection (f) (as so redesignated), in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘$20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘$50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. AMENDMENT NO . 3221 (Purpose: To provide for a report on funding for the National Institute of Food and Ag-riculture and other extension programs) At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lllll. REPORT ON FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE AND OTHER EXTEN-SION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the census of agri-culture required to be conducted in calendar year 2017 under section 2 of the Census of Ag-riculture Act of 1997 (7 U.S.C. 2204g) is re-leased, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report that describes the funding nec-essary to adequately address the needs of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, activities carried out under the Smith-Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), and research and extension programs carried out at an 1890 In-stitution (as defined in section 2 of the Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601)) or an insti-tution designated under the Act of July 2, 1862 (commonly known as the ‘‘First Morrill Act’’) (12 Stat. 503, chapter 130; 7 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), to provide adequate services for the growth and development of the economies of rural communities based on the changing de-mographic in the rural and farming commu-nities in the various States. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall focus on the funding needs of the programs described in subsection (a) with respect to carrying out activities relating to small and diverse farms and ranches, veteran farmers and ranchers, value-added agriculture, di-rect-to-consumer sales, and specialty crops. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3390 (Purpose: To prohibit the slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption) At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. PROHIBITION ON SLAUGHTER OF DOGS AND CATS FOR HUMAN CON-SUMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), no person may— (1) knowingly slaughter a dog or cat for human consumption; or (2) knowingly ship, transport, move, de-liver, receive, possess, purchase, sell, or do-nate— (A) a dog or cat to be slaughtered for human consumption; or (B) a dog or cat part for human consump-tion. (b) S
COPE.—Subsection (a) shall apply only with respect to conduct— (1) in interstate commerce or foreign com-merce; or (2) within the special maritime and terri-torial jurisdiction of the United States. (c) E
XCEPTION FOR INDIAN TRIBES .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to an Indian (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) carrying out any activity described in subsection (a) for the purpose of a religious ceremony. (d) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates subsection (a) shall be subject to a fine in an amount not greater than $5,000 for each vio-lation. (e) E
FFECT ON STATE LAW.—Nothing in this section— (1) limits any State or local law or regula-tion protecting the welfare of animals; or (2) prevents a State or unit of local govern-ment from adopting and enforcing an animal welfare law or regulation that is more strin-gent than this section. AMENDMENT NO . 3287 (Purpose: To modify the study of marketplace fraud of traditional foods) Strike section 12518 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 12518. STUDY OF MARKETPLACE FRAUD OF TRADITIONAL FOODS AND TRIBAL SEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on— (1) the market impact of traditional foods, Tribally produced products, and products that use traditional foods; (2) fraudulent foods that mimic traditional foods or Tribal seeds that are available in the commercial marketplace as of the date of enactment of this Act; (3) the means by which authentic tradi-tional foods and Tribally produced foods might be protected against the impact of fraudulent foods in the marketplace; and (4) the availability and long-term viability of Tribal seeds, including an analysis of the storage, cultivation, harvesting, and com-mercialization of Tribal seeds. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The study conducted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a consideration of the circumstances under which fraudulent foods in the market-place occur; and (2) an analysis of Federal laws, including intellectual property laws and trademark laws, that might offer protections for Tribal seeds and traditional foods and against fraudulent foods. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of completion of the study, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report describing the results of the study under this section to— (1) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; (2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (5) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. (d) P
RIVACY OF INFORMATION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Comptroller General of the United States shall protect sensitive Tribal information gained through the study conducted under subsection (a), including information about Indian sacred places. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3364 (Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds to carry out programs in Cuba in contraven-tion of the National Security Presidential Memorandum prohibiting transactions with entities owned, controlled, or oper-ated by or on behalf of military intel-ligence or security services of Cuba) On page 257, line 2, insert after the period the following: ‘‘Funds may not be used as de-scribed in the previous sentence in con-travention with directives set forth under the National Security Presidential Memo-randum entitled ‘Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba’ issued by the President on June 16, 2017, during the pe-riod in which that memorandum is in effect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.043 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4715 June 28, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 3303 (Purpose: To ensure that the Secretary of Agriculture enforces certain Buy American requirements with respect to fish har-vested within United States waters) On page 1203, strike lines 20 through 22 and insert the following: (1) fully enforce the Buy American provi-sions applicable to domestic food assistance programs administered by the Food and Nu-trition Service, including, for use in those domestic food assistance programs, the pur-chase of a fish or fish product that substan-tially contains— (A) fish (including tuna) harvested with-in— (i) a State; (ii) the District of Columbia; or (iii) the Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States, as described in Presidential Proclamation 5030 (48 Fed. Reg. 10605; March 10, 1983); or (B) tuna harvested by a United States flagged vessel; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 3321 (Purpose: To provide additional assistance under the noninsured crop assistance pro-gram for certain producers) At the end of subtitle F of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1602. ADDITIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR CER-TAIN PRODUCERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF QUALIFYING NATURAL  D
ISASTER DECLARATION .—In this section, the term ‘‘qualifying natural disaster declara-tion’’ means— (1) a natural disaster declared by the Sec-retary under section 321(a) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1961(a)); or (2) a major disaster or emergency des-ignated by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF ADDITIONAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—As soon as practicable after October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall make available assistance under section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333) to producers of an eligible crop (as defined in subsection (a)(2) of that section) that suffered losses in a county cov-ered by a qualifying natural disaster declara-tion for production losses due to volcanic ac-tivity. (c) A
MOUNT .—The Secretary shall make as-sistance available under subsection (b) in an amount equal to the amount of assistance determined under section 196(d) of the Fed-eral Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333(d)), less any fees that are owed by producers under section 196(k) of that Act (7 U.S.C. 7333(k)). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3388 (Purpose: To establish the Council on Rural Community Innovation and Economic Development.) 
(The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of June 27, 2018, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 3389 (Purpose: To reauthorize the rural emer-gency medical services training and equip-ment assistance program under section 330J of the Public Health Service Act) At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REAUTHORIZATION OF RURAL EMER-GENCY MEDICAL SERVICES TRAIN-ING AND EQUIPMENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting and Improving Rural EMS Needs Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SIREN Act of 2018’’. (b) AMENDMENTS .—Section 330J of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–15) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in rural areas’’ and inserting ‘‘in rural areas or to residents of rural areas’’; (2) by striking subsections (b) through (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY ; APPLICATION .—To be eli-gible to receive grant under this section, an entity shall— ‘‘(1) be— ‘‘(A) an emergency medical services agency operated by a local or tribal government (in-cluding fire-based and non-fire based); or ‘‘(B) an emergency medical services agency that is described in section 501(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; and ‘‘(2) submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An entity— ‘‘(1) shall use amounts received through a grant under subsection (a) to— ‘‘(A) train emergency medical services per-sonnel as appropriate to obtain and maintain licenses and certifications relevant to serv-ice in an emergency medical services agency described in subsection (b)(1); ‘‘(B) conduct courses that qualify grad-uates to serve in an emergency medical serv-ices agency described in subsection (b)(1) in accordance with State and local require-ments; ‘‘(C) fund specific training to meet Federal or State licensing or certification require-ments; and ‘‘(D) acquire emergency medical services equipment; and ‘‘(2) may use amounts received through a grant under subsection (a) to— ‘‘(A) recruit and retain emergency medical services personnel, which may include volun-teer personnel; ‘‘(B) develop new ways to educate emer-gency health care providers through the use of technology-enhanced educational meth-ods; or ‘‘(C) acquire personal protective equipment for emergency medical services personnel as required by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. ‘‘(d) G
RANT AMOUNTS .—Each grant awarded under this section shall be in an amount not to exceed $200,000. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘emergency medical serv-ices’— ‘‘(A) means resources used by a public or private nonprofit licensed entity to deliver medical care outside of a medical facility under emergency conditions that occur as a result of the condition of the patient; and ‘‘(B) includes services delivered (either on a compensated or volunteer basis) by an emergency medical services provider or other provider that is licensed or certified by the State involved as an emergency medical technician, a paramedic, or an equivalent professional (as determined by the State). ‘‘(2) The term ‘rural area’ means— ‘‘(A) a nonmetropolitan statistical area; ‘‘(B) an area designated as a rural area by any law or regulation of a State; or ‘‘(C) a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent rural urban commuting area code as set forth by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget). ‘‘(f) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-retary may not award a grant under this sec-tion to an entity unless the entity agrees that the entity will make available (directly or through contributions from other public or private entities) non-Federal contribu-tions toward the activities to be carried out under the grant in an amount equal to 25 percent of the amount received under the grant.’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘2002 through 2006’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. AMENDMENT NO . 3323 (Purpose: To add a provision relating to ex-tension and agricultural research at 1890 land-grant colleges) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. EXTENSION AND AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH AT 1890 LAND-GRANT COLLEGES, INCLUDING TUSKEGEE UNIVERSITY. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1444 of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 , 2020, 2021, OR 2022 .—In addition to other amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated for 1 of fis-cal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022 such sums as are necessary to ensure that an eligible in-stitution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for that fiscal year re-ceives not less than the amount of funds re-ceived by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the undesignated matter following paragraph (2)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2) of this sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘this paragraph’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘In computing’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) In computing’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Of the remainder’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in paragraph (4), of the remainder’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(2) any funds’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNT .—Any funds’’; (C) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘are allocated’’ and insert-ing ‘‘were allocated’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘, as so designated as of that date.’’; (D) by striking ‘‘(b) Beginning’’ in the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1) and all that fol-lows through ‘‘any funds’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Funds made available under this section shall be distributed among eligible institutions in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Any funds’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL AMOUNT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 , 
2020, 2021, OR 2022 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), for 1 of fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, if the calculation under paragraph (3)(B) would result in a distribution of less than $3,000,000 to an eligible institution that first received funds under this section after the date of enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 649) for a fiscal year, that institution shall receive a distribution of $3,000,000 for that fiscal year. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply only if amounts are appropriated under subsection (a)(5) to ensure that an eli-gible institution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, as applicable, receives not less than the amount of funds received by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’. (b) R
ESEARCH .—Section 1445 of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.019 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4716 June 28, 2018 
Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3222) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 , 2020, 2021, OR 2022 .—In addition to other amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated for 1 of fis-cal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022 such sums as are necessary to ensure that an eligible in-stitution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for that fiscal year re-ceives not less than the amount of funds re-ceived by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL AMOUNT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 , 
2020, 2021, OR 2022 .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for 1 of fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, if the calculation under subparagraph (C) would re-sult in a distribution of less than $3,000,000 to an eligible institution that first received funds under this section after the date of en-actment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 649), that institution shall receive a distribution of $3,000,000 for that fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Clause (i) shall apply only if amounts are appropriated under sub-section (a)(6) to ensure that an eligible insti-tution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, as applicable, receives not less than the amount of funds received by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(B) Of funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNT .—Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (D), of funds’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘are allocated’’ and insert-ing ‘‘were allocated’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘, as so designated as of that date’’ before the period at the end; and (III) by striking ‘‘(A) Funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Funds’’; and (iv) in the matter preceding subparagraph (B) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘(2) The’’ and all that follows through ‘‘follows:’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After allocating amounts under paragraph (2), the remainder shall be allotted among the eligible institu-tions in accordance with this paragraph.’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) Three per centum’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—3 percent’’; and (C) in the matter preceding paragraph (2) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘(b) Begin-ning’’ and all that follows through ‘‘follows:’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Funds made available under this section shall be distributed among eligible institutions in accordance with this subsection.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3365 (Purpose: To avert the waiving of liability for a utility whose line clearing work ig-nites a wildfire) In section 8632(f), strike paragraph (2) and insert the following: (2) P
ROJECT WORK .—If the Secretary ap-proves a supplement to an approved plan under subsection (c) of section 512 of the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1772) or an agreement entered into under subsection (d)(1) of that section that covers a vegetation management project under the pilot program, the liability provisions of subsection (g) of that section shall apply to the vegetation management project. AMENDMENT NO . 3171 (Purpose: To include a provision on require-ments for the calculation of a separate ac-tual crop revenue and agriculture risk cov-erage guarantee for irrigated and nonirri-gated covered commodities) In section 1104(5), redesignate subpara-graphs (A) through (C) as subparagraphs (B) through (D), respectively. In section 1104(5), insert before subpara-graph (B) (as so redesignated) the following: (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘in ac-cordance with subsection (h),’’ before ‘‘to the maximum extent practicable’’; In section 1104(6), strike ‘‘(h) P
UBLICA -
TIONS .—’’ and insert the following: ‘‘(h) C
ALCULATION OF SEPARATE ACTUAL  C
ROPREVENUE AND AGRICULTURE RISKCOV-
ERAGE GUARANTEE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On request of a county Farm Service Agency committee, in coordi-nation with a Farm Service Agency State committee, the Secretary shall consider a 1- time request to calculate a separate actual crop revenue and agriculture risk coverage guarantee for irrigated and nonirrigated cov-ered commodities under subsection (g)(2) in a county if, during the 2014 through 2018 crop years— ‘‘(A) an average of not less than 5 percent of the planted and considered planted acre-age of a covered commodity in the county was irrigated; and ‘‘(B) an average of not less than 5 percent of the planted and considered planted acre-age of the covered commodity in the county was nonirrigated. ‘‘(2) S
OURCE OF INFORMATION .—In consid-ering a request described in paragraph (1) and calculating a separate actual crop rev-enue and agriculture risk coverage guar-antee for irrigated and nonirrigated covered commodities in a county, the Secretary may use other sources of yield information, in-cluding the yield history of representative farms in the State, region, or crop reporting district, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(i) P
UBLICATIONS .— 
AMENDMENT NO . 3371 (Purpose: To provide that producers may change their election to participate in ag-riculture risk coverage or price loss cov-erage in the 2021 crop year) At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 11ll. OPTION TO CHANGE PRODUCER ELECTION. 
Section 1115 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9015) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) O
PTION TO CHANGE PRODUCER ELEC-
TION.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), for the 2021 crop year, all of the producers on a farm may make a 1-time, irrevocable elec-tion to change the election applicable to the producers on the farm under that subsection or subsection (c), as applicable, to price loss coverage or agriculture risk coverage, as ap-plicable, which shall apply to the producers on the farm for each of the 2021, 2022, and 2023 crop years.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3074 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3224 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. R OBERTS ], for Mr. L
EE, proposes an amendment num-bered 3074 to amendment No. 3224. 
(The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of June 25, 2018, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the Lee amendment. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. ALEXANDER ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 38, nays 57, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 142 Leg.] YEAS—38 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Capito Cardin Cortez Masto Cruz Durbin Flake Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Heinrich Heller Hirono Johnson Kennedy Lee McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Paul Reed Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Sullivan Tester Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse 
NAYS—57 
Baldwin Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Graham Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Thune Tillis Warner Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—5 
Alexander Duckworth Leahy Markey McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). Under the previous order re-quiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is re-jected. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 3134 
The question now occurs on agreeing to the Thune amendment No. 3134. The amendment (No. 3134) was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 3224 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to the Roberts amendment No. 3224, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.021 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4717 June 28, 2018 
The amendment (No. 3224) in the na-ture of a substitute, as amended, was agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) is necessarily absent. The result was announced—yeas 86, nays 11, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 143 Leg.] YEAS—86 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Isakson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—11 
Burr Corker Cotton Flake Heller Inhofe Johnson Lankford Lee Paul Toomey 
NOT VOTING—3 
Alexander Leahy McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order requiring 60 votes for passage of the bill, the bill, as amended, is passed. The Senator from Kansas. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, which, I assure Members, I will not do. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Kansas. f 
FARM BILL Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, with 171 amendments and a vote of 86 to 11, obviously, getting this farm bill done has been a tremendous team effort. You are only as good as your staff on both sides of the aisle, and they make us look good when we stand up here a little confused trying to get things a little sorted out. I wish to thank my staff: James Glueck, DaNita Murray, Janae Brady, Fred Clark, Meghan Cline, Haley Donahue, Matt Erickson, Darin Guries, Chance Hunley, Chu Hwang, Chelsie Keys, Sarah Little, Curt Mann, Andy Rezendes, Bob Rosado, Anthony Seiler, Wayne Stoskopf—who, by the way, knows more about farm programs than anybody else on the staff, myself in-cluded—Andrew Vlasaty, and Kath-erine Thomas. I also want to mention Jackie Cottrell, Amber Kirchhoefer, Will Staf-ford, Morgan Anderson, and Stacy Dan-iels in my personal office. I want to especially thank the rank-ing member—vice chairman, really— Senator S
TABENOW , and her team, led by the indomitable Joe Shultz and Jacqlyn Schneider. The efforts of Jes-sie Williams, Amanda Kelly, Bobby Mehta, Katie Salay, and Micah Wortham have been valuable to the Ag Committee process. Additionally, I thank the technical support from the Secretary of Agri-culture, Sonny Perdue, and the staff at the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Thank you so much for your help. I also appreciate the work of the Con-gressional Budget Office staff, includ-ing: Tiffany Arthur, Megan Carroll, Kathleen FitzGerald, Jennifer Gray, Jim Langley, and Robert Reese. I now yield to my distinguished rank-ing member, Senator S
TABENOW . I say to the Senator, thank you for being such a great partner. Ms. STABENOW. I thank the Sen-ator. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I thank my partner and friend. This has been a tremendous team effort, and it is a great pleasure to work with the chairman. Today the Senate has proven that bi-partisanship is the way we can get things done, and we all know that is the case. It is not always the easiest path to take. However, when we put our differences aside and focus on the needs of the communities and people we serve, that is how we deliver a good bill. In this case, it is a bill that serves our farmers, our families, and rural America. Over 500 food, agriculture, and conservation leaders agree that this bill will provide certainty to com-munities and to our farmers across the country. From the start, we have had a col-laborative process. We have built this bill on feedback. We heard from farm-ers and local leaders at field hearings and in our committee room. We added ideas proposed by Members on both sides of the aisle, both on and off the committee. From our committee markup to today, we have incorporated a total of 171 either bipartisan bills in-troduced by Members or bipartisan amendments—171. We were able to get a bill done be-cause we never lost sight of the impor-tance of our agricultural economy and the 16 million jobs it supports. I am proud that we voted in a bipartisan way to move this bill forward. That is the good news for rural America and the men and women who work hard every day to give us the safest, most affordable food supply in the world. Let me now give some thank-yous. As the chairman indicated, there are many. I appreciate very much the work of our Democratic leader and his staff for their leadership and support through the process. I thank the majority lead-er, who knows how important agri-culture is to Kentucky. I think we have some things in this bill that are going to make for an even stronger agricul-tural economy in Kentucky, as well as around the country. I appreciate that he moved this bill quickly on the Sen-ate floor. Of course, I have to thank my friend and partner Senator ROBERTS , who is chairman of the committee. He has stayed true to our commitment to de-liver a bipartisan bill and has worked extremely hard to get us here today. I say: Congratulations, Mr. Chairman, and to all of our Senate colleagues who supported this important bill. I thank my incredible staff, as well as Senator R
OBERTS ’ incredible staff, for working together very hard, very consistently, putting together a bipar-tisan bill—really, a historic farm bill— and ultimately working as a team to get us over the goal line. Of course, Joe Shultz and Jacqlyn Schneider, my staff director and dep-uty staff director and policy director for the committee—true leaders from start to finish. They have both been with me on the committee staff since the very beginning, in 2011, when I chaired the committee. Joe has led our amazing team and has been living and breathing the farm bill for the past year. You can sleep to-night, Joe. Jacqlyn has done so as well. Jacqlyn is the heart and soul of our Ag Com-mittee, whose tremendous work over the past two farm bills has made sure that we were protecting our families and supporting our specialty crop pro-ducers. She led our efforts to develop groundbreaking new initiatives on food access, like Double Up Food Bucks. Mary Beth Schultz, our chief counsel, had no idea what she was getting her-self into when she came to the Ag Com-mittee this last year. In no time, she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.046 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4718 June 28, 2018 
became a farm bill expert who kept track of every page and every amend-ment to make sure this process was successful. Mike Schmidt and Kyle Varner, our amazing commodities and livestock team, understand the ins and outs of farm policy like nobody else. They have done so much to improve our dairy programs, expand risk manage-ment tools to specialty crops, and sup-port new and beginning farmers. Ashley McKeon led our work on the conservation title to expand our part-nership programs. She brings her warmth, personality, and expertise to the job every day. Sean Babington, our forestry and en-vironmental expert, has impeccable judgment and negotiating skills that we rely on daily, and he helped get us to this point of there being a final farm bill as well. Thanks to both Ashley and Sean, our country will have healthy forests, more wildlife habitat, and clean waters for generations to come. Katie Naessens’ hard work led to the major advances in this bill for urban agriculture, organics, beginning farm-ers, and veterans who want to go into agriculture. I am so proud of the Farm-er Veterans Programs in Michigan. Kevin Bailey led our efforts on ex-panding high-speed internet for rural communities and on the rural develop-ment and energy titles so we can con-tinue to grow the bio-based economy in rural America. Katie Bergh led our work on inter-national trade and fought to preserve markets for Michigan producers from cherries to dairy, and she helped im-prove our food aid policies in the United States and abroad. Rosalyn Brummette is the glue that keeps our team together. She kept the trains running on time and made sure we were all prepared to do what needed to be done. I thank her so much. We also had fantastic help from farm bill veteran Susan Keith, who provided invaluable wisdom and counsel to our commodity and livestock team. Ward Griffin, our CFTC detail to the committee, is not only an expert on fi-nancial issues, but he has become a full-fledged member of the team, jump-ing in to help wherever needed. We are grateful. Jason Sherman, a lawyer and fellow from the Department of Energy, has a keen eye and legal mind. Both were in-valuable on environmental and con-servation issues. Now to my personal Senate staff, who were a very important part of the team as well: I thank Matt VanKuiken, my chief of staff, who leads my per-sonal office team, and my legislative director, Emily Carwell, who followed the floor procedure, was involved in ne-gotiations, and made sure everything was happening the way it should have been. I thank them and all of our team in the personal office for being a part of this effort. Of course, I thank Krystal Lattany, who always makes sure that I am get-ting where I need to be, so I am in the right place for negotiations. I thank Anne Stanski, my deputy chief of staff, Matt Williams, my com-munications director, and Jess McCarron, our ag press secretary, who made sure we were telling the story of the farmers and families who are af-fected by the farm bill. We couldn’t have done it without the help of the rest of our communications team: Miranda Margowsky, Nirmeen Fahmy, and Amy Phillips Bursch. I also thank my State team, which is led by Teresa Plachetka, and Kali Fox, who leads our agriculture work in Michigan. I also thank Senator R
OBERTS ’ team. It was truly wonderful working with James Glueck and DaNita Murray, who are true pros. I thank them for their hard work, creativity, and tenacity in helping to get us to this point. Our team spent many long hours together, and I am grateful that even our staffs worked together in a wonderful, bipar-tisan way just as the chairman and I did. Of course, I thank Jessie Williams, Amanda Kelly, Bobby Mehta, and ev-eryone who works behind the scenes on the Ag Committee. Nothing would get done around here without the excellent floor staff, led by Gary Myrick and his team, including Tricia Engle and Ryan McConaghy. The insights of Sean Byrne, with Senator S
CHUMER ’s staff, and Reema Dodin, with Senator D
URBIN , have been incredibly helpful. I should really thank the folks at the CBO, who had late nights at the Senate Office of the Legislative Counsel. They worked on weekends and had late nights to make sure we had what we needed to get the bill done. Finally, of course, I thank all of the members of the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee and their staffs. We have so much talent and ex-perience. It is a real privilege to serve as its ranking member. This farm bill is the product of a year and a half of hard work by a long list of very talented people. I cannot thank every single one of them individually, but we wouldn’t be here today without their help. We passed a farm bill today that sup-ports the 16 million jobs in America that depend on agriculture. We passed a bill that helps our farmers stay resil-ient, that protects our land and water, that helps families keep food on their tables, that invests in our small towns all across America, that recognizes the diversity of American agriculture, and that strengthens local food economies. We should all be very proud of the work we have done today, and I thank my colleagues for joining us in such a strong ‘‘yes’’ vote in passing this bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I am very glad my Senate colleagues joined me in supporting the Senate farm bill, in fact, with a very strong vote of 86 to 11. This farm bill is good news for Mon-tana farmers and for Montana ranch-ers, and it is going to help to provide certainty for Montana agriculture in these most difficult times because agri-culture is Montana’s No. 1 industry, and it supports tens of thousands of jobs in our State. Yet, with more than 25,000 family farms and ranches in Montana alone, it is clear that ag is more than just an economic driver in our State; it is very much a way of life. That is why, as Montana’s Represent-ative on the U.S. Senate Ag Com-mittee, I fought to ensure that this farm bill reflects the priorities that Montana farmers and Montana ranch-ers have shared directly with me. Some of these priorities are the crop insur-ance and the sugar program; ag re-search funding at Montana State Uni-versity, as well as ag research stations all across Montana; and prioritizing rural broadband for Montana’s under-served communities, as well as sup-porting and maintaining conservation programs that are important to our farmers, to our ranchers, and to our sportsmen. This farm bill is also critically im-portant to the health of our national forests. Last year in Montana, cata-strophic wildfires harmed numerous communities, and it cost our State millions of dollars. I am glad to have secured important forest reforms that are critical to healthy forests, to Mon-tana timber jobs, and to wildlife habi-tat, such as encouraging the coordina-tion among the Forest Service and State forestry agencies to restore our forests to reduce the risk of wildfire and allowing the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management to enter into agreements with counties, as well as with States and Tribes, to implement forest management projects on national forests and public lands. Additionally, there is a provision that will support more innovation, as well as to develop new markets for Mon-tana’s timber industry. These are important wins, but I want to make something very clear that there is still so much more we can do to help improve the health of our for-ests and support Montana’s farmers and ranchers. In fact, in Montana, as well as across the West, we are seeing extensive collaboration. Groups are collaborating—conservation groups, wildlife groups, wood products stake-holders, along with our counties—and they are working together to deter-mine responsible forest management practices. These partners know very well that active management is critical to re-storing a healthy forest and that it helps to reduce wildfire risks. It is im-portant that we don’t allow extremists to hinder this most important work be-cause, today, it takes 18 to 24 months to do many of these environmental re-views. After that is done, many projects in Montana are litigated, and this can add years of delay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.051 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4719 June 28, 2018 
In fact, listen to this: There are 29 timber sales in Montana that are cur-rently impacted by fringe litigation. Just today, we were informed that an-other timber project in Montana has been delayed by a restraining order be-cause of litigation. That makes 30. This project was scheduled to start this coming Monday, July 2, and now those folks will be out of work. Reducing red-tape and combating chronic litigation doesn’t erode public trust. In fact, it safeguards it. It does so by ensuring that the public feedback of the major-ity isn’t obstructed by a few extreme dissenters. This disastrous Ninth Circuit Cotton-wood ruling must also be addressed be-cause it imposed unnecessary paper-work that even the Obama administra-tion has said had the ‘‘potential to cripple’’ Federal land management without conservation benefit. My amendments would address this excessive redtape while continuing to ensure that robust, science-driven envi-ronmental review and public engage-ment would remain. Many similar pro-visions are found in the House bill as well. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the inclusion of these amendments as we work together now, with the House, in a conference of the final farm bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. 
f 
KILAUEA VOLCANO Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I want to share an update about what is hap-pening with the Kilauea volcano in my home State of Hawaii. The first thing people need to know is that the State of Hawaii remains safe to visit and that the Island of Ha-waii, where the volcano is erupting, is also safe to visit. Let’s start with a basic geography lesson. Hawaii has eight main islands, and the volcano is on the Island of Ha-waii, which people often call the Big Is-land. It is about 4,000 square miles. This is Hawaii Island. It is about the size of Connecticut. Only 9 square miles are directly impacted by the vol-cano. So it is actually just this little area in this corner of the island. If you are in the town of Hilo, which is 25 miles away from the volcano, you can’t even tell there is a volcano erupting for the most part. Cruise lines are coming back, and of-ficials are trying to set up areas where people can safely view this spectacular volcano. It is that safe. People need to know that it is business as usual for lots of people on the Big Island and that both the State and the island are open for visitors. We just got the data in for the month of May, and we had again increased tourism statewide. Ev-eryone should come to visit. With that being said, this is an ex-traordinarily difficult situation for the communities that are being affected, and even though people are used to liv-ing with volcanos, this is extraor-dinarily tough. Right here, we have fis-sure 8. This is about a 300-foot lava fountain that has not ceased for sev-eral weeks. As recently as 2015, lava ap-proached the town of Pahoa in the Puna district, but we really haven’t seen anything like this since the 1974 flow. For the past few months, we have had 300-foot lava fountains. We have had ash explosions that have reached tens of thousands of feet. We have also had more than 30 billion gallons of lava that have destroyed 600 homes. An esti-mated 2,500 people have been displaced, one way or another, by the volcanic eruption. In certain areas, there is no power, no water, and no cell phone re-ception. So even if your home has not been destroyed, your access now may be limited or nonexistent. Here is the really good news: There has been no loss of human life due to the volcano. Despite all that has hap-pened, the people of Puna and the peo-ple of Hawaii Island remain extraor-dinarily resilient. The bad news is that no one is sure when the volcanic activ-ity will end. Even the experts at the United States Geological Survey don’t know. We have several difficult chal-lenges in moving forward—from air quality to the need for economic relief and, especially, for housing and trans-portation. Hundreds of people are cur-rently living in shelters. Hundreds of animals from homes and ranches are, in a sense, volcano refugees. So we have to secure temporary housing for people who lost their homes or who have been evacuated and then get these people permanent housing and deal with private property damage. We have to make decisions about where to re-build and start the process of fixing roads, power lines, and other infra-structure in the Puna district. The Big Island’s mayor, Harry Kim, and the entire county emergency oper-ations center team, including first re-sponders, have been working from day one and day and night to keep people safe and deal with these challenges. Several weeks ago, I visited the emer-gency operations center and saw first-hand that it is really all hands on deck. Something that distinguishes our EOCs from other EOCs and impresses our Federal counterparts is the extent to which we all work together regardless of jurisdiction. You can scarcely tell who works for State, Federal, or coun-ty government. You can scarcely tell who is a business leader or a not-for- profit leader or a university professor or a mayor. Everybody is really work-ing together. There is a long list of people who de-serve our thanks. Local media have gone above and beyond to keep people informed by assigning crews to stay in place for weeks at a time. By the way, that is somewhat unusual for a dis-aster, especially one that has been going on as long as this one. Nonprofits, such as the Red Cross, the World Central Kitchen, and the Salvation Army, are operating shelters and serving meals. Companies are pitching in by waiving freight charges for relief supplies or working to keep cell towers powered. I can name every single elected offi-cial on Hawaii Island, and each one of them is personally doing significant work in the recovery. Because this is an island State and because it is a small community, this isn’t just a mat-ter of their trying to secure resources from State, Federal, or county govern-ment, and this isn’t just a matter of lawmaking; they are on the ground, they are listening, and they are helping with their hands. This is part of the general sense that people have of wanting to help during this extraordinary time. Several weeks ago, a resident of Puna named Ikaika Marzo took it upon himself to set up Pu’uhonua o Puna, which means ‘‘a place of refuge’’ in Puna. People can donate things or pick up what they need, whether it is information, sup-plies, or a hot meal. We have seen peo-ple drive 100 miles to show up and help. Ranchers are helping out other ranch-ers—normally they are competitors— by housing displaced cattle. On other islands, people are filling shipping con-tainers with donations. Across the State, we are helping each other out so that people are being fed, finding shel-ter, and getting the things they need. Lots of good things are happening, but it is still a very tough situation, an ongoing situation, which is why we have been grateful for the Federal re-sponse. Two weeks ago, the White House approved the State of Hawaii’s request for individual assistance from FEMA for residents whose homes have been lost or damaged. FEMA has also partnered with the State to open a dis-aster relief center. From the start, it was clear that they sent their A team. I want to thank FEMA and the White House for their quick action, which is welcome news during this challenging time for the Big Island of Hawaii. FEMA and the EPA are also working with the State and county partners to monitor air quality, which the EPA is now publishing online so that the pub-lic can make informed decisions. This may sound like a small thing, but this is everything when it comes to deter-mining whether Norwegian Cruise Line can come to Hilo, and all that eco-nomic opportunity will either be lost or not, or whether schools in the Ka’u and Puna districts can open. What EPA is doing in partnership with the State and county government is really ex-traordinary. The Hawaii National Guard was able to command Department of Defense re-sources under a dual command agree-ment. General Logan, General Hara, and the National Guard have all been crucial. They are literally doing every-thing from collecting gas samples to providing security on the ground to providing temporary shelters. We are grateful for all the help, but we also know it is a long road to recov-ery because we don’t know how long 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.052 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4720 June 28, 2018 
this is going to go on. In a normal dis-aster, you have sort of three phases: disaster preparation and planning, dis-aster response, and then disaster recov-ery. Because this is an ongoing situa-tion and because we don’t know when this is going to end, we have our coun-ty, State, and Federal folks, as well as the rest of the community, in disaster prep, disaster response, and disaster re-covery—all simultaneously underway. This is an extraordinary situation. There are lots of terrible natural disas-ters all across the country every year, but this is unique in that particular way. This is also unique in the sense that most of the time—not all of the time but almost every time—people can go back to their properties. Although they still, under the law, will own their properties, when Kapoho Bay was flat-tened, when Vacationland was flat-tened, when we went from 87 homes, roughly, gone to about 600 homes gone in a very short period of time, it is dif-ficult to imagine that these people are going to be able to remake their lives in the path of this current flow. We have to do all three things at the same time. So we are going to continue to work and to look for Federal part-ners for help and for flexibility. I will state that our Federal partners have recognized the unique nature of this disaster, and we really appreciate it. I have talked to Majority Leader M
CCON-
NELL , Minority Leader S CHUMER , Vice Chairman L
EAHY , Chairman S HELBY , and key appropriators about how unique this disaster is, and I look for-ward to working with the leadership in the Appropriations Committee so the communities affected by the volcano can get the help they need. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 836. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Deb Fischer, Mike Rounds, John Barrasso, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Shelley Moore Capito, Steve Daines, John Boozman, Orrin G. Hatch, Thom Tillis, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Richard Burr, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 639. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Attorney General. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Mitch McConnell, Steve Daines, Chuck Grassley, Tom Cotton, John Kennedy, Marco Rubio, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, Orrin G. Hatch, John Barrasso, John Boozman, David Perdue, James Lankford, John Cornyn, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, John Hoeven. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 686. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Ten-nessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Defense. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of De-fense. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, Tom Cot-ton, Johnny Isakson, John Kennedy, John Thune, John Boozman, Tim Scott, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, John Bar-rasso, Jerry Moran. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 923, 925, 927, 928, 929, 930, 932, and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Foreign Serv-ice. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The assistant bill clerk read the nominations of Robin S. Bernstein, of Florida, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Do-minican Republic; Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of Trinidad and Tobago; Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary; Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.053 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4721 June 28, 2018 
America to the Republic of Korea; Ron-ald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Kingdom of Belgium; Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Zimbabwe; Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Afri-can Affairs); and PN1952 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (80) beginning George Eugene Adair, and ending Brian J. McKenna, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD of May 10, 2018. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Bernstein, Mondello, Sondland, Harris, Gidwitz, Nichols, and Nagy nominations and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Foreign Service en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 902. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Sweeney nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. MARRAKESH TREATY TO FACILI-TATE ACCESS TO PUBLISHED WORKS FOR PERSONS WHO ARE BLIND, VISUALLY IMPAIRED, OR OTHERWISE PRINT DISABLED Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following treaty on today’s Executive Calendar: No. 6; I further ask unani-mous consent that the treaty be con-sidered as having passed through its various parliamentary stages up to and including the presentation of the reso-lution of ratification; that any com-mittee conditions, declarations, or res-ervations be agreed to as applicable; that any statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; further, that when the resolu-tion of ratification is voted upon, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and the President be notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The treaty will be stated. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Treaty document No. 114–6, Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works for Persons Who are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for a division vote on the resolu-tion of ratification. The PRESIDING OFFICER. A divi-sion vote has been requested. Senators in favor of the resolution of ratification will rise and stand until counted. Those opposed will rise and stand until counted. On a division vote, two-thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative, the resolution of ratifica-tion is agreed to. The resolution of ratification is as follows: 
Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), 
SECTION 1. SENATE ADVICE AND CONSENT SUB-JECT TO A DECLARATION. 
The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Marrakesh Treaty to Fa-cilitate Access to Published Works for Per-sons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, Done at Marra-kesh on June 27, 2013 (Treaty Doc. 114–6), subject to the declaration of section 2. 
SEC. 2. DECLARATION. 
The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is not self-executing. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar Nos. 951 through 973 and 975 through 993 and all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the RECORD ; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Paul A. Friedrichs 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Michael T. Moran 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. Mark H. Berry 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Navy Reserve to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Mark J. Mouriski The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Navy Reserve to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Eileen H. Laubacher The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Navy Reserve to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Ann H. Duff The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (1h) John W. Korka The following named officers for appoint-ment in the Navy Reserve to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Nancy S. Lacore Capt. Theodore P. Leclair Capt. Eric C. Ruttenberg The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Mary C. Riggs The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Alan D. Beal Rear Adm. (lh) Brian S. Hurley Rear Adm. (lh) Andrew C. Lennon The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Navy Reserve to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Robert T. Clark 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.060 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4722 June 28, 2018 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps Re-serve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Michael F. Fahey, III Brig. Gen. Helen G. Pratt 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Scott A. Howell 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Austin S. Miller 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Eric M. Smith 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Richard M. Clark 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Darryl A. Williams 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Staff Judge Advocate to the Com-mandant of the Marine Corps and for ap-pointment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated under title 10 U.S.C., section 5046: To be major general Col. Daniel J. Lecce 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Charles Q. Brown, Jr. 
IN THE ARMY  The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Narciso Cruz Col. Mark K. Miera The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be major general Brig. Gen. Joseph F. Jarrard Brig. Gen. Tracy R. Norris The following named Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be major general Brig. Gen. Laurel J. Hummel The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be major general Brig. Gen. Tommy H. Baker Brig. Gen. Gregory S. Bowen Brig. Gen. Scott A. Campbell Brig. Gen. James D. Craig Brig. Gen. Gordon L. Ellis Brig. Gen. John M. Epperly Brig. Gen. Timothy E. Gowen Brig. Gen. Paul F. Griffin Brig. Gen. Kenneth S. Hara Brig. Gen. Christopher F. Lawson Brig. Gen. James E. Porter, Jr. Brig. Gen. Rafael A. Ribas Brig. Gen. Timothy J. Sheriff Brig. Gen. Thomas F. Spencer Brig. Gen. Michael D. Turello Brig. Gen. Suzanne P. Vares-Lum Brig. Gen. William J. Walker Brig. Gen. Ronald A. Westfall The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Miguel Aguilar Col. Eugene S. Alkire Col. Mark J. Berglund Col. Ronald W. Burkett, II Col. Robert F. Charlesworth Col. Nick Ducich Col. Robert D. Ferguson Col. Adam R. Flasch Col. Kevin W. Gallagher Col. John T. Gentry, Jr. Col. Bryan J. Grenon Col. John D. Haas Col. Edward H. Hallenbeck Col. Joe D. Hargett Col. Robert F. Hepner, Jr. Col. Charles G. Kemper, IV Col. Steven T. King Col. Michael J. Leeney Col. Roy J. Macaraeg Col. Joanne E. MacGregor Col. Marie M. Mahoney Col. Shawn P. Manke Col. James G. McCormack Col. Miguel A. Mendez Col. Neal S. Mitsuyoshi Col. Sharon D. Moore Col. Michael J. Oster Col. Gregory C. Parker Col. Scott T. Petrik Col. Jerry F. Prochaska Col. Javier A. Reina Col. Yesenia R. Roque Col. Leo A. Ryan Col. Michael J. Schlorholtz Col. Scott M. Sherman Col. Tyler B. Smith Col. Walter B. Sturek, Jr. Col. John F. Taylor, Jr. Col. Thomas E. Vern, Jr. Col. Damian K. Waddell Col. Robert F. Weir Col. Katherine E. White Col. James C. Wilkins Col. Timothy J. Winslow IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 156: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Christopher C. French 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Carl E. Mundy, III The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Loretta E. Reynolds 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Giovanni K. Tuck The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Joseph T. Guastella, Jr. 
IN THE ARMY  The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Robert G. Carruthers, III Col. Quvator R. Gore Col. Adam L. Robinson Col. Kevin L. Vines The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Stephen M. Rutner 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Marcus A. Hitchcock 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. John K. Love 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. John C. Thomson, III The following named Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.117 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4723 June 28, 2018 
To be brigadier general Col. Joseph R. Baldwin 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. William P. Pennington 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Thomas W. Bergeson The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. James C. Slife 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Judge Advocate General of the Navy and for appointment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while serving as the Judge Advocate General under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 5148: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. John G. Hannink The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. James J. Malloy The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Vice Adm. Andrew L. Lewis 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. John M. Jansen N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN2001 AIR FORCE nomination of Kourtni L. Starkey, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2002 AIR FORCE nomination of Her-mann F. Hinze, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2033 AIR FORCE nomination of Joseph B. Ryan, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2034 AIR FORCE nominations (93) begin-ning MICHAEL FRANCIS ADAMITIS, and ending LESLIE ANN ZYZDAMARTIN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2035 AIR FORCE nominations (45) begin-ning BARBARA B. ACEVEDO, and ending CHRISTY L. ZAHN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2077 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning WILLIAM P. MORSE, and ending NICH-OLAS M. STRELCHUK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2151 AIR FORCE nominations (20) begin-ning WADE B. ADAIR, and ending JAY W. VEEDER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2153 AIR FORCE nominations (41) begin-ning JAMES D. ATHNOS, and ending SARAH MONROE WHITSON, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2157 AIR FORCE nominations (75) begin-ning JULIE LALEH ADAMS, and ending CHRISTOPHER THOMAS ZONA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. IN THE ARMY  PN1689 ARMY nominations (10) beginning ERIC T. ASHLEY, and ending MICHAEL J. RYHN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 6, 2018. PN1690 ARMY nominations (89) beginning GILBERT AIDINIAN, and ending D011955, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 6, 2018. PN2003 ARMY nominations (8) beginning DIANE M. ARMBRUSTER, and ending LE-LAND T. SHEPHERD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2004 ARMY nominations (5) beginning DONALD C. BREWER, III, and ending CHARLES F. WALLACE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2005 ARMY nomination of James D. Spencer, II, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2006 ARMY nominations (4) beginning CHRISTOPHER A. BASSETT, and ending SCOTT E. BOYD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2007 ARMY nomination of Julie A. Craig, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2008 ARMY nomination of Charles G. Blake, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2009 ARMY nomination of Thomas A. Urquhart, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2037 ARMY nomination of Patricia Young, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2038 ARMY nominations (5) beginning DIEGO L. BECERRA, III, and ending MI-CHAEL E. ZELLOUS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2039 ARMY nominations (57) beginning PATRICK M. ABELL, and ending ALBERT F. YONKOVITZ, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2040 ARMY nominations (218) beginning GEORGE R. K. ACREE, and ending ARTHUR E. ZEGERS, IV, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2041 ARMY nominations (123) beginning MELISSA K. G. ADAMSKI, and ending JAMES YI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2059 ARMY nominations (13) beginning DENNIS R. BELL, and ending BRETT J. TAYLOR, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2060 ARMY nominations (12) beginning THEODORE W. CROY, III, and ending BILL A. SOLIZ, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2061 ARMY nominations (43) beginning EDGAR G. ARROYO, and ending G010491, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2062 ARMY nominations (24) beginning JEFFREY M. ALLERDING, and ending VANESSA WORSHAM, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2063 ARMY nomination of Brian F. Sayler, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2064 ARMY nominations (3) beginning WILLIAM B. MURPHY, and ending DAVID M. SOLORZANO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2065 ARMY nominations (3) beginning ERIC N. HATCH, and ending YANNICK N. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2066 ARMY nominations (4) beginning ANTHONY HALL, and ending CHRISTINA M. WRIGHT, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2067 ARMY nomination of Michael G. Mouritsen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2068 ARMY nomination of David E. Rob-erts, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2078 ARMY nomination of Peter R. Purrington, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2080 ARMY nomination of Chad K. Brinton, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2081 ARMY nomination of Christopher K. James, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2128 ARMY nomination of Tony J. Woodruff, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 11, 2018. PN2129 ARMY nominations (3) beginning JONATHAN M. FAUST, and ending CARLOS M. POVENTUDESTRADA, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of June 11, 2018. PN2159 ARMY nominations (23) beginning BRENDAN E. BELL, and ending JAYLON L. WAITE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2160 ARMY nominations (165) beginning DOUGLAS R. ADAMS, and ending LAURI M. ZIKE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2161 ARMY nomination of Leslie M. Latimorelorfils, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2162 ARMY nomination of Angel M. Sanchez, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2163 ARMY nomination of Fredricco McCurry, which was received by the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.120 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4724 June 28, 2018 
and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2164 ARMY nomination of Jimmie A. Hilton, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN2069 MARINE CORPS nomination of Brett M. McCormick, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 4, 2018. PN2103 MARINE CORPS nomination of Jonathan M. Pickup, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 7, 2018. 
IN THE NAVY  PN1924 NAVY nominations (12) beginning JOHN R. BUSH, and ending HOLLY B. SHOGER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1925 NAVY nominations (18) beginning ERIK E. ANDERSON, and ending MATTHEW L. TARDY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1926 NAVY nominations (3) beginning BRADFORD W. BAKER, and ending MI-CHAEL P. OHARA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1927 NAVY nominations (8) beginning DERRICK E. BLACKSTON, and ending MI-CHAEL G. WHEELER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1928 NAVY nominations (230) beginning DAVID J. ADAMS, and ending DAVID M. ZIELINSKI, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1929 NAVY nominations (7) beginning MARK R. ALEXANDER, and ending AN-DREW T. NEWSOME, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1930 NAVY nominations (5) beginning JILLENE M. BUSHNELL, and ending MICAH A. WELTMER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1931 NAVY nominations (10) beginning ENID S. BRACKETT, and ending JOSHUA P. TAYLOR, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1932 NAVY nominations (4) beginning JOHN E. GAY, and ending WILLIAM H. SPEAKS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1933 NAVY nominations (4) beginning FRANKLIN W. BENNETT, and ending MAT-THEW T. WILCOX, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1934 NAVY nominations (12) beginning CARVIN A. BROWN, and ending MARK W. YATES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1935 NAVY nominations (20) beginning CHRISTOPHER R. ANDERSON, and ending DAVID P. WOLYNSKI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1936 NAVY nominations (8) beginning MARC A. ARAGON, and ending ROBERT A. YEE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 7, 2018. PN1975 NAVY nominations (18) beginning DOUGLAS A. BECK, and ending STEVEN W. TOPPEL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1976 NAVY nomination of Robert A. Vita, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1977 NAVY nominations (2) beginning DARIN E. MARVIN, and ending ERIC E. PERCIVAL, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1978 NAVY nominations (3) beginning JOHN J. DOHERTY, and ending WILLIAM ORTIZ, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1979 NAVY nomination of David A. Ford, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1980 NAVY nominations (5) beginning RICHARD S. ARDOLINO, and ending AN-DREW C. SMITH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1981 NAVY nominations (2) beginning CHERYL D. DANDREA, and ending JOHN C. HAZLETT, II, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1982 NAVY nominations (5) beginning RICHARD E. BOUCHER, and ending CINDY L. RHODES, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1983 NAVY nominations (20) beginning JEFFREY W. ADAMS, and ending RICHARD B. WILDERMAN, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1984 NAVY nominations (72) beginning CLIFFORD J. ALLEN, and ending ABRA-HAM N. YOUNCE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1985 NAVY nominations (11) beginning MARK S. COLLINS, and ending THOMAS W. TREFNY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1986 NAVY nominations (3) beginning JONAS B. E. GIL, and ending CHRISTIE M. RUSHING, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1987 NAVY nominations (6) beginning JONATHAN E. BUSH, and ending JAMES C. WILTRAUT, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1988 NAVY nomination of Melissa M. Ford, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN1989 NAVY nomination of Matthew H. Robinson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 15, 2018. PN2010 NAVY nominations (20) beginning ROBERT L. ANDERSON, II, and ending DANIELLE M. WOOTEN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2011 NAVY nomination of Harold C. Barnes, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2012 NAVY nominations (28) beginning PAUL R. ALLEN, and ending KIM T. ZABLAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2013 NAVY nominations (15) beginning JASON W. ADAMS, and ending LAGENA K. G. YARBROUGH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2014 NAVY nominations (11) beginning PAUL C. CHAN, and ending NATHANIEL R. STRAUB, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2015 NAVY nominations (19) beginning PHILIP B. BAGROW, and ending DAVID S. YANG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2016 NAVY nominations (9) beginning HUGH BURKE, and ending CHRISTOPHER M. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2017 NAVY nominations (63) beginning ZACHARY M. ALEXANDER, and ending MARK L. WOODBRIDGE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2018 NAVY nominations (27) beginning RENE J. ALOVA, and ending STEPHEN S. YUNE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 17, 2018. PN2042 NAVY nomination of Adrain D. Felder, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2043 NAVY nomination of Ashley D. Gibbs, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2044 NAVY nomination of Reynaldo A. Jornacion, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 24, 2018. PN2082 NAVY nominations (4) beginning JAY D. LUTZ, and ending MARC F. WIL-LIAMS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2083 NAVY nominations (3) beginning JEROME R. CAYANGYANG, and ending TIMOTHY J. LONEY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2084 NAVY nomination of Donna M. Johnson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2085 NAVY nominations (5) beginning KEVIN M. CORCORAN, and ending SUNG H. YI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2086 NAVY nominations (7) beginning DEBRA A. BRENDLEY, and ending CYN-THIA M. SCHWARTZ, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2087 NAVY nominations (7) beginning CHRISTOPHER C. BURRIS, and ending JASON L. WEISSMAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2088 NAVY nominations (7) beginning MICHAEL R. BASSO, and ending DONALD H. YAGER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2089 NAVY nominations (2) beginning STEVEN A. BLAUSTEIN, and ending SONJA A. CARL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2090 NAVY nominations (15) beginning JAMES G. COX, and ending DARYL S. 
WONG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2091 NAVY nominations (10) beginning RICHFIELD F. AGULLANA, and ending JERICHO B. TIMOG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2092 NAVY nominations (16) beginning SARAH E. ABBOTT, and ending JUSTIN R. WIESEN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2093 NAVY nominations (34) beginning MATTHEW R. ARGENZIANO, and ending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.131 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4725 June 28, 2018 
MICHAEL A. WOODS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2094 NAVY nominations (13) beginning JEANINE F. BENJAMIN, and ending SA-VANNA S. STEFFEN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2095 NAVY nominations (527) beginning CHARLES B. ABBOTT, and ending STEVEN ZIELECHOWSKI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2096 NAVY nominations (16) beginning HASAN ABDULMUTAKALLIM, and ending STANLEY C. WARE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2097 NAVY nominations (27) beginning BRADLEY H. ABRAMOWITZ, and ending CORNELL A. WOODS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2098 NAVY nominations (12) beginning FRANCIS J. CARMODY, III, and ending MATTHEW N. WATTS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2099 NAVY nominations (22) beginning LUCAS G. BARLOW, and ending CHRISTINA J. WONG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2100 NAVY nominations (5) beginning KATHARINE M. CEREZO, and ending JOE M. VASQUEZ, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2101 NAVY nominations (49) beginning KEVIN J. ALTEMARA, and ending JACOB E. WILSON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2102 NAVY nominations (43) beginning PATRICK A. BATISTE, and ending ROBERT J. WRENN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 7, 2018. PN2130 NAVY nomination of Douglass R. Weiss, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 11, 2018. PN2165 NAVY nomination of Lerome S. Snaer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. PN2166 NAVY nomination of Daniel J. Rizzo, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 18, 2018. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FARM BILL Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to commend Agriculture Committee Chairman R
OBERTS and Ranking Mem-ber S
TABENOW for their leadership in crafting a bipartisan farm bill that will help support our Nation’s farmers and growers, provide funding for critical agriculture research programs, and make important investments in nutri-tion and food security programs. It is an exciting time for agriculture in Maine. In fact, according to a recent study, Maine ranks first in the Nation for farming outlook, which considers factors such as farmer age, percentage of beginning farmers, and number of farms per 100 residents. According to the most recent Census data, the share of Maine farms owned and operated by farmers under the age of 45 is steadily growing. These factors show that Maine farms are poised for continued growth and long-term success. The bill we have just passed includes a number of provisions from the Next Generation in Agriculture Act, which I introduced with Senator HEITKAMP , in-cluding a reauthorization of the Begin-ning Farmer and Rancher Development Grant Program at a higher funding level. Since this program was estab-lished nearly a decade ago, it has sup-ported more than 60,000 beginning farmers across every region of the country. In Maine, these grants have helped to build the capacity and skills of beginning farmers, as well as imple-ment a dairy farmer apprenticeship program. Maine’s agricultural resurgence has also been bolstered by a rapidly ex-panding organic sector. According to the Maine Organic Farmers and Gar-deners Association, Maine’s organic ag-riculture sector has grown 76 percent over the past 5 years alone. In 2017, the association certified 535 farmers and producers representing more than 90,000 acres of farmland. The strong support for organic agriculture in this bill will help ensure that this sector continues its growth. Federal investment in organic agri-culture research, however, has not kept pace with the growth of organic pro-ducers. This bill incorporates legisla-tion I introduced with Senator C
ASEY  that will increase funding for the Or-ganic Agriculture Research and Exten-sion Initiative, OREI. These additional resources will help ensure our farmers and producers benefit from the rising demand for organic products. In addition to experiencing a resur-gence in agriculture, Maine is also in the midst of reorienting its forest prod-ucts industry following the downturn of traditional pulp and paper produc-tion in our State. I am encouraged to see that the bill supports innovative wood products research and develop-ment at institutions of higher learning. Based on provisions of the Timber In-novation Act, which I have cospon-sored, the bill would authorize grants to advance the use of innovative wood products. Priority would be given to proposals that include the use or retro-fitting of existing sawmill facilities with higher-than-average unemploy-ment rates, which could be helpful to States such as Maine that are still re-covering from the job losses from the closure of traditional mills. An amendment that I sponsored with Senator CANTWELL to direct the Forest Service to continue using remote sens-ing technologies when conducting for-est inventory and analysis activities has also been incorporated. This tech-nology is faster and less expensive thanphysically surveying plots of land and would enable the Forest Service to provide more accurate data to inform forest management decisions. The bill also includes a number of provisions from the Local FARMS Act, legislation that I led with Senator B
ROWN . One key provision provides mandatory funding for the Organic Certification Cost-Share Program, which helps to cover a portion of the costs associated with obtaining or re-newing organic certifications. Another component from our Local FARMS Act is the Local Agriculture Market Program, which will provide grants to support the development and expansion of direct producer-to-con-sumer marketing, as well as value- added agricultural products. The bill also includes important pro-visions that help combat hunger, in-cluding the Local FARMS Act’s estab-lishment of a Harvesting Health pilot program through which fresh fruits and vegetables are provided to low-income individuals and households, as well as the reauthorization of the Seniors Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program. The latter program is critically impor-tant for combating hunger among sen-iors and is complemented by the Farm Bill’s reauthorization of the Com-modity Supplemental Food Program, also known as the Senior Food Box Program. In an effort to help more sen-iors access and remain enrolled in the Senior Food Box Program, I am pleased that the bill includes a provision from legislation I authored with Senator C
ASEY , the Nourishing Our Golden Years Act, which would allow States to establish a 3-year certification period for participants 60 years or older, effec-tively simplifying the process to pro-vide this much-needed support. The Specialty Crop Block Grant pro-gram that has been so vital for farmers and producers in my State is reauthor-ized for another 5 years. These grants support research and extension activi-ties that address key challenges facing specialty crops, including Maine’s iconic potatoes and lowbush blue-berries, aiming to improve production efficiency, address threats from pests and diseases, more accurately prevent and monitor potential food safety haz-ards, and enhance crop characteristics. The bill also makes important in-vestments to support the export of U.S. agricultural products by reauthorizing both the Market Access Program, MAP, and the Foreign Market Develop-ment Program, which are critical to the success of Maine farmers and fish-ermen as they work to remain competi-tive in the global marketplace. Accord-ing to the Maine International Trade Center, MAP has allowed Maine com-panies to expand their markets and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.133 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4726 June 28, 2018 
create more local jobs by facilitating the promotion and sale of Maine prod-ucts like wild blueberries in the Middle East, maple syrup in Central Africa, and shellfish in the Far East. As we continue to promote products such as maple syrup abroad, we must also ensure that we are not hindering their success here at home. Pure maple sugar producers in my state have ex-pressed serious concerns with the ‘‘added sugar’’ requirements in the FDA’s updated nutrition facts label rule. The rule would require the label to state that all sugar in the product is ‘‘added sugar.’’ While the FDA in-tended for the rule to help consumers make better-informed dietary choices, it is clear that the Agency’s proposal instead creates confusion. Producers believe that the term ‘‘added sugar,’’ when used with a single-ingredient sweetener such as pure maple syrup or honey, implies the addition of another sugar like corn syrup. I have raised this issue directly with FDA Commissioner Gottlieb, who is open to considering other approaches proposed by the industry, and have ad-dressed it through language in the ag-riculture funding bill that directs FDA to evaluate alternate labeling pro-posals. Although I am encouraged to see that the FDA recently announced it would ‘‘swiftly formulate a revised approach that makes key information available to consumers in a workable way,’’ I have joined Senator K
INGin of-fering an amendment to help ensure that this problem is rectified. Another reasonable reform I am pleased to see included is sponsored by Senator G
RASSLEY . It closes a loophole allowing an unlimited number of pas-sive ‘‘managers’’ to be designated by farm entities for the purpose of col-lecting farm subsidies. These subsidies are intended to support workers who are truly ‘‘actively engaged.’’ This pro-vision will save an estimated $211 mil-lion, $100 million of which will be re-allocated to The Emergency Food As-sistance Program, TEFAP, which sup-ports food pantries around the country. It is a testament to the leadership of Chairman R
OBERTS and Ranking Mem-ber S
TABENOW that they have produced a strongly bipartisan farm bill, and I am pleased to have supported it. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 140 on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2, the Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018. On vote No. 140, had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was also necessarily absent for votes related to consider-ation of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. Had I been present for vote Nos. 138 and 139, I would have voted yea on the motion to table Mr. L
EE’s amendment No. 3021, as modified, and I would have voted yea on passage of H.R. 5895. As an original cosponsor of Mr. TESTER ’s amendment No. 2971 to pre-vent the denial of access to records and documents by various inspectors gen-eral, and as an original cosponsor of Mr. B
ENNET ’s amendment No. 2983 to increase employment for members of the Armed Forces in emerging indus-tries, had I been present for vote Nos. 136 and 137, I would have voted yea on both amendments. In addition, on vote No. 135, had I been present, I would have voted yea on Mr. Y
OUNG ’s amend-ment No. 2926 to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the effectiveness of the Veterans Crisis Line. 
f 
HONORING GEORGE C. WILLIAMS AND THE CREW OF THE FLYING FORTRESS Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish to honor George C. Williams and the crew of the 42–299–28 B–17 Flying For-tress that was shot down over Nor-mandy, France, during WWII 75 years ago on July 4, 1943. George C. Williams, bombardier from Warren, Trumbull County, OH, was killed in action. While assisting the nose gunner, his chute accidentally opened inside the aircraft. Pilot Olof Ballinger offered up his own parachute, but George refused. It is believed that he attempted to fly the plane after all the crew had evacuated. Pilot Olof Maximilian Ballinger, of Newton Falls, Trumbull County, OH, evaded capture and walked alone, with no compass, over the Pyrenees Moun-tains. He reached safety in Spain in November 1943 and returned to the U.S. He eventually moved to California. Harry W. Basucher, Jr., of Cin-cinnati, OH, was killed in action inside the plane by enemy cannon fire. Copilot John Marshall Carrah, from Chico, CA, evaded capture and escaped to Switzerland and then to Spain and returned to the U.S. in March 1944 and continued to assist in the war effort. He was a career U.S. Air Force officer retiring as a lieutenant colonel. Byron J. Gronstall, from Van Nuys, CA, who evacuated the plane, was cap-tured by a German patrol. He was a prisoner of war at Stalag 7A. William C. Howell, from Goldsboro, NC, who evaded capture, was seriously wounded. Francis E. Owens, of Pittsburgh, PA, evaded capture but died of exposure in the Pyrenees Mountains while trying to assist other crewmen through the dangerous passage. He was awarded the Soldier’s Medal for bravely dragging wounded men out of harm’s way. John K. Lane, a radio operator from Deland, FL, was captured and was a prisoner of war at Stalag 7A and 17B. Francis E. Owens found John K. Lane unconscious and dragged him the length of the plane before attaching a parachute and pulling the ripcord while assisting him out of the aircraft. Paul McConnell, the navigator from Montgomery, AL, evaded capture. Albert Wackerman, from Salinas, CA, was killed in action by enemy fire aboard the B–17. A documentary was created about these 10 brave American aviators and will be featured at an event in Warren, OH, on July 2, 2018, at the Samuel E. Lanza Veterans Resource Center. The son of copilot John M. Carrah, who has done extensive research, heard first-person accounts from his father, and assisted in filming the documen-tary, will speak after the documentary viewing. This event is sponsored by the Tribune Chronicle with assistance from Warren city councilman John Brown. The bravery of the crew of the 42–299– 28 B–17 Flying Fortress was indicative of so many of their generation who risked life and limb to liberate Europe from an evil unlike anything our coun-try and allies had ever faced. We can never repay them for their service and sacrifice, but this United States Congress and our Nation are for-ever grateful for their actions and the actions of so many others like them. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO TOM LABRIE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Tom Labrie of Phillips County for his 18 years of serving his community as the head chef at the Great Northern Restaurant. Tom was born and raised in Malta. After graduating from Malta High School, Tom began working at the Great Northern Restaurant where he is a self-taught chef. He has since worked at the Great Northern Restaurant for 18 years, working his way up the line to head chef. He and his wife Anna have two kids and are active members of the Malta community. Tom’s time at the restaurant stands out for two reasons: his hard work and his skills in the kitchen. Although he is the head chef, he does more than cook the food. Other employees and customers find him filling in wherever help is needed, including cashing out customers. While he is a self-taught chef, the food he creates makes the Great Northern Restaurant and Hotel stand out in Malta and the greater Phillips community. Tom is the secret ingredient to the success of the Great Northern Res-taurant. The employees are grateful for his leadership and hard work as it keeps the restaurant running smooth-ly. Congratulations, Tom, on your suc-cessful career and impact on Malta’s community. I look forward to my next stop at the Great Northern Restaurant to try your famous chicken fried steak.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.098 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4727 June 28, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO PASTOR ARTHUR ARNETT ∑Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Pastor Arthur Arnett as he retires from Aurora Avenue Bible Church after decades of faithful service to his congregation and community. Pastor Arnett spent many of the early years of his life in Des Moines, IA, where his father served as the pas-tor of Bethel Bible Church, later to be renamed Aurora Avenue Bible Church. Even at a young age, Pastor Arnett demonstrated his passion for service by volunteering for any needed tasks around the church. After graduating from high school, Pastor Arnett stud-ied at the Prairie Bible Institute and worked in a variety of jobs, including truckdriving, mechanical contracting, and cooking. While holding these posi-tions, Pastor Arnett’s love of ministry shone through as he discussed and shared his knowledge of the Bible with many. In 1968, Pastor Arnett was called to military service and trained in avia-tion. Shortly before leaving for a year of service in Vietnam, Pastor Arnett married his wife, Connie Ray, in Tip-ton, IA. After returning from Vietnam, Pastor Arnett once again devoted his life to ministry and served congrega-tions in Colorado and Kansas. In 1976, Pastor Arnett joined the Seaman’s International Christian Association, where he was able to minister to thou-sands of seamen from all over the world over the course of 12 years. Pastor Arnett was then called back to his home church in Des Moines, IA, where he began ministering on July 8, 1988. And on July 8, 2018—exactly 30 years later—Pastor Arnett will retire from the pastorate at Aurora Avenue Bible Church. After three decades as a pastor and many more years as a vol-unteer, Pastor Arnett has been able to deliver thousands of messages and touch countless lives through his faith-ful service to his community and con-gregation. I ask my colleagues to join me as I proudly recognize Pastor Arthur Arnett, an Iowan whose lifelong devo-tion to service epitomizes the great American ideals of hard work, duty, and dedication.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CHARLES MARTIN ‘‘C.M.’’ NEWTON ∑Mr. JONES. Mr. President, today with deep sadness, but also with rev-erence, I wish to remember Charles Martin ‘‘C.M.’’ Newton, who died on Monday, June 4, 2018. C.M. Newton was one of the most influential coaches in college sports, whose skills I was fortu-nate to witness firsthand during my time as an undergraduate student at the University of Alabama. Coach New-ton integrated the Alabama Crimson Tide men’s basketball team in 1969 and led them to three Southeastern Con-ference, SEC, titles from 1974–1976. He also led the Vanderbilt University Commodores to the Sweet Sixteen in the 1988 NCAA Tournament before leaving to lead the athletic department at the University of Kentucky, his alma mater. At Kentucky, he not only continued the Wildcat tradition of win-ning NCAA men’s basketball cham-pionships, he once again broke down barriers by hiring the first Black wom-en’s and men’s coaches in UK history. C.M. Newton was born in Rockwood, TN, on February 2, 1930. As a student at the University of Kentucky, he played on the baseball team, as well as the 1951 championship-winning men’s basketball team. He began his coaching career at Transylvania University be-fore moving to Alabama and, later, Vanderbilt. In addition to coaching, he served as an assistant SEC commis-sioner. After leading Alabama to three conference titles and six postseason visits, he headed to Vanderbilt in 1981, before returning to Kentucky in 1989. His success as a basketball coach and as an athletic director led him to over-see the 1992 and 1996 Olympic men’s basketball team rosters, which in-cluded the famous 1992 ‘‘Dream Team’’ led by Michael Jordan, Larry Bird, Magic Johnson, as well as Charles Bar-kley, an Alabama native. On a personal note, I have looked up to Coach Newton since before I ever set foot on campus at the University of Alabama. In May 1972, he spoke at a Birmingham Kiwanis Club luncheon where I received the Youth of the Year Award during my senior year of high school. He spoke of leadership, of integ-rity, and of the need to fulfill the promise of America. He challenged all of the students in attendance that day to be the best we could be for our-selves, our families, and our commu-nities. Forty-six years later, I can remember his advice just as clearly as the day he gave it. I hope, in some way, we have each lived up to his challenge. Years later, Coach Newton went on to receive the John Bunn Lifetime Achievement Award in 1997, an annual award given to an individual who has contributed significantly to the sport of basketball, and was inducted to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2000. My wife, Louise, and I extend our sin-cerest condolences to Coach Newton’s wife, Nancy, his three children, and the entire extended community of athletes and fans on whom he made a positive impact. His legacy lives on in each of us.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TEX WILLIAMS ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a Mountain State coaching legend from Raleigh County, Tex Williams. He is as legendary and as influential in West Virginia as two of his best friends, Jerry West and Logan High School Coaching legend Willie Akers. Good coaches are able to show you what it takes to succeed in the game. Special coaches are able to put that human touch to it and go a step beyond to have a positive impact on your life. Tex was able to capture both. He was the longtime coach at St. Albans and also served as coach at Vinson High School, Nitro High School, the Univer-sity of Charleston, Alderson-Broaddus, and the Charleston Gunners of the CBA. He was a star athlete in all sports, and has coached on every level—high school, college, and pro basketball—and won more than 500 games in his career. In 2014, I had the privilege of con-gratulating Tex upon the opening of the Tex Williams Museum in Artie, WV. There, the Marshall Athletic Hall of Fame member for both baseball and basketball and acclaimed coach’s leg-acy is on display, housing 40,000 photos he collected throughout his long ca-reer. Making it even more special, the Tex Williams Museum is housed in the old post office building his father helped build and where his mother worked for 43 years. Tex learned early on that sports can make you into so much more than a successful athlete if you have the right attitude. There is no greater achieve-ment than to be in a position to give back to the community that helped shape who you are, and that is what we are celebrating today by honoring Tex. He started the Hoops Classic high school basketball tournament, which is played every year at the Charleston Civic Center. So many student-athletes have been inspired by Tex and have gone forward to build successful ca-reers for themselves in our home State. Tex started the West Virginia Legends Sports Banquet 9 years ago, which re-unites former players and coaches who once starred in West Virginia high school and college athletics. Tex has not only influenced and inspired stu-dent athletes for decades, but he has passed his knowledge and tradition of coaching excellence to his son, Adam, who also holds a strong legacy as a player and coach. Tex is a perfect example of what makes West Virginia so very unique and special. Our people have this can- do spirit, a neighborly love that is un-relenting, and we are all grounded by the same core principle: to help others be the best they can be and to never forget where you came from. As I al-ways say, if you can count your bless-ings, you can share your blessings, and Tex has embodied that sentiment beau-tifully. Again, it is an honor to recognize the outstanding achievements of Tex Wil-liams and all he has done for countless student athletes across our home State.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN HITT ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would like to take a few moments to recog-nize my friend and esteemed president of the University of Central Florida, John Hitt. On June 30, John will step down as president after 26 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.105 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4728 June 28, 2018 
John was the first in his family to graduate from college, and ever since then, he has continued to work in aca-demia through his leadership at the University of Maine, Bradley Univer-sity, Texas Christian University, Tulane University, and most recently, the University of Central Florida. Since he assumed his role in 1992, UCF has seen its enrollment more than triple to over 66,000 students. It has also tripled the number of minority students at UCF, who currently make up 46 percent of the UCF student body. As the current longest serving presi-dent in Florida’s State University Sys-tem, John has been involved in UCF re-ceiving $2.23 billion in research fund-ing, creating 71 new degree programs, and launching more than $1 billion in new construction, including more than 100 new buildings. Among them is the UCF College of Medicine that anchors the Medical City at Lake Nona. His many awards and honors include being recognized as one of America’s 10 most innovative college presidents by Washington Monthly magazine and twice being ranked No. 1 on Orlando Magazine’s list of Orlando’s 50 Most Powerful People. Most impressively, John, a first-gen-eration college student, has awarded more than 270,000 degrees, which trans-lates to about 83 percent of all degrees conferred in UCF history. John award-ed more degrees within the State Uni-versity System of Florida than any other university president in Sunshine State history. In his inaugural presidential address in 1992, John said, ‘‘UCF is an institu-tion founded on partnership in a city that dares to dream. We are a univer-sity founded on the principles of access to high quality education at affordable cost, of research directed to public need, and of service to the people of our state, region and nation. I fervently be-lieve that UCF will become America’s leading metropolitan university.’’ His dedication to his students, uni-versity, and community will be remem-bered by the large UCF Knight family and the people of central Florida. I am proud to call John a friend, and we will all miss his leadership at UCF. I wish him well on his retirement. ∑ 
f 
90TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE KAPPA ALPHA PSI TAMPA ALUMNI CHAPTER ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would like to recognize and celebrate the 90th anniversary of the Tampa alumni chap-ter of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity. For 90 years, the members of the Tampa alumni chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi have provided leadership, dedication, and service to Tampa. Through their community initiatives and fundraisers, they have helped thousands in their community. The Tampa alumni chap-ter of Kappa Alpha Psi was founded in 1928 on the belief of service to one an-other and the community, during a time when African Americans faced legal and institutional discrimination both on and off college campuses. The current members of the alumni chapter have dedicated their time to providing leadership and service in their commu-nity, most recently organizing a Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., day of service fo-cused on disaster preparedness. The past and present members of the Tampa Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity should inspire everyone to make their own communities better. One quality members of Kappa Alpha Psi strive for is excellence in every-thing they do, and over the past 90 years, the members of the Tampa alumni chapter have provided excellent leadership and service to their commu-nity in Tampa. The celebration and re-flection of 90 years of service shows how far we have come in the United States and how much work is still left to do.∑ f 
350TH ANNIVERSARY OF SALT SAINTE MARIE, MICHIGAN ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 350th anniversary of the city of Sault Sainte Marie, MI. As one of the oldest cities in the State of Michigan, as well as the United States, Sault Ste. Marie is endowed with a rich history, dynamic present, and bright future. As early as 800 A.D., the Chippewa In-dians, originally referred to as Ojib-way, inhabited the area now known as Sault Ste. Marie. The Chippewa Indi-ans called the region ‘‘Bahweting,’’ or ‘‘the Gathering Place,’’ due to the wealth of fish and fur found along the St. Marys River, the only water con-nection between Lake Superior and the other Great Lakes. In the early 1600s, British, French, and Jesuit missionaries ventured to the territory, including Fr. Jaques Marquette. In 1668, Fr. Jaques Mar-quette renamed the settlement Sault Ste. Marie in honor of the Virgin Mary, establishing the first permanent settle-ment in the Great Lakes region. Due to the abundant natural resources and strategic location of the St. Marys River, the French and British repeat-edly fought over the area, as well as the right to trade with the Chippewa and Ottawa Tribes. Although Fr. Jaques Marquette built the first per-manent structure, John Johnson is considered to be the first permanent settler in Sault Ste. Marie. In the late 1790s, Johnson and his family moved to the region to open a fur trade oper-ation along the St. Marys River. In 1797, the Northwest Fur Company con-structed a navigation lock approxi-mately 38-feet long on the Canadian side of the St. Marys River. Unfortu-nately, the lock was destroyed in the War of 1812. In 1820, the Chippewa Indians signed the Treaty of the Sault that turned control of Sault Ste. Marie to the United States. In 1852, almost three decades later, the State of Michigan contracted Fairbanks Scale Company to build a lock designed to permit wa-terborne commerce between Lake Su-perior and the other Great Lakes. The Fairbanks Scale Company constructed a system of two locks, each 350 feet long, called the State Lock. The State of Michigan operated and maintained the locks for more than a decade, but as the shipping traffic and vessel sizes increased, the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers assumed ownership of the facil-ity and constructed a larger lock, more than 515 feet long, named the Weitzel Lock. Since then, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers oversaw the construction and replacement of five locks, later known as the Soo Locks, in order to meet the growing demand for larger vessels: First Poe Lock, Davis Lock, Sabin Lock, MacArthur Lock, and Sec-ond Poe Lock. Over the past 350 years, Sault Ste. Marie transformed from a base for fisherman and fur traders to an international gateway for commu-nity development and economic growth. Today, Sault Ste. Marie is home to more than 13,000 residents who enjoy the beautiful parks, historic downtown, and safe neighborhoods. Situated in Chippewa County, the city provides a number of recreational activities de-signed to enhance the quality of life for residents, ranging from the Sault Seal Recreation Area and Voyageur Island, to the River of History Museum and Sherman Park. Sault Ste. Marie is also active in the preservation and pro-motion of historic landmarks, includ-ing the Historic Locks Park Walkway, the John Johnston House, and the Kemp Coal Dock Office. Recognized as ‘‘the place where Michigan was born,’’ Sault Ste. Maris captivates the atten-tion of residents and visitors from around the globe. I am honored to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the rich history, significant contributions, and out-standing achievements of the city of Sault Sainte Marie. I wish the city continued growth and prosperity in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOGAN AUKES ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Logan Aukes, an intern in my Sioux Falls, SD, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota over the past several weeks. Logan is a graduate of Sioux Falls Christian High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Currently, he is attending Dordt College, where he is majoring in busi-ness administration. He is a hard work-er who has been dedicated to getting the most out of his internship experi-ence. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Logan for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOSH BROWN ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Josh Brown, an intern in my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.101 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4729 June 28, 2018 
Sioux Falls, SD, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota over the past several weeks. Josh is a graduate of Dell Rapids St. Mary High School in Dell Rapids, SD. Currently, he is attending Morningside College, where he is majoring in polit-ical science. He is a hard worker who has been dedicated to getting the most out of his internship experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Josh for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:54 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5345. An act to designate the Marshall Space Flight Center of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration to provide leadership for the U.S. rocket propulsion in-dustrial base, and for other purposes. H.R. 5346. An act to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for licenses and ex-perimental permits for space support vehi-cles, and for other purposes. H.R. 5905. An act to authorize basic re-search programs in the Department of En-ergy Office of Science for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. H.R. 5906. An act to amend the America COMPETES Act to establish Department of Energy policy for Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5907. An act to provide directors of the National Laboratories signature authority for certain agreements, and for other pur-poses. 
The message further announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 770) to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innovation and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and for other pur-poses. The message also announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2061) to reau-thorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other pur-poses. At 11:27 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and asks a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and that Mr. Frelinghuysen, Mr. Simpson, Mr. Car-ter of Texas, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Forten-berry, Mr. Fleischmann, Ms. Herrera Beutler, Mr. Taylor, Mrs. Lowey, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Visclosky, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, and Ms. Wasserman Schultz, be the managers of the conference on the part of the House. 
At 3:46 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following joint resolution, without amendment: 
S.J. Res 60. Joint resolution providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 6157. An act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. H.R. 6160. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the au-thority to issue regulations regarding cer-tifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 299. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5345. An act to designate the Marshall Space Flight Center of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration to provide leadership for the U.S. rocket propulsion in-dustrial base, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5346. An act to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for licenses and ex-perimental permits for space support vehi-cles, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. H.R. 5906. An act to amend the America COMPETES Act to establish Department of Energy policy for Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5907. An act to provide directors of the National Laboratories signature authority for certain agreements, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6160. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the au-thority to issue regulations regarding cer-tifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. f MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5905. An act to authorize basic re-search programs in the Department of En-ergy Office of Science for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. H.R. 6157. An act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5778. A communication from the Chief Management Officer, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Department’s establishment of Cross Functional Teams (CFTs); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5779. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of se-lected reserve units, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5780. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of selected reserve units, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5781. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Repeal of DFARS Clause ‘Pricing Adjustments’’’ ((RIN0750– AJ93) (DFARS Case 2018–D032)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5782. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Repeal of DFARS Clause ‘Requirements’’’ ((RIN0750–AJ91) (DFARS Case 2018–D030)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–5783. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Undefinitized Con-tract Action Definitization’’ ((RIN0750–AI99) (DFARS Case 2015–D024)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JN6.050 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4730 June 28, 2018 
26, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–5784. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Pricing and Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Offset Costs’’ ((RIN0750–AI59) (DFARS Case 2018–D028)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5785. A communication from the Sec-retary, Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to the Commission’s Freedom of Information Act Regulations’’ (RIN3235–AM25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 27, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5786. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Little Silver, Borough of, Mon-mouth County, NJ, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 27, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5787. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Base Year Emissions Inventories for the Lebanon and Delaware County Non-attainment Areas for the 2012 Annual Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9980–30–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 27, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5788. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Revi-sions to Volatile Organic Compound Rules’’ (FRL No. 9980–08–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 27, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5789. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; California; Yolo- Solano Air Quality Management District; Negative Declarations’’ (FRL No. 9980–17–Re-gion 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 27, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5790. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arkansas; Revisions to Minor New Source Review Program’’ (FRL No. 9979–15–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 27, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5791. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Open Payments Program’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5792. A communication from the Chair-man, Medicare Payment Advisory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress: Medicare and the Health Care Delivery System’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5793. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the manufacture of significant military equip-ment abroad and the export of defense arti-cles, including technical data, and defense services to the Republic of Korea to support the manufacture of the F414–GE–400 engine (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–098); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–5794. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Italy to manufacture and/or assemble Millimeter Wave Front End Assemblies of the Guidance Section and Control Sections of AGM–88E Advanced Anti-Radiation Guided Missile for the Italian Ministry of Defense in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–008); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–5795. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearm parts and components abroad controlled under Category I of the U.S. Munitions List of various caliber rifled barrel blanks to Canada for commercial re-sale in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–036); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–5796. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removing Outmoded Regulations Regard-ing the Ricky Ray Hemophilia Relief Fund Program’’ (RIN0906–AB13) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5797. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removing Outmoded Regulations Regard-ing the National Health Service Corps Pro-gram’’ (RIN0906–AB15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5798. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removing Outmoded Regulations Regard-ing the Rural Physician Training Grant Pro-gram, Definition of ‘Underserved Rural Com-munity’’’ (RIN0906–AB17) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5799. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation, Department of Education, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘A State’s Guide to the U.S. Depart-ment of Education’s Assessment Peer Review Process’’ received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 27, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5800. A communication from the Direc-tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report to Congress concerning intercepted wire, oral, or electronic commu-nications; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. EC–5801. A communication from the Assist-ant Chief Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Mis-cellaneous Amendments; Response to Ap-peals; Corrections’’ (RIN2137–AF27) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5802. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Standard for High Chairs’’ (Docket No. CPSC–2015–0031) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 27, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–252. A joint resolution adopted by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee memorializing its support for the President of the United States’ proposal to construct a secure border wall, and urging the United States Congress to immediately take action to fund the construction; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H
OUSE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 741 Whereas, through the 2016 election of President Donald J. Trump, the American people delivered a clear mandate to ensure American prosperity; and Whereas, the security of our nation’s bor-ders and the safety of our citizens are para-mount to protecting the American way of life; and Whereas, it is essential to the welfare of our nation that illegal immigration cease; and Whereas, President Trump has pledged to secure our borders through the construction of a secure border wall; and Whereas, the members of this General As-sembly have consistently taken steps to ad-dress illegal immigration within the borders of our great State and now wish to urge the United States Congress to address illegal im-migration by supporting President Trump’s border wall proposal; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Tenth General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, the Senate Concurring , That we strongly support President Donald J. Trump’s proposal to construct a secure border wall across our nation’s southern bor-der, and we strongly urge the United States Congress to immediately take action to fund the construction of said border wall without delay; and be it further Resolved, That certified copies of this reso-lution be transmitted to the President of the United States, the U.S. Secretary of Home-land Security, the Governor of the State of Tennessee, the Speaker and the Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, the President and the Secretary of the United States Senate, and each member of the Ten-nessee Congressional delegation. 
POM–253. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.048 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4731 June 28, 2018 
designating May 2018 as ‘‘Amyotrophic Lat-eral Sclerosis Awareness Month’’ in Pennsyl-vania; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 371 Whereas, Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is better known as Lou Gehrig’s dis-ease; and Whereas, ALS is a fatal neurodegenerative disease characterized by degeneration of cell bodies of the upper and lower motor neurons in the gray matter of the anterior horn of the spinal cord; and Whereas, The initial symptom of ALS is weakness of the skeletal muscles, especially those of the extremities; and Whereas, As ALS progresses, the patient experiences difficulty in swallowing, talking and breathing; and Whereas, ALS causes muscles to atrophy and the patient becomes a functional quad-riplegic; and Whereas, Patients with ALS typically re-main alert and are aware of their loss of motor functions and the inevitable outcome of continued deterioration and death; and Whereas, ALS affects military veterans at twice the rate of the general population; and Whereas, ALS occurs in adulthood, most commonly between 40 and 70 years of age, peaking at approximately 55 years of age, and affects both men and women without bias; and Whereas, Annually, more than 5,000 new ALS patients are diagnoses throughout the nation; and Whereas, In Pennsylvania, there are cur-rently more than 1,000 individuals who have been formally diagnosed with ALS; and Whereas, The $500,000 in State funding ap-propriated by the General Assembly for ALS support services for 2017–2018 provided serv-ices to nearly 1,000 constituents and a sub-stantial savings to the State budget and tax-payers; and Whereas, The ALS Association reports that on average, patients diagnosed with ALS only survive two to five years from the time of diagnosis; and Whereas, ALS has no known cause, preven-tion or cure; and Whereas, ‘‘Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month’’ increases the public’s awareness of ALS patients’ circumstances and acknowledges the negative impact this disease has on ALS patients and their fami-lies and recognizes the research being done to eradicate ALS; therefore be it Resolved, That the Senate designate the Month of May 2018 as ‘‘Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month’’ in Pennsyl-vania; and be it further Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, the presiding officers of each house of Congress and to each member of Congress from Pennsylvania. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–288). By Mr. BLUNT, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3158. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–289). By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3159. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–290). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2779. A bill to amend the Zimbabwe De-mocracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001. By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee on Intelligence, without amendment: S. 3153. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for in-telligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Com-munity Management Account, and the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 3776. A bill to support United States international cyber diplomacy, and for other purposes. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. WICKER for Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Air Force nomination of Col. Paul A. Friedrichs, to be Brigadier General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Michael T. Moran, to be Vice Admiral. Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. Mark H. Berry, to be Major General. Navy nomination of Capt. Mark J. Mouriski, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. Eileen H. Laubacher, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. Ann H. Duff, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) John W. Korka, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nominations beginning with Capt. Nancy S. Lacore and ending with Capt. Eric C. Ruttenberg, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 12, 2018. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Mary C. Riggs, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nominations beginning with Rear Adm. (lh) Alan D. Beal and ending with Rear Adm. (lh) Andrew C. Lennon, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on April 9, 2018. Navy nomination of Capt. Robert T. Clark, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Marine Corps nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Michael F. Fahey III and ending with Brig. Gen. Helen G. Pratt, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on April 26, 2018. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Scott A. Howell, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Austin S. Miller, to be General. Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. Eric M. Smith, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Richard M. Clark, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Darryl A. Williams, to be Lieutenant General. Marine Corps nomination of Col. Daniel J. Lecce, to be Major General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Charles Q. Brown, Jr., to be General. Army nominations beginning with Col. Narciso Cruz and ending with Col. Mark K. Miera, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 17, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Joseph F. Jarrard and ending with Brig. Gen. Tracy R. Norris, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 17, 2018. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Laurel J. Hummel, to be Major General. Army nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Tommy H. Baker and ending with Brig. Gen. Ronald A. Westfall, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 17, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Col. Miguel Aguilar and ending with Col. Tim-othy J. Winslow, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 17, 2018. Navy nomination of Capt. Christopher C. French, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. Carl E. Mundy III, to be Lieutenant General. Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. Lo-retta E. Reynolds, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Giovanni K. Tuck, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Joseph T. Guastella, Jr., to be Lieutenant General. Army nominations beginning with Col. Robert G. Carruthers III and ending with Col. Kevin L. Vines, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 4, 2018. Army nomination of Col. Stephen M. Rutner, to be Brigadier General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Marcus A. Hitchcock, to be Rear Admiral. Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. John K. Love, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. John C. Thomson III, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Col. Joseph R. Bald-win, to be Brigadier General. Navy nomination of Capt. William P. Pen-nington, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Thomas W. Bergeson, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. James C. Slife, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. John G. Hannink, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. James J. Malloy, to be Vice Admiral. Navy nomination of Vice Adm. Andrew L. Lewis, to be Vice Admiral. Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. John M. Jansen, to be Lieutenant General. 
Mr. WICKER for Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the fol-lowing nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates in-dicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nomina-tions lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Kourtni L. Starkey, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Hermann F. Hinze, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Joseph B. Ryan, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Mi-chael Francis Adamitis and ending with Les-lie Ann Zyzdamartin, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 24, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Bar-bara B. Acevedo and ending with Christy L. Zahn, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 24, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Wil-liam P. Morse and ending with Nicholas M. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.066 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4732 June 28, 2018 
Strelchuk, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Wade B. Adair and ending with Jay W. Veeder, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with James D. Athnos and ending with Sarah Monroe Whitson, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 18, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Julie Laleh Adams and ending with Chris-topher Thomas Zona, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 18, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Eric T. Ashley and ending with Michael J. Ryhn, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 6, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Gilbert Aidinian and ending with D011955, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 6, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Diane M. Armbruster and ending with Leland T. Shepherd, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 17, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Donald C. Brewer III and ending with Charles F. Wallace, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 17, 2018. Army nomination of James D. Spencer II, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Chris-topher A. Bassett and ending with Scott E. Boyd, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 17, 2018. Army nomination of Julie A. Craig, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Charles G. Blake, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Thomas A. Urquhart, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Patricia Young, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Diego L. Becerra III and ending with Michael E. Zellous, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 24, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Patrick M. Abell and ending with Albert F. Yonkovitz, Jr., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 24, 2018. Army nominations beginning with George R. K. Acree and ending with Arthur E. Zegers IV, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 24, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Melissa K. G. Adamski and ending with James Yi, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 24, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Dennis R. Bell and ending with Brett J. Taylor, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 4, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Theo-dore W. Croy III and ending with Bill A. Soliz, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 4, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Edgar G. Arroyo and ending with G010491, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 4, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Jeffrey M. Allerding and ending with Vanessa Worsham, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 4, 2018. Army nomination of Brian F. Sayler, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with William B. Murphy and ending with David M. Solorzano, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 4, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Eric N. Hatch and ending with Yannick N. Williams, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 4, 2018. Army nominations beginning with An-thony Hall and ending with Christina M. Wright, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 4, 2018. Army nomination of Michael G. Mouritsen, to be Colonel. Army nomination of David E. Roberts, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Peter R. Purrington, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Chad K. Brinton, to be Major. Army nomination of Christopher K. James, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Tony J. Woodruff, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Jona-than M. Faust and ending with Carlos M. Poventudestrada, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 11, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Brendan E. Bell and ending with Jaylon L. Waite, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 18, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Douglas R. Adams and ending with Lauri M. Zike, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 18, 2018. Army nomination of Leslie M. Latimorelorfils, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Angel M. Sanchez, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Fredricco McCurry, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Jimmie A. Hilton, Jr., to be Colonel. Marine Corps nomination of Brett M. McCormick, to be Major. Marine Corps nomination of Jonathan M. Pickup, to be Major. Navy nominations beginning with John R. Bush and ending with Holly B. Shoger, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Erik E. Anderson and ending with Matthew L. Tardy, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Bradford W. Baker and ending with Michael P. Ohara, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Derrick E. Blackston and ending with Michael G. Wheeler, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with David J. Adams and ending with David M. Zielinski, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Mark R. Alexander and ending with Andrew T. Newsome, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Jillene M. Bushnell and ending with Micah A. Weltmer, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Enid S. Brackett and ending with Joshua P. Taylor, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with John E. 
Gay and ending with William H. Speaks, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Frank-lin W. Bennett and ending with Matthew T. Wilcox, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Carvin A. Brown and ending with Mark W. Yates, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Chris-topher R. Anderson and ending with David P. Wolynski, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Marc A. Aragon and ending with Robert A. Yee, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Douglas A. Beck and ending with Steven W. Toppel, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nomination of Robert A. Vita, to be Captain. Navy nominations beginning with Darin E. Marvin and ending with Eric E. Percival, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with John J. Doherty and ending with William Ortiz, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nomination of David A. Ford, to be Captain. Navy nominations beginning with Richard S. Ardolino and ending with Andrew C. Smith, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Cheryl D. Dandrea and ending with John C. Hazlett II, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Richard E. Boucher and ending with Cindy L. Rhodes, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Jeffrey W. Adams and ending with Richard B. Wilderman, Jr., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Clifford J. Allen and ending with Abraham N. Younce, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Mark S. Collins and ending with Thomas W. Trefny, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Jonas B. E. Gil and ending with Christie M. Rushing, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.079 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4733 June 28, 2018 
which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Jona-than E. Bush and ending with James C. Wiltraut, Jr., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 15, 2018. Navy nomination of Melissa M. Ford, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Matthew H. Robinson, to be Captain. Navy nominations beginning with Robert L. Anderson II and ending with Danielle M. Wooten, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 17, 2018. Navy nomination of Harold C. Barnes, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Paul R. Allen and ending with Kim T . Zablan, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 17, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Jason W. Adams and ending with Lagena K. G. Yarbrough, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 17, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Paul C. Chan and ending with Nathaniel R. Straub, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 17, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Philip B. Bagrow and ending with David S. Yang, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 17, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Hugh Burke and ending with Christopher M. Wil-liams, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 17, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Zachary M. Alexander and ending with Mark L. Woodbridge, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 17, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Rene J. Alova and ending with Stephen S. Yune, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on May 17, 2018. Navy nomination of Adrain D. Felder, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Ashley D. Gibbs, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Reynaldo A. Jornacion, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nominations beginning with Jay D. Lutz and ending with Marc F. Williams, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Jerome R. Cayangyang and ending with Timothy J. Loney, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nomination of Donna M. Johnson, to be Captain. Navy nominations beginning with Kevin M. Corcoran and ending with Sung H. Yi, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Debra A. Brendley and ending with Cynthia M. Schwartz, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Chris-topher C. Burris and ending with Jason L. Weissman, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Michael R. Basso and ending with Donald H. Yager, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Steven A. Blaustein and ending with Sonja A. Carl, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with James G. Cox and ending with Daryl S. Wong, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Rich-field F. Agullana and ending with Jericho B. Timog, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Sarah E. Abbott and ending with Justin R. Wiesen, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Matthew R. Argenziano and ending with Michael A. Woods, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Jeanine F. Benjamin and ending with Savanna S. Steffen, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Charles B. Abbott and ending with Steven Zielechowski, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Hasan Abdulmutakallim and ending with Stanley C. Ware, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Bradley H. Abramowitz and ending with Cornell A. Woods, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Francis J. Carmody III and ending with Matthew N. Watts, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Lucas G. Barlow and ending with Christina J. Wong, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Kath-arine M. Cerezo and ending with Joe M. Vasquez, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Kevin J. Altemara and ending with Jacob E. Wilson, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nominations beginning with Patrick A. Batiste and ending with Robert J. Wrenn, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 7, 2018. Navy nomination of Douglass R. Weiss, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Lerome S. Snaer, to be Lieutenant Commander. Navy nomination of Daniel J. Rizzo, to be Lieutenant Commander. By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. *Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be As-sistant Secretary for Family Support, De-partment of Health and Human Services. *Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. *Patrick J. Urda, of Indiana, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court for a term of fifteen years. *Jeffrey Kessler, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Commerce. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Holly A. Brady, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Indiana. Andrew Lynn Brasher, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama. James Patrick Hanlon, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the South-
ern District of Indiana. David Steven Morales, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the South-ern District of Texas. Lance E. Walker, of Maine, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine. John D. Jordan, of Missouri, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri for the term of four years. Mark F. Sloke, of Alabama, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Alabama for the term of four years. Nick Willard, of New Hampshire, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Hampshire for the term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BURR: S. 3153. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for in-telligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Com-munity Management Account, and the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes; from the Select Committee on Intelligence; placed on the calendar. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. S
AND-
ERS, and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): S. 3154. A bill to ensure Members of Con-gress have access to Federal facilities in order to exercise their Constitutional over-sight responsibilities; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 3155. A bill to ban the use of ortho- phthalate chemicals as food contact sub-stances; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. SMITH: S. 3156. A bill to protect airline consumers in the case of cancelled flights; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 3157. A bill to streamline siting proc-esses for small cell deployment; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. BLUNT: S. 3158. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.080 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4734 June 28, 2018 
the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. SHELBY: S. 3159. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. K ING, and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 3160. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve access to, and utilization of, bone mass measurement benefits under part B of the Medicare pro-gram by establishing a minimum payment amount under such part for bone mass meas-urement; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN: S. 3161. A bill to establish the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Emergency Response Fund to provide assistance with re-spect to a public health emergency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 3162. A bill to provide oversight of the border zone in which Federal agents may conduct vehicle checkpoints and stops and enter private land without a warrant, and to make technical corrections; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 3163. A bill to amend the Intercountry Adoption Act of 2000 to require the Secretary of State to report on intercountry adoptions from countries which have significantly re-duced adoption rates involving immigration to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 3164. A bill to amend the Gramm-Leach- Bliley Act to update the exception for cer-tain annual notices provided by financial in-stitutions; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
ARDIN , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. 3165. A bill to reauthorize the Inter-agency Committee on Women’s Business En-terprise, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3166. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recognition of their extraordinary serv-ice during World War II; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 3167. A bill to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and main-tenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. UDALL: S. 3168. A bill to amend the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 to make Reclamation Water Settlements Fund per-manent; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , and Mr. R EED): S. 3169. A bill to establish as United States policy that, pending confirmation of the Russian Federation’s continued compliance with New START, the United States should extend New START through 2026; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mrs. FEINSTEIN ): S. 3170. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service pro-viders regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Ms. C
ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. M AR-
KEY): S. 3171. A bill to require an unclassified interagency report on the political influence operations of the Government of China and the Communist Party of China with respect to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mr. K
ING): S. 3172. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 3173. A bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to include an act of unregulated custody transfer in the definition of child abuse and neglect, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B EN-
NET, and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 3174. A bill to decriminalize marijuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 3175. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide health care, voca-tional training and rehabilitation, and mone-tary allowance to children suffering from spina bifida whose parents are veterans who served in Thailand and were exposed to her-bicide agents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. M
CCONNELL: S. 3176. A bill to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): S. 3177. A bill to amend the Financial Sta-bility Act of 2010 to include the State insur-ance commissioner as a voting member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. S
COTT, Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. N ELSON , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K ING, Mr. R EED, Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 3178. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a depri-vation of civil rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. T
OOMEY ): S. 3179. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to carry out a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to buy, sell, or facili-tate the financing of goods or services asso-ciated with sex trafficking or drug traf-ficking, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mrs. SHA-
HEEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Ms. H AS-
SAN): S. 3180. A bill to regulate certain State im-positions on interstate commerce; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 3181. A bill to direct the Secretary of De-fense to include in periodic health assess-ments, separation history and physical ex-aminations, and other assessments an eval-uation of whether a member of the Armed Forces has been exposed to open burn pits or toxic airborne chemicals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SASSE: S. 3182. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to provide for the responsi-bility of the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center to maintain capabilities to identify threats to industrial control systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mrs. E RNST , and Mrs. F
ISCHER ): S. Res. 558. A resolution designating July 30, 2018, as ‘‘National Whistleblower Appre-ciation Day’’; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. H
AR-
RIS, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. C
OONS ): S. Res. 559. A resolution recognizing the contributions of African Americans to the musical heritage of the United States and the need for greater access to music edu-cation for African-American students, and expressing support for the designation of June as African-American Music Apprecia-tion Month; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HELLER: S. Res. 560. A resolution designating the month of June 2018 as ‘‘Immigrant Heritage Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. STABENOW: S. Res. 561. A resolution designating July 15, 2018, as ‘‘National Leiomyosarcoma Awareness Day’’ and the month of July 2018 as ‘‘National Sarcoma Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. B ROWN ): S. Res. 562. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) continues to make an invaluable contribu-tion to United States and international secu-rity, 50 years after it opened for signature on July 1, 1968; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Ms. S MITH, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.070 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4735 June 28, 2018 
LEAHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. K AINE, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OONS , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. R EED, Mr. H
EINRICH , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. K
ING, Mr. J ONES , Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. Res. 563. A resolution recognizing June 2018 as ‘‘LGBTQ Pride Month’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. Res. 564. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that President Donald Trump should hold the Government of the Russian Federation accountable for its inter-ference in the 2016 United States election and ensure that the United States is pre-pared to counter future attempts at election interference; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. PERDUE: S. Res. 565. A resolution honoring the 40th anniversary of Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay in Kings Bay, Georgia; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mr. C ARPER ): S. Res. 566. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the President of the United States must immediately establish an interagency Office for Locating and Re-uniting Children with Parents in order to protect separated children from suffering ad-ditional trauma resulting from the ‘‘Zero Tolerance’’ policy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. Res. 567. A resolution celebrating the 40th anniversary of the American Homebrewers Association; considered and agreed to. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. R
ISCH, Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 568. A resolution designating June 2018 as ‘‘Great Outdoors Month’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. At the request of Mr. H
ATCH , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, supra. 
S. 486 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 486, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare com-petitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and acces-sories. S. 563 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 563, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated service during World War II. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum pe-riod, to eliminate disparities in mater-nal health outcomes for pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1121, a bill to establish a postsecondary student data system. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1212, a bill to provide family members of an indi-vidual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others, and law en-forcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1682 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1682, a bill to facilitate a na-tional pipeline of spectrum for com-mercial use, and for other purposes. 
S. 2009 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2009, a bill to require a background check for every firearm sale. S. 2060 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2060, a bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cog-nitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2095 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2095, a bill to regulate as-sault weapons, to ensure that the right to keep and bear arms is not unlimited, and for other purposes. 
S. 2131 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2131, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fur-nish medically necessary transpor-tation for newborn children of certain women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2141 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2141, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to reform proce-dures for determinations on disposition of charges and the convening of courts- martial for certain offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, and for other purposes. 
S. 2171 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2171, a bill to amend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010 to set the rate of pay for employees of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion in accordance with the General Schedule. 
S. 2358 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2358, a bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.073 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4736 June 28, 2018 
Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2521 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2521, a bill to authorize the issuance of extreme risk protection orders. 
S. 2687 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2687, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the in-dividual tax provisions of the tax re-form law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2830 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2830, a bill to reauthorize the rural emergency medical services training and equipment assistance pro-gram under section 330J of the Public Health Service Act. 
S. 3029 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3029, a bill to revise and ex-tend the Prematurity Research Expan-sion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act). 
S. 3031 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3031, a bill to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal personal property. 
S. 3040 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3040, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with respect to reporting certain positive consumer credit infor-mation to consumer reporting agen-cies, and for other purposes. 
S. 3093 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 3093, a bill to amend the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to address the protective custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes. 
S. 3151 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3151, a bill to secure the rights of public employees to organize, act concertedly, and bargain collectively, which safeguard the public interest and promote the free and unobstructed flow of commerce, and for other purposes. S. RES. 61 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 61, a resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to in-vestigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3071 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3071 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of ag-ricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3081 
At the request of Mr. J ONES , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3081 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3102 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3102 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3119 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3119 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of ag-ricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3139 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3139 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of ag-ricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3182 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3182 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 3183 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3183 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3190 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3190 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3198 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3198 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3225 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 3225 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3226 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3226 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3286 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3286 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3298 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3298 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.075 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4737 June 28, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 3324 
At the request of Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, the names of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3324 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3329 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3329 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3338 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 3338 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3340 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3340 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3341 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3341 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 3155. A bill to ban the use of ortho- phthalate chemicals as food contact substances; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce the Protect Our Food From Phthalate Contamination Act. This bill would ban chemicals called ortho-phthalates from materials that come in contact with our food, be-cause these phthalates have been found to actually leach into what we eat. Phthalates have been known to inter-fere with the body’s hormones, leading to a range of health concerns including reproductive harm. These chemicals have also been linked to learning and behavior problems in children and insu-lin resistance in adolescents and adults. According to a recent study, individ-uals who regularly eat out had 30 per-cent higher phthalate levels. The find-ings for teenagers are particularly troubling, where testing showed phthalate levels 55 percent higher than people who ate at home. Enjoying a meal out or using packaged food to pre-pare meals on a busy schedule shouldn’t come with the cost of chem-ical exposure that can cause harm. We’ve already banned certain phthalates from children’s toys due to serious health concerns, and now we need to remove the exposure through the food we eat. Phthalates can be found throughout the food supply chain, from the plastic gloves worn to handle food to the containers and wrappings used for packaging. This legislation would specifically ban the type of phthalates, ortho- phthalates, currently being used in some food production and packaging, and require that any substance used as a replacement is also safe. The bill would implement the ban over the course of two years, so that companies have time to phase out these harmful chemicals. This bill is supported by several health and consumer organizations, in-cluding the American Academy of Pe-diatrics, Breast Cancer Prevention Partners, Earthjustice, Environmental Defense Fund, Environmental Health Strategy Center, Environmental Work-ing Group, and Safer Chemicals, Healthy Families. I appreciate the support of my col-league, Senator BLUMENTHAL , who is an original cosponsor of the bill. I look forward to working with my colleagues on this important issue. Thank you Mr. President and I yield the floor. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. K ING, and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 3160. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve ac-cess to, and utilization of, bone mass measurement benefits under part B of the Medicare program by establishing a minimum payment amount under such part for bone mass measurement; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce legislation with my colleague from Maryland, Senator B
EN C
ARDIN , which would increase access to preventive bone density screenings and improve osteoporosis diagnosis and treatment in the process. We are pleased to have Senators W
ICKER , KING, and S
TABENOW as cosponsors. The public health risk of osteoporosis cannot be understated. Today, approxi-mately 54 million Americans either have osteoporosis or low bone mass, which places them at increased risk for osteoporosis. Women are dispropor-tionally affected, accounting for 71 per-cent of osteoporotic fractures and 75 percent of costs. Osteoporosis is often called ‘‘the silent disease’’ because bone loss usually occurs gradually over the years without symptoms. As the NIH Osteoporosis and Related Bone Disease National Resource Center observes, falls are especially dangerous for people who are unaware that they have low bone density. If the patient and the doctor fail to connect the bro-ken bone to osteoporosis, the chance to make a diagnosis with a bone density test and begin a prevention or treat-ment program is lost. Early diagnosis and treatment of osteoporosis are proven to dramati-cally reduce fracture rates, and appro-priate reimbursement for tests that measure bone mass and predict frac-ture risk are necessary to maintain pa-tient access to care, particularly in rural or underserved areas. Our legisla-tion, the Increasing Access to Osteoporosis Testing for Medicare Beneficiaries Act of 2018, tackles a proven barrier to proper screening by creating a floor reimbursement rate under Medicare for the dual energy X- ray absorptiometry (DXA) test, the ‘‘gold standard’’ for osteoporosis diag-nosis. Congress has twice recognized the importance of reversing Medicare cuts to DXA reimbursement in order to maintain patient access, yet the Medi-care reimbursement rate for DXA tests administered in a doctor’s office has declined from $140 in 2006 to only $42 in 2018—a dramatic 70 percent decline. The National Osteoporosis Foundation has found that declining reimburse-ment rates have created a 26 percent decline in physicians performing DXA tests since 2008, resulting in a cor-responding 22 percent decline in diag-noses since 2009. Regrettably, as a result of reduced screenings due to declining reimburse-ments, it is estimated that more than 40,000 additional hip fractures occur each year, resulting in nearly 10,000 ad-ditional hip fracture-related deaths. As osteoporosis is already under-diagnosed in the Medicare population, it is clear that we must change this trajectory. This legislation is endorsed by the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists, the National Osteoporosis Foundation, and more than forty additional national medical societies and patient advocate organi-zations. I thank Senator CARDIN for joining me in this effort to increase pa-tient access to osteoporosis screening and diagnosis, while lowering costs and consequences resulting from a lack of diagnosis. I encourage my colleagues to support its adoption. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 3162. A bill to provide oversight of the border zone in which Federal agents may conduct vehicle check-points and stops and enter private land 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.077 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4738 June 28, 2018 
without a warrant, and to make tech-nical corrections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, I am joining with Senator M
URRAY in in-troducing the Border Zone Reasonable-ness Restoration Act of 2018. This legis-lation, if enacted, will establish crit-ical privacy protections for Americans by limiting the unjustifiably wide ‘‘border zone’’ within which Depart-ment of Homeland Security officers may—without a warrant—stop vehicles and search private land for the purpose of patrolling the border. The current 100 mile ‘‘border zone’’ was established through regulatory fiat. While the Fourth Amendment al-lows limited exceptions to the warrant requirement at or close to the border, this 100 mile zone is neither limited nor reasonable. It includes marine borders. At present, it encompasses almost two- thirds of the population of the United States. This includes major cities such as New York, Seattle, Chicago, New Or-leans, and Los Angeles, even the ‘‘bor-der town’’ of Richmond, Virginia, as well as entire states such as Maine, Delaware, and Florida. The need for this legislation has never been clearer. The Trump admin-istration’s aggressive yet wasteful use of immigration enforcement resources has subjected law-abiding citizens to needless and intrusive searches at Cus-toms and Border Protection (CBP) checkpoints far from the border. Not only do these searches produce mini-mal value to border enforcement, they violate the constitutionally protected privacy of citizens and residents of bor-der regions, including in my home State of Vermont. Recently, CBP agents in Vermont have boarded Grey-hound buses in Burlington without a warrant and inquired about the citizen-ship of passengers. They have targeted international college students for ques-tioning about their legal status. In the nearby States of Maine and New Hamp-shire, they have shut down interstate highways with immigration check-points. In Montana, a CBP agent even stopped an American citizen simply for speaking Spanish. This should not be a partisan issue. This is about ensuring that every per-son in this Nation receives the con-stitutional protections to which they are entitled. Both the American Civil Liberties Union and the Cato Institute have sharply criticized these practices as problematic under the Fourth Amendment. Vermonters have rightly been concerned about these expanded border zone searches. They believe, as I do, that once inside our country the phrase ‘show me your papers’ does not belong inside the United States of America. The Border Zone Reasonableness Res-toration Act is based on an amendment that Senator M
URRAY and I success-fully attached to immigration reform legislation in 2013 during the Obama Administration. The 100 mile ‘‘border zone’’—and the similar 25 mile zone where many types of warrantless prop-erty searches are permitted—predates this current administration, but the actions of this administration have shown just how much we need legisla-tion like this today. The Fourth Amendment does not stop 100 miles from our land and sea borders. Its protections extend whether in the heart of Kansas or in the middle of Vermont. Ensuring that the protec-tions of the Fourth Amendment are available to everyone within the United States should be important to all of us, regardless of party or ide-ology. I hope all Senators will support this commonsense measure to ensure the Fourth Amendment is upheld. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 3170. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depic-tions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3170 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CyberTipline Modernization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ALTERATIONS TO REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS FOR ELECTRONIC SERVICE PROVIDERS AND REMOTE COM-PUTING SERVICE PROVIDERS. 
Section 2258A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ electronic communication service providers and remote computing service providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) D
UTY.—In order to reduce the pro-liferation of online child sexual exploitation and to prevent the online sexual exploitation of children, a provider— ‘‘(i) shall, as soon as reasonably possible after obtaining actual knowledge of any facts or circumstances described in para-graph (2)(A), take the actions described in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) may, after obtaining actual knowl-edge of any facts or circumstances described in paragraph (2)(B), take the actions de-scribed in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
CTIONS DESCRIBED .—The actions de-scribed in this subparagraph are— ‘‘(i) providing to the CyberTipline of NCMEC, or any successor to the CyberTipline operated by NCMEC, the mail-ing address, telephone number, facsimile number, electronic mailing address of, and individual point of contact for, such pro-vider; and ‘‘(ii) making a report of such facts or cir-cumstances to the CyberTipline, or any suc-cessor to the CyberTipline operated by NCMEC.’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) FACTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPARENT VIOLATIONS .—The facts or circumstances described in this subpara-graph are any facts or circumstances from which there is an apparent violation of sec-tion 2251, 2251A, 2252, 2252A, 2252B, or 2260 that involves child pornography. ‘‘(B) I
MMINENT VIOLATIONS .—The facts or circumstances described in this subpara-graph are any facts or circumstances which indicate a violation of any of the sections de-scribed in subparagraph (A) involving child pornography may be planned or imminent.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘To the extent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘In an effort to prevent the future sexual victimization of children, and to the extent’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service provider or a remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘may include’’ and insert-ing ‘‘may, at the sole discretion of the pro-vider, include’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or plans to violate’’ after ‘‘who appears to have violated’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘payment information (ex-cluding personally identifiable informa-tion),’’ after ‘‘uniform resource locator,’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service provider or a remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornog-raphy’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘content relating to the report’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘the electronic commu-nication service provider or a remote com-puting service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘the provider’’; (D) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) G
EOGRAPHIC LOCATION INFORMATION .— Information relating to the geographic loca-tion of the involved individual or website, which may include the Internet Protocol ad-dress or verified address, or, if not reason-ably available, at least one form of geo-graphic identifying information, including area code or zip code, provided by the cus-tomer or subscriber, or stored or obtained by the provider.’’; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the heading by striking ‘‘I
MAGES ’’ and inserting ‘‘V
ISUAL DEPICTIONS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘image’’ and inserting ‘‘vis-ual depiction’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘or other content’’ after ‘‘apparent child pornography’’; and (F) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘image’’ and inserting ‘‘vis-ual depiction’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘or other content’’ after ‘‘apparent child pornography’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘images’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depictions’’; (4) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) F
ORWARDING OF REPORT TO LAWEN-
FORCEMENT .—Pursuant to its clearinghouse role as a private, nonprofit organization, and at the conclusion of its review in furtherance of its nonprofit mission, NCMEC shall make available each report made under subsection (a)(1) to one or more of the following law en-forcement agencies: ‘‘(1) Any Federal law enforcement agency that is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or entice-ment crimes. ‘‘(2) Any State or local law enforcement agency that is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation. ‘‘(3) A foreign law enforcement agency des-ignated by the Attorney General under sub-section (d)(3) or a foreign law enforcement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.084 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4739 June 28, 2018 
agency that has an established relationship with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or INTERPOL, and is involved in the investiga-tion of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes.’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘shall des-ignate promptly the’’ and inserting ‘‘may designate a’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall promptly’’ and insert-ing ‘‘may’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘des-ignate the’’ and inserting ‘‘designate’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘electronic communica-tion service providers, remote computing service providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (D) by striking paragraph (5); (E) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (5); and (F) by amending paragraph (5), as so redes-ignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(5) N
OTIFICATION TO PROVIDERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—NCMEC may notify a provider of the information described in sub-paragraph (B), if— ‘‘(i) a provider notifies NCMEC that the provider is making a report under this sec-tion as the result of a request by a foreign law enforcement agency; and ‘‘(ii) NCMEC forwards the report described in clause (i) to— ‘‘(I) the requesting foreign law enforce-ment agency; or ‘‘(II) another agency in the same country designated by the Attorney General under paragraph (3) or that has an established rela-tionship with the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, or INTERPOL and is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploi-tation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes. ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The infor-mation described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) the identity of the foreign law enforce-ment agency to which the report was for-warded; and ‘‘(ii) the date on which the report was for-warded. ‘‘(C) N
OTIFICATION OF INABILITY TO FORWARD  
REPORT .—If a provider notifies NCMEC that the provider is making a report under this section as the result of a request by a foreign law enforcement agency and NCMEC is un-able to forward the report as described in subparagraph (A)(ii), NCMEC shall notify the provider that NCMEC was unable to forward the report.’’; (6) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘An elec-tronic communication service provider or re-mote computing service provider’’ and in-serting ‘‘A provider’’; (7) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘seek’’ and inserting ‘‘search, screen, or scan for’’; (8) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(vi), by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in subparagraph (A)(vi) authorizes a law enforcement agency to provide visual depictions of apparent child pornography to a provider.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR MISSING AND EX -
PLOITED CHILDREN ’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; (II) by inserting after ‘‘may disclose’’ the following: ‘‘by mail, electronic transmission, or other reasonable means,’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘only’’ and inserting ‘‘only to’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘ to any Federal law en-forcement agency’’ and inserting ‘‘any Fed-eral law enforcement agency’’; and (II) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘or that is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploi-tation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘to any State’’ and insert-ing ‘‘any State’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘child pornography, child exploitation’’ and inserting ‘‘child sexual ex-ploitation’’; (v) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘to any foreign law enforce-ment agency’’ and inserting ‘‘any foreign law enforcement agency’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘or that has an established relationship with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, or INTERPOL, and is involved in the investiga-tion of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘to an electronic commu-nication service provider or remote com-puting service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (vii) by adding after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) respond to legal process, as nec-essary.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
ERMITTED DISCLOSURE BY A PRO -
VIDER .—A provider that submits a report under subsection (a)(1) may disclose by mail, electronic transmission, or other reasonable means, information, including visual depic-tions contained in the report, in a manner consistent with permitted disclosures under paragraphs (3) through (8) of section 2702(b) only to a law enforcement agency described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (3), to NCMEC, or as necessary to respond to legal process.’’; and (9) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the notification to an elec-tronic communication service provider or a remote computing service provider by the CyberTipline of receipt of a report’’ and in-serting ‘‘a completed submission by a pro-vider of a report to the CyberTipline’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, as if such request was made pursuant to section 2703(f)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the contents provided in the report for 90 days after the submission to the CyberTipline’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (4), re-spectively; (D) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
IMAGES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
CONTENT ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service provider or a remote computing service’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘images’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depictions’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘commingled or inter-spersed among the images of apparent child pornography within a particular communica-tion or user created folder or directory’’ and inserting ‘‘reasonably accessible and may provide context or additional information about the reported material or person’’; and (E) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘An electronic communication serv-ice provider or a remote computing service’’ and inserting ‘‘A provider’’. SEC. 3. LIMITED LIABILITY FOR PROVIDERS OR DOMAIN NAME REGISTRARS. 
Section 2258B of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading— (A) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service providers, remote computing service providers,’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘registrar’’ and inserting ‘‘registrars’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service provider, remote computing service provider,’’ and inserting ‘‘a pro-vider’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such electronic commu-nication service provider, remote computing service provider,’’ and inserting ‘‘such pro-vider’’; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘elec-tronic communication service provider, re-mote computing service provider,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘provider’’; and (4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘image’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘An electronic communication service provider, a remote computing service provider,’’ and inserting ‘‘A provider’’. 
SEC. 4. USE TO COMBAT CHILD PORNOGRAPHY OF TECHNICAL ELEMENTS RELAT-ING TO REPORTS MADE TO CYBERTIPLINE. 
Section 2258C of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ to images reported to’’ and inserting ‘‘to reports made to’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornog-raphy image of an identified child’’ and in-serting ‘‘CyberTipline report’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘an electronic communica-tion service provider or a remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘that electronic commu-nication service provider or remote com-puting service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘that provider’’; and (v) by striking ‘‘further transmission of images’’ and inserting ‘‘online sexual exploi-tation of children’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘specific image, Internet location of images, and other technological elements that can be used to identify and stop the transmission of child pornography’’ and inserting ‘‘specific visual depiction, including an Internet loca-tion and any other elements provided in a CyberTipline report that can be used to iden-tify, prevent, curtail, or stop the trans-mission of child pornography and prevent the online sexual exploitation of children’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘actual images’’ and inserting ‘‘actual visual depic-tions of apparent child pornography’’; (3) in subsection (b)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.086 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4740 June 28, 2018 
(A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ electronic communication service providers and remote computing service providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (B) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘provider’’; (C) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornog-raphy image of an identified child from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘CyberTipline re-port from NCMEC’’; (D) by striking ‘‘shall not relieve that’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not relieve the’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘its reporting obligations’’ and inserting ‘‘reporting’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service providers or remote computing serv-ice providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (B) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornog-raphy image of an identified child from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘CyberTipline re-port from NCMEC’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘further transmission of the images’’ and inserting ‘‘online sexual ex-ploitation of children’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children shall’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC may’’; (B) by inserting after ‘‘local law enforce-ment’’ the following: ‘‘, and to foreign law enforcement agencies described in section 2258A(c)(3)’’; (C) by striking ‘‘investigation of child por-nography’’ and inserting ‘‘investigation of child sexual exploitation’’; (D) by striking ‘‘image of an identified child’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘reported to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘reported to the CyberTipline’’; and (6) in subsection (e)— (A) by inserting before ‘‘Federal’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘foreign,’’; (B) by striking ‘‘image of an identified child from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children under section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depiction from NCMEC under subsection (d)’’; (C) by striking ‘‘child pornography crimes’’ and inserting ‘‘child sexual exploitation crimes,’’; and (D) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and prevent future sex-ual victimization of children’’. 
SEC. 5. LIMITED LIABILITY FOR NCMEC. 
Section 2258D of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ the Na- tional Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Except as provided’’ and inserting ‘‘Pursuant to its clearinghouse role as a private, nonprofit organization and its mission to help find missing children, reduce online sexual exploitation of children and prevent future victimization, and except as provided’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; (C) by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5773)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11293)’’; (D) by striking ‘‘such center’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘from the effort’’ and in-serting ‘‘from the efforts’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘NCMEC’’; (B) by striking ‘‘such center’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5773)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11293)’’; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘image’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’. SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2258E of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) the term ‘provider’ means an elec-tronic communication service provider or re-mote computing service; and ‘‘(8) the term ‘NCMEC’ means the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children.’’. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B ENNET , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 3174. A bill to decriminalize mari-juana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3174 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Marijuana Freedom and Opportunity Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DECRIMINALIZATION OF MARIJUANA. 
(a) M ARIHUANA REMOVED FROM SCHEDULE  
OFCONTROLLED SUBSTANCES .—Subsection (c) of schedule I of section 202(c) of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘marihuana’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘tetrahydrocannabinols’’. (b) R
EMOVAL OF PROHIBITION ON IMPORT AND  E
XPORT .—Section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (B) by striking subparagraph (G); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (H) as subparagraph (G); (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (B) by striking subparagraph (G); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (H) as subparagraph (G); (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1), (2), and (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (2)’’; (4) by striking paragraph (4); and (5) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO CON-
TROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT.—The Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 102(44) (21 U.S.C. 802(44)), by striking ‘‘marihuana,’’; (2) in section 401(b) (21 U.S.C. 841(b))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (II) by striking (vii); and (III) by redesignating clause (viii) as clause (vii); (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking clause (vii); and (II) by redesignating clause (viii) as clause (vii); (iii) in subparagraph (C), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) and (B)’’; (iv) by striking subparagraph (D); (v) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D); and (vi) in subparagraph (D)(i), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C)’’; (B) by striking paragraph (4); and (C) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively; (3) in section 402(c)(2)(B) (21 U.S.C. 842(c)(2)(B)), by striking ‘‘, marihuana,’’; (4) in section 403(d)(1) (21 U.S.C. 843(d)(1)), by striking ‘‘, marihuana,’’; (5) in section 418(a) (21 U.S.C. 859(a)), by striking the last sentence; (6) in section 419(a) (21 U.S.C. 860(a)), by striking the last sentence; (7) in section 422(d) (21 U.S.C. 863(d))— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘marijuana,’’; and (B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘, such as a marihuana cigarette,’’; and (8) in section 516(d) (21 U.S.C. 886(d)), by striking ‘‘section 401(b)(6)’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘section 401(b)(5)’’. (d) OTHER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM DRUG CONTROL  
ACT OF 1986 .—The National Forest System Drug Control Act of 1986 (16 U.S.C. 559b et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 15002(a) (16 U.S.C. 559b(a)) by striking ‘‘marijuana and other’’; (B) in section 15003(2) (16 U.S.C. 559c(2)) by striking ‘‘marijuana and other’’; and (C) in section 15004(2) (16 U.S.C. 559d(2)) by striking ‘‘marijuana and other’’. (2) I
NTERCEPTION OF COMMUNICATIONS .—Sec- tion 2516 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (1)(e), by striking ‘‘mari-huana,’’; and (B) in subsection (2) by striking ‘‘mari-huana,’’. 
SEC. 3. LEVEL THE ECONOMIC PLAYING FIELD. 
(a) E STIMATE .—On an annual basis, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make a rea-sonable estimate of total tax revenue gen-erated by the marijuana industry for the pre-vious 12-month period. (b) T
RANSFER .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury shall transfer from the general fund of the Treasury to the trust fund established under subsection (c) the greater of— (1) an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount estimated under subsection (a); and (2) $10,000,000. (c) T
RUST FUND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be known as the Marijuana Opportunity Trust Fund, which shall consist of amounts transferred under subsection (b). (2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts in the trust fund established under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to provide loans under section 7(m) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) to assist— (A) small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women, as defined in section 3 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.086 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4741 June 28, 2018 
that Act (15 U.S.C. 632), that operate in the marijuana industry; and (B) small business concerns owned and con-trolled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals, as defined in section 8(d)(3)(C) of that Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C)), that operate in the marijuana industry. 
SEC. 4. HIGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH. 
(a) S TUDY ; DEVELOPMENT .—The Adminis-trator of the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall— (1) carry out a study of the impact of driv-ing under the influence of tetrahydrocannabinol on highway safety; and (2) develop enhanced strategies and proce-dures to reliably determine the impairment of a driver under the influence of tetrahydrocannabinol. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out this section $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. 
SEC. 5. PUBLIC HEALTH RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Director of the National Institutes of Health and the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall conduct research on the impacts of marijuana, including— (1) effects of tetrahydrocannabinol on the human brain; (2) efficacy of medicinal marijuana as a treatment for specific diseases and condi-tions; and (3) identification of additional medical benefits and uses of cannabis. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, for purposes of carrying out the activities described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 6. PROTECT KIDS. 
The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the Department of the Treasury shall promulgate regulations that— (1) require restrictions on the advertising and promotion of products related to mari-juana, if the Secretary determines that such regulation would be appropriate for the pro-tection of the public health, taking into ac-count— (A) the risks and benefits to the population of individuals age 18 and under, including users and nonusers of marijuana products; (B) the increased or decreased likelihood that existing users of marijuana products who are age 18 and under will stop using such products; and (C) the increased or decreased likelihood that those age 18 and under who do not use marijuana products will start using such products; and (2) impose restrictions on the advertising and promotion of products related to mari-juana consistent with and to the full extent permitted by the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. 
SEC. 7. GRANTS FOR EXPUNGEMENT OF MARI-JUANA CONVICTIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General to award grants to States and units of local government for the purpose of administering, expanding, or de-veloping expungement or sealing programs for convictions of possession of marijuana $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 with not less than 50 percent of those funds being directed to cover the cost of public defenders or legal aid providers. 
SEC. 8. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or an amendment made by this Act, may be construed to mod-ify the authority of the Federal Government to prevent marijuana trafficking from States that have legalized marijuana to those that have not. By Mr. M CCONNELL: S. 3176. A bill to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monu-ment in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3176 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument, Nancy, Kentucky’’, numbered 297/145513, and dated June 2018. (2) M
ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument established by section 3(a)(1). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF MILL SPRINGS BAT-TLEFIELD NATIONAL MONUMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), there is established as a unit of the National Park System, the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Ken-tucky, to preserve, protect, and interpret for the benefit of present and future genera-tions— (A) the nationally significant historic re-sources of the Mill Springs Battlefield; and (B) the role of the Mill Springs Battlefield in the Civil War. (2) D
ETERMINATION BY THE SECRETARY .—The Monument shall not be established until the date on which the Secretary determines that a sufficient quantity of land or interests in land has been acquired to constitute a man-ageable park unit. (3) N
OTICE .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary makes a de-termination under paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall publish in the Federal Register notice of the establishment of the Monu-ment. (4) B
OUNDARY .—The boundary of the Monu-ment shall be as generally depicted on the Map. (5) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP .—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (6) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may only acquire land or an interest in land located within the boundary of the Monu-ment by— (A) donation; (B) purchase with donated funds; or (C) exchange. (b) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the Monument in accordance with— (A) this Act; and (B) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including— (i) section 100101(a), chapter 1003, and sec-tions 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101 of title 54, United States Code; and (ii) chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (2) MANAGEMENT PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available to prepare a general management plan for the Monument, the Secretary shall prepare the general management plan in ac-cordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (B) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—On comple-tion of the general management plan, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the gen-eral management plan. (c) P
RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .—Noth- ing in this Act affects the land use rights of private property owners within or adjacent to the Monument. (d) N
OBUFFER ZONES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Monument, or the man-agement of the Monument creates a buffer zone outside the Monument. (2) A
CTIVITY OR USE OUTSIDE MONUMENT .— The fact that an activity or use can be seen, heard, or detected from within the Monu-ment shall not preclude the conduct of the activity or use outside the Monument. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 558—DESIG-NATING JULY 30, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL WHISTLEBLOWER AP-PRECIATION DAY’’ Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. T ILLIS , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. E
RNST , and Mrs. F ISCHER ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 558 Whereas, in 1777, before the passage of the Bill of Rights, 10 sailors and marines blew the whistle on fraud and misconduct that was harmful to the United States; Whereas the Founding Fathers unani-mously supported the whistleblowers in words and deeds, including by releasing gov-ernment records and providing monetary as-sistance for the reasonable legal expenses necessary to prevent retaliation against the whistleblowers; Whereas, on July 30, 1778, in demonstration of their full support for whistleblowers, the members of the Continental Congress unani-mously enacted the first whistleblower legis-lation in the United States that read: ‘‘ Re- solved, That it is the duty of all persons in the service of the United States, as well as all other the inhabitants thereof, to give the earliest information to Congress or other proper authority of any misconduct, frauds or misdemeanors committed by any officers or persons in the service of these states, which may come to their knowledge’’ (legis-lation of July 30, 1778, reprinted in Journals of the Continental Congress, 1774–1789, ed. Worthington C. Ford et al. (Washington, DC, 1904–37), 11:732); Whereas whistleblowers risk their careers, jobs, and reputations by reporting waste, fraud, and abuse to the proper authorities; Whereas, in providing the proper authori-ties with lawful disclosures, whistleblowers save the taxpayers of the United States bil-lions of dollars each year and serve the pub-lic interest by ensuring that the United States remains an ethical and safe place; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.087 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4742 June 28, 2018 
Whereas it is the public policy of the United States to encourage, in accordance with Federal law (including the Constitution of the United States, rules, and regulations) and consistent with the protection of classi-fied information (including sources and methods of detection of classified informa-tion), honest and good faith reporting of mis-conduct, fraud, misdemeanors, and other crimes to the appropriate authority at the earliest time possible: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates July 30, 2018, as ‘‘National Whistleblower Appreciation Day’’; and (2) ensures that the Federal Government implements the intent of the Founding Fa-thers, as reflected in the legislation enacted on July 30, 1778, by encouraging each execu-tive agency to recognize National Whistle-blower Appreciation Day by— (A) informing employees, contractors working on behalf of United States tax-payers, and members of the public about the legal right of a United States citizen to ‘‘blow the whistle’’ to the appropriate au-thority by honest and good faith reporting of misconduct, fraud, misdemeanors, or other crimes; and (B) acknowledging the contributions of whistleblowers to combating waste, fraud, abuse, and violations of laws and regulations of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 559—RECOG-NIZING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF AFRICAN AMERICANS TO THE MUSICAL HERITAGE OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE NEED FOR GREATER ACCESS TO MUSIC EDUCATION FOR AFRICAN-AMER-ICAN STUDENTS, AND EXPRESS-ING SUPPORT FOR THE DES-IGNATION OF JUNE AS AFRICAN- AMERICAN MUSIC APPRECIATION MONTH Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. H
AR-
RIS, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 559 Whereas spirituals, ragtime, blues, jazz, gospel, classical composition, and countless other categories of music have been created or enhanced by African Americans, and are etched into the history and culture of the United States; Whereas the first Africans transported to the United States came from a variety of ethnic groups with a long history of distinct and cultivated musical traditions, brought musical instruments with them, and built new musical instruments in the United States; Whereas spirituals were a distinct response to the conditions in the United States, and expressed the longing of slaves for spiritual and bodily freedom, for safety from harm and evil, and for relief from the hardships of slavery; Whereas jazz, arguably the most creative and complex music that the United States has produced, combines the musical tradi-tions of African Americans in New Orleans with the creative flexibility of blues music; Whereas masterful trumpeters Louis Arm-strong and Miles Davis achieved national and international recognition with the suc-cess of ‘‘West End Blues’’ by Louis Arm-strong in the 1920s and ‘‘So What’’ by Miles Davis in the late 1950s; Whereas talented jazz pianist and vocalist Nathaniel Adams Coles recorded more than 150 singles and sold more than 50 million records; Whereas the talent of Ella Fitzgerald, win-ner of 13 Grammys, is epitomized by a ren-dition of ‘‘Summertime’’, a bluesy record ac-companied by melodic vocals; Whereas Natalie Cole, the daughter of Na-thaniel Adams Coles, achieved musical suc-cess in the mid-1970s as a rhythm and blues artist with the hits ‘‘This Will Be’’ and ‘‘Un-forgettable’’; Whereas in the 1940s bebop evolved through jam sessions, which included trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and the alto saxophonist Charlie Parker, that were held at clubs in Harlem, New York, such as Minton’s Play-house; Whereas earlier classical singers such as Elizabeth Taylor Greenfield, one of the first widely known African-American vocalists, and other early African-American singing pioneers, including Nellie Mitchell Brown, Marie Selika Williams, Rachel Walker Tur-ner, Marian Anderson, and Flora Batson Ber-gen paved the way for female African-Amer-ican concert singers who have achieved great popularity during the last 50 years; Whereas the term ‘‘rhythm and blues’’ originated in the late 1940s as a way to de-scribe recordings marketed to African Amer-icans and replaced the term ‘‘race music’’; Whereas lyrical themes in rhythm and blues often encapsulate the African-Amer-ican experience of pain, the quest for free-dom, joy, triumphs and failures, relation-ships, economics, and aspiration, and were popularized by artists such as Ray Charles, Ruth Brown, Etta James, and Otis Redding; Whereas soul music originated in the Afri-can-American community in the late 1950s and early 1960s and combines elements of Af-rican-American gospel music, rhythm and blues, and jazz, and was popularized by art-ists such as James Brown, Ray Charles, Sam Cooke, and Jackie Wilson; Whereas in the early 1970s the musical style of disco emerged and was popularized by programs such as Soul Train and by art-ists such as Donna Summer and Tower of Power; Whereas reggae is a genre of music that originated in Jamaica in the late 1960s and incorporates some of the musical elements of rhythm and blues, jazz, mento, calypso, and African music, and was popularized by art-ists such as Bob Marley; Whereas rock and roll was developed from African-American musical styles such as gospel and rhythm and blues, and was popu-larized by artists such as Chuck Berry, Bo Diddley, and Jimi Hendrix; Whereas rap, arguably the most complex and influential form of hip-hop culture, com-bines elements of the African-American mu-sical tradition (blues, jazz, and soul) with Caribbean calypso, dub, and dance hall reggae; Whereas the development and popularity of old style rap combined confident beats with wordplay and storytelling, highlighting the struggle of African-American youth growing up in struggling neighborhoods; Whereas contemporary rhythm and blues, which originated in the late 1970s and com-bines elements of pop, rhythm and blues, soul, funk, hip hop, gospel, and electronic dance music was popularized by artists such as Whitney Houston and Aaliyah; Whereas Michael Jackson, one of the most popular entertainers of all time, profoundly shaped music, dance, fashion, and popular culture around the world; Whereas Prince Rogers Nelson, who was known for electric performances and wide vocal range, pioneered music that integrated a wide variety of styles, including funk, rock, contemporary rhythm and blues, new wave, soul, psychedelia, and pop; Whereas a recent study by the Department of Education found that only 28 percent of African-American students receive any kind of arts education; Whereas African-American students scored the lowest of all ethnicities in the most re-cent National Assessment for Educational Progress arts assessment; Whereas students who are eligible for the school lunch program established under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) have significantly lower scores on the music portion of the Na-tional Assessment for Educational Progress arts assessment than students that are ineli-gible for that program, which suggests that students in low-income families are dis-advantaged in the subject of music; Whereas a recent study showed that nearly 2⁄3of music ensemble students were Cauca-sian and middle class and only 15 percent were African-American; Whereas the same study found that only 7 percent of music teacher licensure can-didates were African-American; and Whereas minority students face many bar-riers to accessing musical training, espe-cially students in large urban public schools: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes— (1) the contributions of African Americans to the musical heritage of the United States; (2) the wide array of talented and popular African-American musical artists, com-posers, songwriters, and musicians who are underrecognized for contributions to music; (3) the achievements, talent, and hard work of African-American pioneer artists, and the obstacles that those artists over-came to gain recognition; (4) the need for African-American students to have greater access to and participation in music education in schools across the United States; and (5) Black History Month and African- American Music Appreciation Month as an important time— (A) to celebrate the impact of the African- American musical heritage on the musical heritage of the United States; and (B) to encourage greater access to music education so that the next generation may continue to greatly contribute to the musi-cal heritage of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 560—DESIG-NATING THE MONTH OF JUNE 2018 AS ‘‘IMMIGRANT HERITAGE MONTH’’ Mr. HELLER submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 560 Whereas the United States has a rich his-tory because the United States has always been a country of immigrants; Whereas the diverse heritage of the United States is one of the defining aspects of the country’s success story; Whereas generations of immigrants from every corner of the globe have helped build the economy of the United States and cre-ated the unique character of the country; Whereas the United States has long served as a melting pot of cultural diversity; Whereas immigrants continue to grow businesses, innovate, strengthen the econ-omy, and create jobs for people in the United States; and Whereas many immigrants are entre-preneurs and business owners: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.088 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4743 June 28, 2018 
(1) designates June 2018 as ‘‘Immigrant Heritage Month’’; (2) recognizes the significance of Immi-grant Heritage Month as an important time to celebrate the contributions of immigrants to the history of the United States; and (3) urges the people of the United States to observe Immigrant Heritage Month with ap-propriate programs and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 561—DESIG-NATING JULY 15, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL LEIOMYOSARCOMA AWARENESS DAY’’ AND THE MONTH OF JULY 2018 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL SARCOMA AWARENESS MONTH’’ Ms. STABENOW submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 561 Whereas sarcoma is a rare type of cancer that arises in the connective tissue of the body and accounts for approximately 1 per-cent of all newly diagnosed cancers; Whereas the National Institutes of Health designates sarcoma as a rare form of cancer, and sarcoma contains approximately 70 dif-ferent subtypes; Whereas sarcomas are largely resistant to current chemotherapy agents, immunotherapy agents, and radiation thera-pies, posing a formidable challenge for re-searchers and specialists; Whereas sarcoma subtypes largely have not benefitted from immunotherapies be-cause of the complexity of the DNA, genomes, and mutations associated with the many variations in the sarcoma subtype landscape; Whereas leiomyosarcoma (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘LMS’’) is a malignant, ag-gressive subtype of sarcoma derived from smooth muscle cells typically of uterine, gastrointestinal, or soft tissue origin, and can metastasize to the bone, spine, brain, and liver; Whereas the National Institutes of Health classifies LMS as a rare disease, accounting for approximately 15 percent of all sarcomas, and LMS itself encompasses at least 4 dif-ferent LMS subtypes; Whereas LMS primarily affects adults without regard to gender, research and clin-ical trials remain complicated, and survival and longevity remain difficult; Whereas multidisciplinary care coordina-tion teams, because of their expertise and ex-perience, are critical to the health of sar-coma and LMS patients; Whereas sarcoma and LMS research will allow medical professionals to improve the quality of care for affected patients, lead to better clinical outcomes, and promote longer survival for patients; and Whereas increased education and aware-ness about sarcoma and LMS will contribute to the well-being of the communities of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates July 15, 2018, as ‘‘National Leiomyosarcoma Awareness Day’’; (2) designates the month of July 2018 as ‘‘National Sarcoma Awareness Month’’; (3) recognizes the challenges faced by sar-coma and leiomyosarcoma patients; and (4) commends the dedication of organiza-tions, volunteers, researchers, and caregivers across the country working to improve the quality of life of sarcoma and Leiomyosarcoma patients and their families. SENATE RESOLUTION 562—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE TREATY ON THE NON-PROLIFERATION OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS (NPT) CON-TINUES TO MAKE AN INVALU-ABLE CONTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES AND INTERNATIONAL SECURITY, 50 YEARS AFTER IT OPENED FOR SIGNATURE ON JULY 1, 1968 Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. D URBIN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. M AR-
KEY, and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 562 Whereas the Treaty on the Non-Prolifera-tion of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) opened for signature 50 years ago on July 1, 1968; Whereas the United States and former So-viet Union averted a catastrophic nuclear ex-change during the October 1962 Cuban Mis-sile Crisis, which led to a series of bilateral and multilateral agreements to lessen the chance of nuclear war, including the NPT; Whereas President John F. Kennedy pre-dicted in 1963 that as many as 25 countries would acquire nuclear weapons by 1970 ab-sent a treaty to control nuclear weapons; Whereas the United States Senate provided its advice and consent to the NPT on March 13, 1969, with a vote on ratification of 83 to 15; Whereas the NPT has grown to include 191 State Parties, making an irreplaceable con-tribution to United States national and international security by preventing the spread of nuclear weapons; Whereas Article III of the NPT obligates each non-nuclear weapon state to the NPT to conclude a Safeguards Agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to verify treaty compliance, 174 of which are Comprehensive Safeguards Agreements crafted to detect the diversion of nuclear materials from peaceful to non-peaceful uses; Whereas the 2018 Department of Defense Nuclear Posture Review affirms, ‘‘The Nu-clear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) is a cornerstone of the nuclear nonproliferation regime. It plays a positive role in building consensus for non-proliferation and enhances international efforts to impose costs on those that would pursue nuclear weapons outside the Treaty.’’; Whereas the success of the NPT has and will continue to depend upon the full imple-mentation by all States Parties of the Trea-ty’s three mutually reinforcing pillars: non-proliferation, access to peaceful uses of nu-clear energy, and disarmament; Whereas over the past half century, the United States has exhibited leadership in strengthening each of the NPT’s three pillars for the global good, including— (1) reducing its nuclear weapons stockpile of more than 85 percent from its Cold War heights of 31,225 in parallel with equally massive reductions of Russia’s stockpile through bilateral coordination; (2) cooperating with Kazakhstan, Ukraine, and Belarus—to facilitate the surrender of nuclear weapons on their soil after the fall of the Soviet Union—leading to each country’s accession to the NPT as non-nuclear weap-ons states; (3) providing voluntary contributions to the IAEA Peaceful Uses Initiative exceeded more than $320,000,000 since 2010 to help in the treatment of cancer and in other life-sav-ing applications; and (4) extending deterrence to United States allies in the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO), Japan, and the Republic of Korea—which is an unmistakable demonstra-tion of the United States commitment to collective security; Whereas heightened geopolitical tensions in recent years have made cooperation on nonproliferation and arms control issues with the Russian Federation more chal-lenging; Whereas a range of actions by the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation has led to a deterioration in bilateral relations with the United States, including Russia’s brazen in-terference in the 2016 United States presi-dential elections, its violation of the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Intermediate- Range and Shorter-Range Missiles (com-monly known as the ‘‘INF Treaty’’), signed at Washington, D.C., December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988 , its illegal an-nexation of Crimea, its invasion of Eastern Ukraine, and its destabilizing actions in Syria; and Whereas within a difficult environment, preserving agreements that continue to con-tribute to United States and global security, particularly the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federa-tion on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed April 8, 2010, and entered into force February 5, 2011 (commonly known as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’), is all the more es-sential, and that to that end, the Depart-ment of State confirmed in February 2018 that Russia had met New START’s Central Treaty Limits and stated that ‘‘implementa-tion of the New START Treaty enhances the safety and security of the United States’’: Now, therefore be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) any United States negotiated agree-ment with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) on denuclearization must require it to return to the NPT as a Party in good standing; (2) the United States must maintain sup-port for the IAEA through its assessed and voluntary contributions and promote the universal adoption of the IAEA Additional Protocol; (3) the United States and its allies should pursue diplomatic efforts to ensure that the Islamic Republic of Iran remains in compli-ance with the NPT, as the 2016 and 2017 Re-ports on Adherence to and Compliance with Arms Control, Nonproliferation, and Disar-mament Agreements and Commitments both affirmed; (4) the United States should enter into ne-gotiations on the extension of the New START Treaty until 2026, which would make any current or future Russian strategic sys-tems of a range greater than 5,500 kilometers accountable under the Treaty; (5) the United States should work to re-solve Russia’s violation of the INF Treaty; (6) all countries who have yet to ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, done at New York September 10, 1996, includ-ing the United States, should venture to cre-ate the conditions that allow for entry-into- force of the Treaty, and should observe a moratorium on nuclear testing until that time; and (7) the United States Government should continue to encourage opportunities for co-operation with other nuclear possessing states to reduce the salience, number, and role of nuclear weapons in global military strategies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.090 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4744 June 28, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 563—RECOG-NIZING JUNE 2018 AS ‘‘LGBTQ PRIDE MONTH’’ Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Ms. S MITH, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. K AINE, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OONS , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. R EED, Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C
ARDIN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Ms. H IRONO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. K ING, Mr. J ONES , Mr. T
ESTER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 563 Whereas individuals who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘LGBTQ’’) include indi-viduals from all States and the District of Columbia and all faiths, races, national ori-gins, socioeconomic statuses, education lev-els, and political beliefs; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States have made, and continue to make, vital contributions to the United States and to the world in every aspect, including in the fields of education, law, health, business, science, research, economic development, ar-chitecture, fashion, sports, government, music, film, politics, technology, literature, and civil rights; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States serve as law enforcement officers, firefighters, and first responders in all States and the District of Columbia; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States serve, and have served, the United States Army, Coast Guard, Navy, Air Force, and Marines, honorably and with distinction and bravery; Whereas an estimated number of more than 100,000 brave men and women were dis-charged from the Armed Forces of the United States between the beginning of World War II and 2011 because of their sexual orientation, including the discharge of more than 13,000 men and women under the ‘‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell’’ policy in place between 1994 and 2011; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States serve, and have served, in positions in the Federal Government and State and local governments, including as members of Con-gress, Governors, mayors, and city council members; Whereas, throughout much of the history of the United States, same-sex relationships were criminalized in many States and many LGBTQ people in the United States were forced to hide their LGBTQ identities while living in secrecy and fear; Whereas, on June 26, 2015, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled in Obergefell v. Hodges, 135 S. Ct. 2584, that same-sex cou-ples have a constitutional right to marry and acknowledged that ‘‘[n]o union is more profound than marriage, for it embodies the highest ideals of love, fidelity, devotion, sac-rifice, and family.’’ ; Whereas Acquired Immunodeficiency Syn-drome (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘AIDS’’) has disproportionately impacted LGBTQ people in the United States partly caused by a lack of funding and research de-voted to finding effective treatment for AIDS and the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘HIV’’) during the early stages of the HIV and AIDS epidemic; Whereas gay and bisexual men and transgender women of color have a higher risk of contracting HIV; Whereas the LGBTQ community has main-tained its unwavering commitment to ending the HIV and AIDS epidemic; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States face disparities in employment, healthcare, education, housing, and many other areas central to the pursuit of happi-ness in the United States; Whereas 30 States have no explicit ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity in the workplace, hous-ing, or public accommodations, and 35 States have no explicit ban on discrimination against LGBTQ individuals in education; Whereas LGBTQ youth are at increased risk of suicide, homelessness, and becoming victims of bullying and violence; Whereas the LGBTQ community has faced discrimination, inequality, and violence throughout the history of the United States; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States, in particular transgender individuals, face a disproportionately high risk of becom-ing victims of violent hate crimes; Whereas members of the LGBTQ commu-nity have been targeted in acts of mass vio-lence, including— (1) the Pulse nightclub shooting in Or-lando, Florida on June 12, 2016, where 49 peo-ple were killed; and (2) the arson attack at the UpStairs Lounge in New Orleans, Louisiana on June 24, 1973, where 32 people died; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States face persecution, violence, and death in many parts of the world, including State- sponsored violence; Whereas, in 2017 alone, hundreds of LGBTQ people around the world were arrested be-cause of their actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in countries and territories such as Chechnya, Indonesia, and Bangladesh; Whereas the LGBTQ community has gath-ered in some of the most dangerous places in the world to hold Pride festivals and marches, despite threats of violence or ar-rest; Whereas, in 2009, President Barack Obama signed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act (divi-sion E of Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2835) into law to protect all people in the United States from crimes motivated by the actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity of an individual; Whereas the demonstrators who protested on June 28, 1969, following a law enforcement raid of the Stonewall Inn, an LGBTQ club in New York City, are pioneers of the LGBTQ movement for equality; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States have fought for equal treatment, dig-nity, and respect; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States have achieved significant milestones, ensuring that future generations of LGBTQ people in the United States will enjoy a more equal and just society; Whereas, despite being marginalized throughout the history of the United States, LGBTQ people in the United States continue to celebrate their identities, love, and con-tributions to the United States in various expressions of Pride; and Whereas the inclusion of LGBTQ people in the United States continues to expand every day and LGBTQ people in the United States remain determined to pursue equality, re-spect, and inclusion for all individuals re-gardless of sexual orientation or gender iden-tity: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the rights, freedoms, and equal treatment of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (referred to in this resolving clause as ‘‘LGBTQ’’) people in the United States and around the world; (2) acknowledges that LGBTQ rights are human rights that are to be protected by the United States Constitution and numerous international treaties and conventions; (3) commits to ensuring the equal treat-ment of all people in the United States, re-gardless of sexual orientation and gender identity; (4) commits to ensuring that the United States remains a beacon of hope for the equal treatment of people around the world, including LGBTQ individuals; and (5) encourages the celebration of June as ‘‘LGBTQ Pride Month’’ in order to provide a lasting opportunity for all people in the United States to learn about the discrimina-tion and inequality that the LGBTQ commu-nity endured, and continues to endure, and to celebrate the contributions of the LGBTQ community throughout the history of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 564—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT PRESIDENT DON-ALD TRUMP SHOULD HOLD THE GOVERNMENT OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION ACCOUNTABLE FOR ITS INTERFERENCE IN THE 2016 UNITED STATES ELECTION AND ENSURE THAT THE UNITED STATES IS PREPARED TO COUNTER FUTURE ATTEMPTS AT ELECTION INTERFERENCE Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 564 Whereas it is the unanimous opinion of the United States intelligence community under both the Administration of President Barack Obama and the Administration of President Donald Trump that the Government of the Russian Federation interfered in the 2016 United States election; and Whereas it is the unanimous opinion of the intelligence community that the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation will inter-fere in the 2018 United States election and in future elections of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that President Donald Trump— (1) should use every opportunity and every tool at his disposal, including the upcoming summit with the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin, to hold the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation account-able for its attempts to undermine democ-racy in the United States and abroad; (2) should ensure that the United States Government is prepared to counter future at-tempts to interfere in United States elec-tions; and (3) must clarify to President Putin that if the Government of the Russian Federation continues to interfere with democracy in the United States, it does so at its own peril. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.090 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4745 June 28, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 565—HON-ORING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF NAVAL SUBMARINE BASE KINGS BAY IN KINGS BAY, GEOR-GIA Mr. PERDUE submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 565 Whereas, in 1954, the Department of the Army began to acquire land at Kings Bay, Georgia, to build a military ocean terminal to ship ammunition in case of a national emergency; Whereas the facility at Kings Bay, Geor-gia, was completed in 1958, but since there was no immediate operational need for the installation, the base was placed in an inac-tive ready status; Whereas, in 1975, during treaty negotia-tions between the United States and Spain, the countries agreed to move Submarine Squadron 16, the fleet ballistic missile sub-marine squadron, from its operational base at Rota, Spain; Whereas, after evaluating more than 60 sites along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts, the Department of the Navy selected Kings Bay, Georgia, as the new home of Submarine Squadron 16; Whereas, from January to July 1978, the first group of sailors arrived at Kings Bay, Georgia, to transfer the base from the De-partment of the Army to the Department of the Navy; Whereas the Naval Submarine Support Base Kings Bay was established in a develop-mental status on July 1, 1978; Whereas construction of Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay was the largest peacetime construction program ever undertaken by the Department of the Navy; Whereas, in May 1979, the Department of the Navy selected Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay as the preferred East Coast site for Ohio-class submarines; Whereas, on October 23, 1980, the Secretary of the Navy announced Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay as the future home of the new Ohio-class submarine; Whereas, on January 15, 1989, the first Tri-dent ballistic missile submarine, the USS Tennessee (SSBN 734), arrived at Naval Sub-marine Base Kings Bay; Whereas the Coast Guard commissioned the successful Maritime Force Protection Unit, the first of its kind, on July 24, 2007, at Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay to provide enhanced security for the SSBN fleet of the United States within the homeport transit area; Whereas Camden County, Georgia, is home to 1 of 6 Coast Guard Atlantic Area Maritime Safety and Security Teams that conduct missions including counter-drug and migrant interdiction boardings and escorts for high- capacity passenger vessels; Whereas Marine Corps Security Force Bat-talion Kings Bay secures strategic assets within the Strategic Weapons Facility At-lantic area of responsibility in order to pre-vent unauthorized access or loss of control; Whereas Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay was named the top military installation in the Department of Defense for 2007, receiving the Commander-in-Chief’s Installation Ex-cellence Award for its ability to sustain its mission, increase productivity, and enhance quality of life; Whereas Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay is the state-of-the-art home to the Trident II Submarines of the Atlantic Fleet in St. Marys, Georgia; Whereas Submarine Group 10 exercises operational and administrative control of Ohio-class ballistic missile submarines and guided missile submarines stationed at Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay; Whereas 6 ballistic missile submarines make up Submarine Squadron 20 and are cur-rently assigned to Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay: USS Maryland (SSBN 738), USS Rhode Island (SSBN 740), USS Tennessee (SSBN 734), USS West Virginia (SSBN 736), USS Wyoming (SSBN 742), and USS Alaska (SSBN 732); Whereas 2 guided missile submarines make up Submarine Squadron 16 and are currently assigned to Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay: USS Florida (SSGN 728) and USS Geor-gia (SSGN 729); Whereas the Department of the Navy stores the strategic assets of the United States at the Strategic Weapons Facilities at Kings Bay, Georgia, which is 1 of only 2 remaining naval nuclear weapon storage sites in the United States; Whereas the Strategic Weapons Facility Atlantic is responsible for assembling the D– 5 missile and processing missile guidance and launcher subsystem components for the ballistic missile submarine fleet; Whereas the Naval Submarine Support Center provides critical support services to the submarines and staffs of Submarine Squadron 16, Submarine Squadron 20, and all visiting and other assigned units, which al-lows the team at Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay to work efficiently and effec-tively; Whereas the D–5 ballistic missile is the heart of the Trident weapons system of the United States; Whereas the D–5 Life Extension Program of the Department of the Navy will extend the life of the D–5 missiles until 2040; Whereas the Trident Refit Facility pro-vides timely and top-quality industrial and logistics support to Trident ballistic missile submarines of the United States; Whereas the Trident Training Facility trains sailors in the skills necessary to oper-ate and maintain Trident submarines and systems; Whereas one of the largest covered dry docks of the Northern Hemisphere is located at Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay; Whereas construction of not less than 12 Columbia-class submarines is scheduled to begin in 2021, with the first submarine slated to be fully operable by 2031; Whereas Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay is responsible for $1,142,000,000 in total eco-nomic output to the Camden County area; and Whereas The Camden Partnership has sup-ported Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay since its inception, and continues to promote the ability of the base to conduct current and future missions, and the ability of the community to provide a highly qualified workforce: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay on its 40th anniversary; (2) commends the thousands of men and women who have worked and trained at Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay; (3) honors the people of Camden County and the Georgia coastal communities for their continued support of Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay; and (4) looks forward to Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay continuing its instrumental role in the strategic deterrence and national de-fense of the United States. SENATE RESOLUTION 566—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES MUST IMMEDIATELY ESTABLISH AN INTERAGENCY OFFICE FOR LO-CATING AND REUNITING CHIL-DREN WITH PARENTS IN ORDER TO PROTECT SEPARATED CHIL-DREN FROM SUFFERING ADDI-TIONAL TRAUMA RESULTING FROM THE ‘‘ZERO TOLERANCE’’ POLICY Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 566 Whereas families belong together, and in-nocent children must be quickly and safely reunited with their parents who are seeking asylum; Whereas children and parents are sepa-rated between 3 different Federal agencies and remain in an indefinite logistical chaos partly due to inadequate interagency com-munication; and Whereas the Department of Health and Human Services has currently identified 2,047 children in the Department’s custody as a result of being taken away from their par-ents: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services must imme-diately establish an interagency Office for Locating and Reuniting Children with Par-ents; (2) the Secretary of Health and Human Services must appoint a Director for the Of-fice to ensure the successful and safe reunifi-cation of children with their parents; and (3) the Office must move with extraor-dinary speed and urgency to safely reunify children with their parents. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 567—CELE-BRATING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE AMERICAN HOMEBREWERS ASSOCIATION Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 567 Whereas on October 14, 1978, President Jimmy Carter signed into law Public Law 95– 458, which legalized homebrewing under Fed-eral law effective February 1, 1979; Whereas on December 7, 1978, the following 2 intrepid individuals founded the American Homebrewers Association in Boulder, Colo-rado: (1) Charlie Papazian, author of the seminal book on homebrewing entitled ‘‘The Com-plete Joy of Homebrewing’’; and (2) Charlie Matzen; Whereas the mission of the American Homebrewers Association is to promote the community of homebrewers and empower homebrewers to make the best beer in the world; Whereas because alcohol is predominately regulated by individual States, the American Homebrewers Association has worked dili-gently and successfully from the inception of the association until 2013— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.094 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4746 June 28, 2018 
(1) to ensure that homebrewing is a legal activity in each State and the District of Co-lumbia; and (2) to assist with drafting and advocating for State legislation relating to homebrewing across the United States; Whereas homebrewing added $756,000,000 to the economy of the United States in 2017, and created 6,983 full time jobs in the United States in 2017; Whereas the American Homebrewers Asso-ciation has more than 45,000 members; Whereas the American Homebrewers Asso-ciation represents a vibrant community of 1,100,000 homebrewers in the United States who brew 1,400,000 barrels of beer each year; Whereas that community includes Presi-dent Barack Obama and would have included Presidents George Washington, Thomas Jef-ferson, and James Madison; Whereas the American Homebrewers Asso-ciation hosts— (1) the National Homebrewers Conference, also known as ‘‘Homebrew Con’’, which— (A) has as many as 3,000 attendees annu-ally; (B) has been taking place for 40 years; and (C) will be held this year in Portland, Or-egon, from June 28 through June 30, and will feature 66 informational sessions, 92 speakers, and over 50 homebrew clubs; (2) the National Homebrew Competition, the largest beer competition in the world, which has been taking place for 40 years and during which 143,240 brews have been judged; (3) ‘‘Big Brew for National Homebrew Day’’, which— (A) is held on the first Saturday of each May to commemorate the anniversary of the designation by Congress in 1988 of May 7 as ‘‘National Homebrew Day’’; and (B) includes more than 350 events with 7,500 participants brewing more than 19,000 gallons of beer across the world; (4) ‘‘Learn to Homebrew Day’’, which is held the first Saturday of each November and was established in 1999 to encourage homebrewers to introduce friends and family to homebrewing; (5) rallies across the United States that offer homebrewers the chance to connect with commercial craft brewers and other beer enthusiasts and homebrewers in the area; (6) the Great American Beer Festival Pro- Am Competition, which has been taking place for 13 years and involves award-win-ning American Homebrewers Association homebrewers teaming up with Brewers Asso-ciation member brewers; and (7) the Hill Staff Homebrew Competition, which encourages bipartisan participation in celebrating homebrewing and the rich his-tory of homebrewing in the United States; Whereas the American Homebrewers Asso-ciation publishes a magazine entitled ‘‘Zy-murgy’’ 6 times a year that is circulated to 53,000 people per issue; Whereas the American Homebrewers Asso-ciation provides support to more than— (1) 700 local homebrew supply shops in the United States; and (2) 1,500 homebrew clubs in the United States and around the world; Whereas the American Homebrewers Asso-ciation is a predecessor to, and currently a division of, the Brewers Association, a trade group in the United States that represents and protects small and independent domestic brewers, the craft beers made by those brew-ers, and the community of brewing enthu-siasts in the United States; Whereas in 1982 the American Homebrewers Association presented the first Great American Beer Festival, which is cur-rently hosted by the Brewers Association and represents the largest collection of United States beer ever served; and Whereas the American Homebrewers Asso-ciation and its members have contributed to the rise of the craft brewing industry, which— (1) is now larger than the industry has ever been in the history of the United States; and (2) consists of more than 6,000 small and independent breweries located across the United States that are helping to reinvigo-rate local economies: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the American Homebrewers Association and joins its members, staff, and other beer enthusiasts in celebrating the 40th anniversary of the American Homebrewers Association; (2) congratulates the American Homebrewers Association and its members for leading the renaissance of craft beer in the United States; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit enrolled copies of this resolution to the director of the American Homebrewers Association, the president and chief executive officer of the Brewers Asso-ciation, and the founder and past president of the Brewers Association. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 568—DESIG-NATING JUNE 2018 AS ‘‘GREAT OUTDOORS MONTH’’ Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. R
ISCH, Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. H
EINRICH , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 568 Whereas hundreds of millions of people in the United States participate in outdoor recreation annually; Whereas Congress enacted the Outdoor Recreation Jobs and Economic Impact Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–249; 130 Stat. 999) to as-sess and analyze the outdoor recreation economy of the United States and the effects attributable to the outdoor recreation econ-omy on the overall economy of the United States; Whereas preliminary statistics released in 2018 by the Bureau of Economic Analysis of the United States Department of Commerce show that outdoor recreation contributed more than $373,700,000,000 to the economy of the United States in 2016, comprising ap-proximately 2 percent of the gross domestic product; Whereas preliminary statistics released in 2018 by the Bureau of Economic Analysis of the United States Department of Commerce show that the outdoor recreation economy grew 3.8 percent in 2016, while also providing 4,280,000 jobs across the country; Whereas regular outdoor recreation is as-sociated with positive health outcomes and better quality of life; Whereas outdoor recreation is part of the national heritage of the United States; and Whereas June 2018 is an appropriate month to designate as ‘‘Great Outdoors Month’’ to provide an opportunity to celebrate the im-portance of the great outdoors: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 2018 as ‘‘Great Outdoors Month’’; and (2) encourages all people in the United States to recreate in the great outdoors in June 2018 and year-round. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I am pleased the Senate is passing a resolu-tion I introduced along with Senators C
OLLINS , WYDEN , GARDNER , and B ENNET  to commemorate the American Homebrewers Association’s (AHA) 40th ‘‘birthday’’. Since its founding in 1978, the AHA—whose mission is to promote the community of homebrewers and empower homebrewers to make the best beer in the world—has had a tre-mendous impact on America, both within and well beyond the scope of beer. After then-President Jimmy Car-ter signed the momentous legislation (Public Law 95–458) to legalize homebrewing at the federal level, the AHA worked ceaselessly and success-fully to extend that legalization to all 50 States and the District of Columbia. Today, the AHA has over 46,000 dues- paying members and works on behalf of more than 1.1 million homebrewers in our Nation. While the AHA was estab-lished in 1978, homebrewing has been an important part of our Nation’s life from its inception. The Pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock because they were running out of beer, which was safer to drink than water (each adult on board had a ration of one gallon of beer per day). Presidents George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and James Madison were all homebrewers who enjoyed crafting their own libations. In 2011, President Obama introduced a honey ale which became the first beer known to have been brewed in the White House. Homebrewing isn’t just a wonderfully delicious hobby; however. Home-brew-ing has an important economic impact, creating thousands of jobs and adding hundreds of millions of dollars to the economy. There are more than 700 homebrew shops nationwide, and scores of small businesses that fabricate the brewing, fermenting, and packaging equipment homebrewers use. Homebrewers also support American agriculture, with their demand for do-mestic malts, hops, yeast, and other in-gredients. In the aggregate, American homebrewers produce 1.4 million bar-rels of beer each year. That production level puts homebrewers between the Boston Beer Company and the Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, which are the second and third largest craft brew-ing companies in America, respec-tively. Homebrewing is collaborative and so-cial. The AHA hosts major events that bring thousands of people together, in-cluding the National Homebrewers Conference, the National Homebrew Competition, the Big Brew for National Homebrew Day, Learn to Homebrew Day, and the Hill Staff Homebrew Com-petition, which encourages bipartisan participation in celebrating home- brewing and its rich history in the United States. Thirty years ago, Con-gress designated May 7th as National Homebrew Day and the AHA celebrates that anniversary each year with the Big Brew for National Homebrew Day on the first Saturday each May. The AHA initiated Learn to Homebrew Day, which is held in November, in 1999 to encourage homebrewers to introduce their non-brewing family members and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.094 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4747 June 28, 2018 
friends to the hobby. Nearly 4,800 peo-ple from 45 States and 11 other coun-tries participated in Learn to Home-brew Day last November. The ‘‘big daddy’’ of the AHA-hosted events is the National Homebrew Con-ference, which attracts as many as 3,400 participants. In 2016, ‘‘Homebrew Con,’’ as it is affectionately known, was held in Baltimore and I enjoyed speaking to the group and sampling some of the best beer in America. This year, the 40th Homebrew Con will be held in Portland, Oregon—also known as Beervana—starting this Thursday. Homebrew Con also features the final round of the National Homebrew Com-petition each year, the largest beer competition in the world. Over 143,000 homebrews have been entered and judged in this competition since the first one was held in Boulder, Colorado, where the AHA is headquartered, in 1979. Since its inception, the AHA has suc-cessfully created community, camara-derie, competition, and, of course, great beer. Today, the hobby of homebrewing unites Americans from coast to coast of all backgrounds, life experiences, and political beliefs. Just as important, the AHA and its diverse members have played a key part in the rise of the craft brewing industry, which is larger today than it has ever been in the country’s history. The United States is now home to over 6,000 small and independent craft breweries, most of which were started by homebrewers. Craft beer now accounts for $26 billion in sales and 23 percent of the U.S. beer market. More than 80 per-cent of Americans age 21 and up live within 10 miles of a brewery, and these breweries are reinvigorating local economies and creating good local jobs that won’t go overseas. Collectively, they are adding $68 billion to the econ-omy and donating over $70 million to charitable causes. Beer isn’t just good to drink; it’s good for the economy. I would be seriously remiss if I were to fail to mention the one individual most responsible for the creation of the AHA, the growth of homebrewing as a hobby, and the reemergence of Amer-ican craft beer: Charlie Papazian. Char-lie, along with Charlie Matzen, founded the AHA in 1978 in Boulder. Charlie Papazian is rightfully known as ‘‘the godfather of homebrewing’’. As for the AHA’s successes and the growth of the domestic craft beer industry, we can credit Charlie and his passion, enthu-siasm, creativity, and commitment. In 1972, Charlie graduated from the University of Virginia with a degree in Nuclear Engineering. After working as a kindergarten teacher, his passion for beer—and for the art and science of its creation—led him to swap hydrogen for hops. In 1978, he founded the AHA and published the first issue of Zymurgy magazine, announcing the new organi-zation, publicizing the federal legaliza-tion of homebrewing, and calling for entries in the AHA’s first National Homebrew Competition. In 1984, he published The Complete Joy of Homebrewing, which to this day re-mains one of the definitive guides to creating quality beer at home. Char-lie’s reassuring motto—‘‘Relax. Don’t worry. Have a homebrew.’’—spawned an American movement that is now spreading abroad. In 1983, Charlie founded the Associa-tion of Brewers, which included the AHA under its umbrella as well as the new Institute for Fermentation and Brewing Studies, which served the needs of the small, but growing, micro-brewing industry. The Association of Brewers later merged with the Brewers Association of America to become to-day’s Brewers Association (BA). I was honored to work with the BA and its members as the lead sponsor of the Small Brewer Reinvestment & Expand-ing Workforce (Small BREW) Act, which intended to cut the federal ex-cise small, independent, domestic craft brewers pay. That bill was incor-porated in the Craft Beverage Mod-ernization & Tax Reform Act, which Congress passed last year. Charlie launched a number of popular events, including the World Beer Cup and the Great American Beer Festival, which today gathers over 60,000 attendees annually. Beyond beer, Char-lie also founded National Pie Day— which takes place each year on his own birthday, January 23rd—as an annual celebration of America’s favorite des-sert. Charlie is a true trailblazer, pioneer, and entrepreneur. His irrepressible en-thusiasm, sense of humor, and joie de vivre have endeared him to millions of people. The original wooden spoon he used to stir his mashes now resides at the Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of American History. Charlie purchased the spoon for $1 in a hard-ware store. ‘‘I was walking down an aisle in the store,’’ he recalls, ‘‘and that spoon spoke to me. It said, ‘Give me a try, I’m special.’ That was the start of our affair.’’ He used the spoon when he started teaching homebrewing in 1973 out of a series of houses he rented in Boulder. From 1973 to 1982, he taught five semesters per year, five classes per semester, with 20 people per class. According to Charlie, ‘‘Students had to get their hand on the spoon. They gave it a turn and got the ingre-dients going in the pot. It was an im-portant part of the class and a lot of people touched that spoon.’’ As Charlie puts it, ‘‘It makes for a stirring tale, doesn’t it? The spoon has been a wit-ness to the evolution—and the revolu-tion—of homebrewing and craft beer. When you hold it in your hand now, it kind of vibrates a little bit. It’s got so much mojo in it.’’ Come January 23, 2019, on his 70th birthday, Charlie will be exiting the AHA and its parent organization, the Brewers Association, where he served as president from 1978 to 2016. He is currently spending his time completing an array of projects, including a craft brewing history archive. This week, he will deliver the keynote address at Homebrew Con in Portland. He is often asked, ‘‘Charlie, did you ever imagine that beer would become all of this?’’ His answer is always yes. At St. Paul’s Cathedral in London, Sir Christopher Wren’s epitaph reads, Si monumentum requiris, circum- spice—‘‘If you seek (his) monuments, look around you.’’ Charlie Papazian’s monuments are all around us—from homebrewers making a chocolate stout in their kitchens or garages to the craft brewery down the street. From President Obama’s ‘‘beer summit’’ to the neighborhood bar, beer is the bev-erage that refreshes us and brings us together. We can thank Charlie Papazian for being able to choose from the best beers brewed in the history of civilization to quench our thirst and warm our hearts. I would ask all of my colleagues to join me in celebrating the 40th anniversary of the American Homebrewers Association, and thank-ing Charlie Papazian for his seminal and lasting contributions to homebrewing and the craft beer renais-sance and wishing him all the best as he completes his final year at the AHA and begins the next chapter in a life that serves as an inspiration to all of us. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3346. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. W YDEN (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. G
ARDNER )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and con-tinuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. SA 3347. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3348. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. I
SAKSON ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra. SA 3349. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3350. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3134 pro-posed by Mr. T
HUNE to the amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3351. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3352. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3353. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.095 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4748 June 28, 2018 
to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3354. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3355. Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3356. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3357. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3358. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3359. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3360. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3361. Mrs. HYDE–SMITH (for herself, Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3362. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. D
AINES , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3363. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3364. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. R
UBIO) pro- posed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra. SA 3365. Mr. ROBERTS (for Ms. C
ANTWELL  (for herself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, supra. SA 3366. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3367. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3368. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3369. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3370. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3371. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN )) proposed an amend-ment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra. SA 3372. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3176 submitted by Mrs. F
EINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3373. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3176 submitted by Mrs. F
EINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3374. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3375. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3376. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3377. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3378. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3379. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3380. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. S
COTT) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3381. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3382. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3383. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. L EE, and Mr. I NHOFE ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2, supra. SA 3384. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3385. Mr. SASSE (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. P AUL, Mr. E NZI, Ms. S
MITH, and Mr. R OUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. ROB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3386. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3387. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. E NZI, and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3388. Mr. ROBERTS (for Ms. C
ORTEZ  M
ASTO (for herself and Mr. P ORTMAN )) pro- posed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra. SA 3389. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. D
URBIN  (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Ms. S TABE -
NOW)) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra. SA 3390. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND (for herself and Mr. T OOMEY )) pro- posed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra. SA 3391. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 724, to amend the Federal Power Act to modernize authoriza-tions for necessary hydropower approvals. SA 3392. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. U DALL ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1029, to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pesticide registration and other activities under the Act, to extend and modify fee authorities, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3346. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. W
YDEN (for himself, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B
ENNET , and Mr. G ARDNER )) pro-posed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him-self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and con-tinuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 1203, strike line 3 and insert the following: ricultural systems. ‘‘(16) H
OP PLANT HEALTH INITIATIVE .—Re- search and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of devel-oping and disseminating science-based tools and treatments to combat diseases of hops caused by the plant pathogens Podosphaera macularis and Pseudoperonospora humuli.’’. 
SA 3347. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86ll. FOREST ROADS AND TRAILS ACT. 
Public Law 88–657 (16 U.S.C. 532 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Forest Roads and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.091 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4749 June 28, 2018 
Trails Act’’) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 8. FOREST SERVICE LEGACY ROADS AND TRAILS REMEDIATION PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘National Forest System’ has the meaning given the term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish, and develop a national strategy to carry out, a program, to be known as the ‘Forest Service Legacy Roads and Trails Remediation Program’, within the National Forest System to imple-ment for each unit of the National Forest System the minimum road system identified under subsection (c). ‘‘(c) I
DENTIFICATION OF MINIMUM ROADSYS-
TEM.—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, in accordance with section 212.5(b) of title 36, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section), the Secretary shall identify for each unit of the National Forest System— ‘‘(1) the minimum road system; and ‘‘(2) any unneeded roads. ‘‘(d) C
ONTENTS .—In carrying out sub-sections (b) and (c), the Secretary shall use the priorities described in section 212.5(b)(2) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this sec-tion). ‘‘(e) U
NNEEDED ROADS .—The Secretary shall decommission any roads identified as unneeded under subsection (c) as soon as practicable after making the identification under that subsection. ‘‘(f) R
EVISION .—The Secretary shall review, and may revise, an identification made under subsection (c) for a unit of the Na-tional Forest System during a revision of the land and resource management plan applica-ble to the unit.’’. 
SA 3348. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. I SAK-
SON) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 26, line 16, strike ‘‘2020’’ and insert ‘‘2021’’. At the end of subtitle E of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 15ll. LOSS OF PEACH AND BLUEBERRY CROPS DUE TO EXTREME COLD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide compensation for expenses relating to losses of peach and blueberry crops that oc-curred— (1) during calendar year 2017; and (2) due to extreme cold, as determined by the Secretary. (b) F
UNDING .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $18,000,000, to remain available until expended. Strike section 1710. 
SA 3349. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end, add the following: 
SEC. lll. WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR ABLE- BODIED ADULTS WITHOUT DEPEND-ENTS. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—Section 2 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Congress further finds that it should also be the purpose of the supple-mental nutrition assistance program to in-crease employment, to encourage healthy marriage, and to promote prosperous self- sufficiency, which means the ability of households to maintain an income above the poverty level without services and benefits from the Federal Government.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) F
OOD.—Section 3(k) of the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012(k)) is amend-ed by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that a food, food product, meal, or other item described in this subsection shall be considered a food under this Act only if it is an essential (as determined by the Secretary)’’. (2) S
UPERVISED JOB SEARCH .—Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (t) through (v) as subsections (u) through (w), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (s) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(t) S
UPERVISED JOBSEARCH .—The term ‘supervised job search’ means a job search program that has the following characteris-tics: ‘‘(1) The job search occurs at an official lo-cation where the presence and activity of the recipient can be directly observed, super-vised, and monitored. ‘‘(2) The entry, time onsite, and exit of the recipient from the official job search loca-tion are recorded in a manner that prevents fraud. ‘‘(3) The recipient is expected to remain and undertake job search activities at the job search center. ‘‘(4) The quantity of time the recipient is observed and monitored engaging in job search at the official location is recorded for purposes of compliance with the work and work activation requirements of sections 6(o) and 30.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 27(a)(2) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)(2)) is amended in subpara-graphs (C) and (E) by striking ‘‘3(u)(4)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘3(v)(4)’’. (c) W
ORK REQUIREMENT FOR ABLE-BODIED  A
DULTS WITHOUT DEPENDENTS .—Section 6(o) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(o)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘not less than 3 months (consecutive or otherwise)’’ and inserting ‘‘more than 1 month’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) participate in supervised job search for at least 8 hours per week.’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any fiscal year that begins after the effective date of the Ag-riculture Improvement Act of 2018.’’; (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘15-PERCENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ 5-PERCENT ’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)(ii)(IV), by striking ‘‘3 months’’ and inserting ‘‘1 month’’; and (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) P
ROMOTING WORK .—As a condition of receiving supplemental nutrition assistance program funds under this Act, a State agen-cy shall provide each individual subject to the work requirement of this subsection with the opportunity to participate in an activity selected by the State from among the op-tions described in subparagraphs (B), (C), and (E) of paragraph (2). ‘‘(9) P
ENALTIES FOR INADEQUATE STATE PER -
FORMANCE .—If a State agency fails to fully comply with this section, including the re-quirement to terminate the benefits of indi-viduals who fail to fulfill the work require-ments described in paragraph (2) during a fis-cal quarter, the funding allotment of the State for the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program shall be reduced by 10 percent for the quarter that begins 180 days after the first day of the quarter in which the non-compliance occurred.’’. 
SEC. lllll. WORK ACTIVATION PROGRAM FOR ADULTS WITH DEPENDENT CHILDREN. 
The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 30. WORK ACTIVATION PROGRAM FOR ADULTS WITH DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘eli-gible participant’ means an individual who, during a particular month, is— ‘‘(A) a parent in a household with depend-ent children; ‘‘(B) at least 19, and not more than 55, years of age; ‘‘(C) not disabled; ‘‘(D) a member of a household in which 1 or more parents or children receive supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits in the month; ‘‘(E) a member of a household that received supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits for more than 3 months in the year; and ‘‘(F) employed less than 100 hours in the month. ‘‘(2) M
ARRIED COUPLE HOUSEHOLD .—The term ‘married couple household’ means a household that includes 2 eligible partici-pants who are married to each other and have dependent children. ‘‘(3) S
UCCESSFUL ENGAGEMENT IN WORK ACTI -
VATION .—The term ‘successful engagement in work activation’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of an individual who is eli-gible and required to participate in interim work activation, performance during the month that fulfills the activity and hour re-quirements of subsection (c); ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is re-quired to participate in full work activation, performance during the month that fulfills the activity and hour requirements of sub-section (d); and ‘‘(C) in the case of an individual who meets the eligibility criteria described in sub-section (e)(1), performance that fulfills the activity and hour requirements of that sub-section. ‘‘(4) W
ORK AND WORK PREPARATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The term ‘work and work preparation activities’ means— ‘‘(A) unsubsidized employment; ‘‘(B) subsidized private sector employment; ‘‘(C) subsidized public sector employment; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.051 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4750 June 28, 2018 
‘‘(D) work experience (including work asso-ciated with the refurbishing of publicly as-sisted housing) if sufficient private sector employment is not available; ‘‘(E) on-the-job training; ‘‘(F) job readiness assistance; ‘‘(G) a community service program; ‘‘(H) vocational educational training (not to exceed 1 year with respect to any indi-vidual); ‘‘(I) job skills training directly related to employment; ‘‘(J) education directly related to employ-ment, in the case of a recipient who has not received a high school diploma or a certifi-cate of high school equivalency; ‘‘(K) satisfactory attendance at secondary school or in a course of study leading to a certificate of general equivalence, in the case of a recipient who has not completed secondary school or received such a certifi-cate; ‘‘(L) the provision of child care services to an individual who is participating in a com-munity service program; ‘‘(M) workfare under section 20; and ‘‘(N) supervised job search. ‘‘(b) W
ORKACTIVATION PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, a State agency shall be required to operate a work activa-tion program for eligible participants. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR MARRIED COUPLE  
HOUSEHOLDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of eligible participants who are spouses in a married couple household— ‘‘(i) the work activation requirement of this section shall apply only if the sum of the combined current employment of both spouses is less than 100 hours per month; and ‘‘(ii) both spouses shall be considered to have achieved successful engagement in the work activation program if either spouse ful-fills the work activation requirements de-scribed in subsection (c), (d), or (e)(1). ‘‘(B) T
OTAL REQUIRED HOURS .—The total combined number of hours of required work and work preparation activities for both spouses in a married couple household shall not be greater than the total number of hours required for a single head of house-hold. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out this section, a State agency shall ensure that, for any month— ‘‘(i) the proportion that— ‘‘(I) the number of married couple house-holds that are required to participate in work activation under this section in a month; bears to ‘‘(II) the number of all households that are required to participate in work activation under this section in the same month; is not greater than— ‘‘(ii) the proportion that— ‘‘(I) the number of all married couple households with eligible participants in the month; bears to ‘‘(II) the number of all households with eli-gible participants in the same month. ‘‘(c) S
HORT -TERM INTERIM WORK ACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State agency may re-quire eligible participants who meet the cri-teria in paragraph (2) to engage in— ‘‘(A) interim work activation as described in this subsection; or ‘‘(B) full work activation as described in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—A State agency may re-quire an eligible participant to participate in interim work activation instead of full work activation if the eligible participant has not engaged in work activation under this sec-tion in the preceding 3 years. ‘‘(3) REQUIRED JOB SEARCH .—A participant in interim work activation shall be re-quired— ‘‘(A) to participate in supervised job search for at least 6 hours per week; and ‘‘(B) to engage in such additional activities as the State agency may require. ‘‘(4) T
IME LIMIT ON INTERIM WORK ACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible participant shall not participate in interim work activa-tion for more than 3 months. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL TIME .—After an eligible participant has participated in interim work activation for 3 months, the State agency shall require the eligible participant— ‘‘(i) to maintain at least 100 hours of em-ployment per month; or ‘‘(ii) to participate in full work activation. ‘‘(d) F
ULLWORKACTIVATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, a State agency shall require all or part of the eligible par-ticipants in the State to engage in full work activation under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An eligible partici-pant who is required to participate in full work activation in a month shall be required to engage in 1 or more work and work prepa-ration activities for an average of 100 hours per month. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Of the total number of required hours described in paragraph (2), not fewer than 20 hours per week shall be at-tributable to an activity described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (L), (M), or (N) of subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(4) P
ARTICIPATION IN COMMUNITY SERVICE  
OR WORKFARE .—At least 10 percent of the eli-gible participants that a State requires to participate in full work activation under this section shall be required to participate in ac-tivities described in subparagraph (D), (G), or (M) of subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(5) W
ORK ACTIVATION NOT EMPLOYMENT .— Other than unsubsidized employment de-scribed in subsection (a)(4)(A), participation in work and work preparation activities under this section shall not be— ‘‘(A) considered to be employment; or ‘‘(B) subject to any law pertaining to wages, compensation, hours, or conditions of employment under any law administered by the Secretary of Labor. ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL REQUIRED ACTIVITY .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (g), nothing in this section prevents a State from requiring more than 100 hours per month of participa-tion in work and work preparation activi-ties. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) S
INGLE TEEN HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD OR  
MARRIED TEEN WHO MAINTAINS SATISFACTORY  
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, an eligible participant who is married or a head of household and who has not attained 20 years of age shall be consid-ered to have completed successful engage-ment in work activation for a month if the eligible participant— ‘‘(A) maintains satisfactory attendance at secondary school or the equivalent during the month; or ‘‘(B) participates in education directly re-lated to employment for an average of at least 20 hours per week during the month. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF PERSONS WHO  
MAY BE TREATED AS ENGAGED IN WORK ACTIVA -
TION BY REASON OF PARTICIPATION IN EDU -
CATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, not more than 30 percent of the number of individuals in a State who are treated as having completed successful en-gagement in work activation for a month may be individuals who are determined to be engaged in work activation for the month by reason of participation in vocational edu-cational training. ‘‘(f) STATE OPTION FOR PARTICIPATION RE-
QUIREMENT EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any fiscal year, a State agency, at the option of the State agency, may— ‘‘(A) exempt a household that includes a child who has not attained 12 months of age from engaging in work activation; and ‘‘(B) disregard that household in deter-mining the monthly participation rates under this section until the child has at-tained 12 months of age. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, a household that includes a child who has not attained 6 years of age shall be considered to be successfully en-gaged in work activation for a month if a member of the household receiving supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits is engaged in work activation for an av-erage of at least 20 hours per week during the month. ‘‘(g) P
ENALTIES AGAINST INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), if an eligible participant in a household receiving assistance under the State program funded under this section fails to complete successful engagement in work activation in accordance with this sec-tion, the State agency shall— ‘‘(A) in accordance with paragraph (2), re-duce the amount of assistance otherwise payable to the entire household pro rata (or more, at the option of the State agency) with respect to the month immediately after any month in which the eligible participant fails to perform; or ‘‘(B) terminate the assistance entirely. ‘‘(2) P
RO RATA REDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), the amount of the pro rata reduction shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the normal monthly amount of assist-ance to the entire household that would have been received if not for the reduction under paragraph (1)(A); by ‘‘(B) the proportion that— ‘‘(i) the hours of required work and work preparation activities performed by the eli-gible participant during the month; bears to ‘‘(ii) the number or hours of work and work preparation activities the State agency re-quired the eligible participant to perform in accordance with this section. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A State may not reduce or terminate assistance under the State pro-gram funded under this section or any other State program funded with qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B))) based on a refusal of an eligible participant to engage in work and work preparation activities required under this section if— ‘‘(A) the eligible participant is a single custodial parent caring for a child who has not attained 6 years of age; and ‘‘(B) the eligible participant proves that the eligible participant has a demonstrated inability (as determined by the State agen-cy) to obtain needed child care, due to— ‘‘(i) unavailability of appropriate child care within a reasonable distance from the home or work site of the eligible participant; or ‘‘(ii) unavailability of all affordable child care arrangements, including formal child care and all informal child care by a relative or under other arrangements. ‘‘(h) L
IMITATION ON HOURS OF REQUIRED  P
ARTICIPATION IN COMMUNITY SERVICE OR  W
ORKFARE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.052 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4751 June 28, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The maximum number of hours during a month that an eligible partic-ipant shall be required under this section to work in a community service program or a workfare program under section 20 shall not exceed the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(A) the total dollar cost of all means-test-ed benefits received by the household for that month, as determined under paragraph (2); by ‘‘(B) the Federal minimum wage. ‘‘(2) T
OTAL DOLLAR COST OF ALL MEANS - 
TESTED BENEFITS DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the total dollar cost of all means-tested benefits shall equal the sum of the dollar cost of all benefits received by the household from— ‘‘(i) the supplemental nutrition assistance program; ‘‘(ii) the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) or any other State pro-gram funded with qualified State expendi-tures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B)(i))); and ‘‘(iii) any assistance provided to a house-hold, landlord, or public housing agency (as defined in section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(6))) to subsidize the rental payment for a dwelling unit, including assistance provided for public housing dwelling units under section 3 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a) and assistance provided under section 8 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f). ‘‘(B) V
ALUE OF BENEFITS DURING SANC -
TION.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), if the dollar value of 1 or more benefits re-ceived by a household in a month has been reduced under subsection (g) or another sanction requirement, the calculated dollar value of the sanctioned benefits shall equal the dollar value of the benefit that would have been received if the benefit had not been reduced by the sanction. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Nothing in this subsection prevents a State agency from requiring an eligible participant to engage in activities not described in paragraph (1) for additional hours during the month. ‘‘(i) W
ORK ACTIVATION PARTICIPATION  G
OALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, except as pro-vided in paragraph (2), a State agency shall achieve for each quarter of the fiscal year with respect to all eligible participants re-ceiving assistance under the State program funded under this section for that fiscal year at least the participation rate specified in the following table: ‘‘If the fiscal year is: The quarterly participation rate shall be at least: 
2019 ........................... 20 percent2020 ........................... 35 percent2021 ........................... 50 percent2022 ........................... 65 percent2023 ........................... 80 percent. 
‘‘(2) A DJUSTMENT IF RECESSIONARY PE -
RIOD.—If the average national unemploy-ment rate during a quarter of a fiscal year, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics of the Department of Labor, is more than 8 percent, the participation goal for the immediately succeeding quarter shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the applicable quarterly participation rate under paragraph (1); by ‘‘(B) 0.8. ‘‘(j) C
ALCULATION OF WORK ACTIVATION  P
ARTICIPATION RATES .— ‘‘(1) DEFINITION OF SANCTIONED RECIPIENT .— In this subsection, the term ‘sanctioned re-cipient’ means any eligible participant who— ‘‘(A) was required to participate in work activation in a month; ‘‘(B) failed to perform the assigned work and work preparation activities so as to meet the relevant hourly requirements in subsection (c), (d), or (e)(2); and ‘‘(C) was sanctioned by a reduced benefit payment in the subsequent month under sub-section (g). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The work activation participation rate for a State for any quarter of a fiscal year shall equal the average of the monthly participation rates for the State during the 3 months of that quarter. ‘‘(3) M
ONTHLY PARTICIPATION RATE .—For purposes of paragraph (2), the monthly par-ticipation rate shall equal the ratio of all countable participants to all eligible partici-pants in the month, as determined under paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) R
ATIO OF ALL COUNTABLE PARTICIPANTS  
TO ALL ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—Subject to paragraph (5), the ratio of all countable par-ticipants to all eligible participants in a month equals the proportion that— ‘‘(A) the sum obtained by adding— ‘‘(i) all eligible participants who— ‘‘(I) were required by the State to engage in interim work activation, full work activa-tion, or education under subsection (e)(1) during the month; and ‘‘(II) fulfilled the criteria for successful en-gagement in work activation for that activ-ity during the month; and ‘‘(ii) all sanctioned recipients for that month; bears to ‘‘(B) the average number of eligible partici-pants in the State in that month. ‘‘(5) M
ULTIPLE ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—A married couple household consisting of more than 1 eligible participant shall be counted as a single eligible participant for purposes of calculating the participation rate under this subsection. ‘‘(k) P
ENALTIES FOR INADEQUATE STATE  P
ERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 and for each subse-quent quarter of fiscal year 2020 and of each subsequent fiscal year, each State shall count the monthly average number of count-able participants under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN FUNDING .—If the month-ly average number of countable participants in a State of a fiscal year is not sufficient to fulfill the relevant work activation partici-pation goal under subsection (i) during that quarter, the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program funding for the State under this Act shall be reduced for the fiscal quar-ter that begins 180 days after the first day of the quarter in which the inadequate perform-ance occurred in accordance with paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) F
UNDING IN PENALIZED QUARTER .—The total amount of funding a State shall receive for all households with eligible participants for a quarter for which funding is reduced under paragraph (2) shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the total amount of funding that the State would have received in the preceding quarter for all households with eligible par-ticipants if no reduction had been in place; by ‘‘(B) the ratio of all countable participants to all eligible participants (as determined under subsection (j)(4)) for the quarter that began 180 days before the first day of the quarter for which funding is reduced. ‘‘(l) F
UNDING TOADMINISTER WORKACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) TANF 
FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State that receives supplemental nutrition assistance program funds under this Act may use dur-ing that fiscal year to carry out the work ac-tivation program of the State under this sec-tion— ‘‘(i) any of the Federal funds available to the State through the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) in that fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) any of the funds from State sources allocated to the operation of the program de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(B) E
FFECT .—Any State that uses State funds allocated to the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) to administer the work activation program of that State under this section may treat those funds as qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B)(i))) for purposes of meeting the requirements of section 409(a)(7) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)) in that fiscal year. ‘‘(2) W
ORKFORCE INVESTMENT ACT FUND -
ING.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State that receives Federal funds under the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.) may use up to 50 percent of those funds during that fiscal year to carry out the work activation program of the State under this section. ‘‘(3) S
UPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING PRO -
GRAM .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subse-quent fiscal year, a State that receives Fed-eral funds under this Act for an employment and training program under section 6(d) may use those funds during that fiscal year to carry out the work activation program of the State under this section.’’. 
SA 3350. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3134 proposed by Mr. T
HUNE to the amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 9, strike line 14 and insert the fol-lowing: that land.’’. 
SEC. 2104. EXTENSION AND AGRICULTURAL RE-SEARCH AT 1890 LAND-GRANT COL-LEGES, INCLUDING TUSKEGEE UNI-VERSITY. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1444 of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221) (as amended by section 7114(1)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 , 2020, 2021, OR 2022 .—In addition to other amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated for 1 of fis-cal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022 such sums as are necessary to ensure that an eligible in-stitution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for that fiscal year re-ceives not less than the amount of funds re-ceived by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the undesignated matter following paragraph (2)(B)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.052 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4752 June 28, 2018 
(i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2) of this sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘this paragraph’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘In computing’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) In computing’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Of the remainder’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in paragraph (4), of the remainder’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(2) any funds’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNT .—Any funds’’; (C) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘are allocated’’ and insert-ing ‘‘were allocated’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘, as so designated as of that date.’’; (D) by striking ‘‘(b) Beginning’’ in the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1) and all that fol-lows through ‘‘any funds’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Funds made available under this section shall be distributed among eligible institutions in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Any funds’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL AMOUNT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 , 
2020, 2021, OR 2022 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), for 1 of fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, if the calculation under paragraph (3)(B) would result in a distribution of less than $3,000,000 to an eligible institution that first received funds under this section after the date of enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 649) for a fiscal year, that institution shall receive a distribution of $3,000,000 for that fiscal year. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply only if amounts are appropriated under subsection (a)(4) to ensure that an eli-gible institution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, as applicable, receives not less than the amount of funds received by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’. (b) R
ESEARCH .—Section 1445 of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3222) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 , 2020, 2021, OR 2022 .—In addition to other amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated for 1 of fis-cal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022 such sums as are necessary to ensure that an eligible in-stitution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for that fiscal year re-ceives not less than the amount of funds re-ceived by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL AMOUNT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 , 
2020, 2021, OR 2022 .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for 1 of fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, if the calculation under subparagraph (C) would re-sult in a distribution of less than $3,000,000 to an eligible institution that first received funds under this section after the date of en-actment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 649), that institution shall receive a distribution of $3,000,000 for that fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Clause (i) shall apply only if amounts are appropriated under sub-section (a)(6) to ensure that an eligible insti-tution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, as applicable, receives not less than the amount of funds received by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(B) Of funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) ADDITIONAL AMOUNT .—Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (D), of funds’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘are allocated’’ and insert-ing ‘‘were allocated’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘, as so designated as of that date’’ before the period at the end; and (III) by striking ‘‘(A) Funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Funds’’; and (iv) in the matter preceding subparagraph (B) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘(2) The’’ and all that follows through ‘‘follows:’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After allocating amounts under paragraph (2), the remainder shall be allotted among the eligible institu-tions in accordance with this paragraph.’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) Three per centum’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—3 percent’’; and (C) in the matter preceding paragraph (2) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘(b) Begin-ning’’ and all that follows through ‘‘follows:’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Funds made available under this section shall be distributed among eligible institutions in accordance with this subsection.’’. 
SA 3351. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 233, line 7, strike ‘‘based’’ the sec-ond place it appears and insert ‘‘best’’. 
SA 3352. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 126ll. LABELING OF CERTAIN SINGLE IN-GREDIENT FOODS. 
The food labeling requirements under sec-tion 403(q) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343(q)) shall not re-quire that the nutrition facts label of any single ingredient sugar, honey, agave, and syrup that is packaged and offered for sale as a single ingredient food includes a declara-tion of added sugars. 
SA 3353. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86ll. STREAMLINING THE FOREST SERV-ICE PROCESS FOR CONSIDERATION OF COMMUNICATIONS FACILITY LO-CATION APPLICATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMUNICATIONS FACILITY .—The term ‘‘communications facility’’ includes— (A) any infrastructure, including any transmitting device, tower, or support struc-ture, and any equipment, switches, wiring, cabling, power sources, shelters, or cabinets, associated with the licensed or permitted un-licensed wireless or wireline transmission of writings, signs, signals, data, images, pic-tures, and sounds of all kinds; and (B) any antenna or apparatus that is— (i) designed for the purpose of emitting radio frequency; (ii)(I) designed to be operated, or is oper-ating, from a fixed location pursuant to au-thorization by the Federal Communications Commission; or (II) using duly authorized devices that do not require individual licenses; and (iii) is added to a tower, building, or other structure. (2) C
OMMUNICATIONS SITE .—The term ‘‘com-munications site’’ means an area of covered land designated for communications uses. (3) C
OMMUNICATIONS USE .—The term ‘‘com-munications use’’ means the placement and operation of communications facility. (4) C
OMMUNICATIONS USE AUTHORIZATION .— The term ‘‘communications use authoriza-tion’’ means an easement, right-of-way, lease, license, or other authorization to lo-cate or modify a communications facility on covered land by the Forest Service for the primary purpose of authorizing the occu-pancy and use of the covered land for com-munications use. (5) C
OVERED LAND .—The term ‘‘covered land’’ means National Forest System land. (6) O
RGANIZATIONAL UNIT .—The term ‘‘orga-nizational unit’’, with respect to the Forest Service, means— (A) a regional office; (B) the headquarters; (C) a management unit; or (D) a ranger district office. (7) S
PECIAL ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘special account’’ means the special account estab-lished for the Forest Service under sub-section (f)(1). (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 6409 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1455) or section 606 of the Repack Airwaves Yielding Better Access for Users of Modern Services Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–141), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate reg-ulations— (1) to streamline the process for consid-ering applications to locate or modify com-munications facilities on covered land; (2) to ensure, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, that the process is uniform and standardized across the organizational units of the Forest Service; and (3) to require that the applications de-scribed in paragraph (1) be considered and granted on a competitively neutral, tech-nology neutral, and nondiscriminatory basis. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations pro-mulgated under subsection (b) shall— (1) include procedures for the tracking of applications described in subsection (b)(1), including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.053 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4753 June 28, 2018 
(A) identifying the number of applica-tions— (i) received; (ii) approved; and (iii) denied; (B) in the case of an application that is de-nied, describing the reasons for the denial; and (C) describing the period of time between the receipt of an application and the issuance of a final decision on an applica-tion; (2) provide for minimum lease terms of not less than 15 years for leases with respect to the location of communications facilities on covered land; (3) include a structure of fees for— (A) submitting an application described in subsection (b)(1), based on the cost to the Forest Service of considering such an appli-cation; and (B) issuing communications use authoriza-tions, based on the cost to the Forest Service of any maintenance or other activities re-quired to be performed by the Forest Service as a result of the location or modification of the communications facility; and (4) provide for prioritization or stream-lining of the consideration of applications to locate or modify communications facilities on covered land in a previously disturbed right-of-way. (d) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In pro- mulgating regulations under subsection (b), the Secretary shall consider— (1) how discrete reviews in considering an application described in paragraph (1) of that subsection can be conducted simultaneously, rather than sequentially, by any organiza-tional units of the Forest Service that must approve the location or modification; and (2) how to eliminate overlapping require-ments among the organizational units of the Forest Service with respect to the location or modification of a communications facility on covered land administered by those orga-nizational units. (e) C
OMMUNICATION OF STREAMLINED PROC-
ESS TO ORGANIZATIONAL UNITS.—With respect to the regulations promulgated under sub-section (b), the Secretary shall— (1) communicate the regulations to the or-ganizational units of the Forest Service; and (2) ensure that the organizational units of the Forest Service follow the regulations. (f) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES.— (1) S
PECIAL ACCOUNT .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall establish a special account in the Treasury for the Forest Service for the deposit of fees collected by the Forest Serv-ice under subsection (c)(3) for communica-tions use authorizations on covered land granted, issued, or executed by the Forest Service. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR FEES COLLECTED .— Fees collected by the Forest Service under paragraph (3) of subsection (c) shall be— (A) based on the costs described in that paragraph; and (B) competitively neutral, technology neu-tral, and nondiscriminatory with respect to other users of the communications site. (3) D
EPOSIT OF FEES .—Fees collected by the Forest Service under subsection (c)(3) shall be deposited in the special account. (4) A
VAILABILITY OF FEES .—Amounts depos-ited in the special account shall be available, to the extent and in such amounts as are provided in advance in appropriation Acts, to the Secretary to cover costs incurred by the Forest Service described in subsection (c)(3), including— (A) preparing needs assessments or other programmatic analyses necessary to des-ignate communications sites and issue com-munications use authorizations; (B) developing management plans for com-munications sites; (C) training for management of commu-nications sites; and (D) obtaining or improving access to com-munications sites. (5) NO ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS AUTHOR -
IZED.—Except as provided in paragraph (4), no other amounts are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this section. (g) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— (1) R
EAL PROPERTY AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this section provides any executive agency with any new leasing or other real property authorities not in existence before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section, including any action taken pursuant to this section, impacts a decision or determination by any executive agency to sell, dispose of, declare excess or surplus, lease, reuse, or re-develop any Federal real property pursuant to title 40, United States Code, the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287; 40 U.S.C. 1303 note), or any other law governing real property activities of the Federal Government. (B) A
GREEMENTS .—No agreement entered into pursuant to this section obligates the Federal Government to hold, control, or oth-erwise retain or use real property that may otherwise be deemed as excess, surplus, or that could otherwise be sold, leased, or rede-veloped. 
SA 3354. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Beginning on page 141, strike line 3 and all that follows through page 142, line 5, and in-sert the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a pilot project that provides finan-cial incentives, as determined by the Sec-retary, to producers to adopt practices de-signed to improve soil health, including by increasing carbon levels in soil (or ‘soil car-bon levels’) or growing new top soil. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the pilot project under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) identify geographic regions of the United States in which to establish the pilot project, including— ‘‘(A) not less than 1 drought prone region, based on factors such as soil type, cropping history, and water availability; and ‘‘(B) not less than 1 region with a high per-centage of spodosols, as identified by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) establish payments to provide an in-centive for the use of practices, such as cover crops, no-till farming, nutrient management, resource-conserving crop rotations, and other similar practices approved under the program that— ‘‘(A) improve soil health; ‘‘(B) increase carbon levels in the soil; or ‘‘(C) meet the goals described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B); and ‘‘(3) establish protocols for measuring car-bon levels in soil to measure gains in soil health as a result of the practices used in the pilot project. ‘‘(c) S
TUDY ; REPORT TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) S
TUDY .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall conduct a study re-garding the baseline of soil carbon levels and nutrients, changes in soil health, reduction in nutrient runoff and top soil erosion, and, if feasible, economic outcomes, as a result of the practices used in the pilot project estab-lished under subsection (a). SA 3355. Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. PARTICIPATION OF PUERTO RICO, AMERICAN SAMOA, AND THE NORTH-ERN MARIANA ISLANDS IN SUPPLE-MENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (r), by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Guam,’’; and (B) in subsection (u)(3), by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Guam,’’. (2) E
LIGIBLE HOUSEHOLDS .—Section 5 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014) is amended— (A) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Guam,’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘and Guam,’’ and inserting ‘‘Guam, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’; and (C) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Hawaii,’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in paragraph (6)(B), by inserting ‘‘the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Guam,’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this subsection shall be effective with re-spect to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, as applicable, on the date described in subparagraph (B) if the Secretary submits to Congress a certifi-cation under subsection (f)(3) of section 19 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028). (B) D
ATE DESCRIBED .—The date referred to in subparagraph (A) is, with respect to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, or the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands, the date established by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Amer-ican Samoa, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, respectively, in the applicable plan of operation submitted to the Secretary under subsection (f)(1)(A) of section 19 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028). (b) T
RANSITION OF PUERTO RICO, AMERICAN  S
AMOA , AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
TOSUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.053 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4754 June 28, 2018 
PROGRAM .—Section 19 of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) T
RANSITION OF PUERTO RICO, AMERICAN  S
AMOA , AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
TOSUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION OF PLAN BY PUERTO RICO , 
AMERICAN SAMOA , AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA  
ISLANDS .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION AND REVIEW OF PLAN OF  
OPERATION .—If a State agency is designated by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Amer-ican Samoa, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (referred to in this subsection as a ‘governmental entity’) and submits to the Secretary a request to par-ticipate in the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program and a plan of operation under section 11 (including a date on which the governmental entity will begin to partici-pate in the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program), the Secretary shall deter-mine whether that governmental entity and State agency satisfy the requirements that would apply under this Act for approval of that plan if the governmental entity were 1 of the several States. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION BY SECRETARY .— ‘‘(i) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall ap-prove a plan of operation under subpara-graph (A) if the governmental entity and State agency satisfy the requirements de-scribed in that subparagraph. ‘‘(ii) D
ISAPPROVAL .—If the Secretary does not approve a plan of operation under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall provide to the governmental entity a statement that describes each requirement that is not satis-fied by the plan. ‘‘(2) A
PPROVAL OF RETAIL FOOD STORES .—If the Secretary approves a plan of operation under paragraph (1)(B)(i), the Secretary shall accept from retail food stores located in the applicable governmental entity applications under section 9 for approval to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram. ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF CERTIFICATION TO CON -
GRESS .—The Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a certification that a governmental en-tity qualifies to participate in the supple-mental nutrition assistance program as if the governmental entity were a State if the Secretary— ‘‘(A) approves the plan of operation under paragraph (1)(B)(i); and ‘‘(B) approves the applications under para-graph (2) of a number of retail food stores lo-cated in the governmental entity requesting to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program that would be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Act if the governmental entity were 1 of the several States. ‘‘(4) C
ASH BENEFITS PROVIDED IN PUERTO  
RICO.—As part of a plan of operation sub-mitted under paragraph (1)(A), the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico may submit to the Secretary a request to provide benefits under the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram in the form of cash. ‘‘(5) F
AMILY MARKET PROGRAM IN PUERTO  
RICO.—As part of a plan of operation sub-mitted under paragraph (1)(A), notwith-standing subsection (g), the Secretary shall allow the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico to continue to carry out, under the supple-mental nutrition assistance program, the Family Market Program established under this section. ‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (a) through (e) shall cease to be effective with respect to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Amer-ican Samoa, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, as applicable, on the date described in paragraph (2) if the Secretary submits to Congress a certifi-cation under subsection (f)(3). ‘‘(2) DATE DESCRIBED .—The date referred to in paragraph (1) is, with respect to the Com-monwealth of Puerto, American Samoa, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the date established by the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands, respectively, in the applicable plan of operation submitted to the Secretary under subsection (f)(1)(A).’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section and the amendments made by this section such sums as are necessary for each fiscal year, to remain available until expended. 
SA 3356. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 335, strike line 10 and insert the following: ‘‘(C) T
HIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS .—Prior to the promulgation of regulations or issuance of guidance by the Secretary under subpara-graph (B), State agencies and benefit issuers of State agencies may allow third-party ap-plications to access the electronic benefit transfer system, with the consent of a par-ticipating household member, to provide electronic benefit transfer account informa-tion to the participating household, if the third-party applications adequately protect the privacy of data relating to participating households and retail food stores, consistent with sections 9(c) and 11(e). ‘‘(D) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years 
SA 3357. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM FOR LOW-COST FOOD PLAN. 
Section 17 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026) (as amended by section 4108) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(n) D
EMONSTRATION PROGRAM FOR LOW- 
COST FOODPLAN.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF LOW -COST FOOD PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In this subsection, the term ‘low-cost food plan’ means the diet re-quired to feed a family of 4 persons, con-sisting of a man and a woman age 19 through 50 years old, a child age 6 through 8 years old, and a child age 9 through 11 years old, at a cost that is in the second quartile of food expenditures for those families in the United States, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENTS .—In determining the diet under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) make household-size adjustments (based on the unrounded cost of the diet), taking into account economies of scale; ‘‘(ii) make cost adjustments in the diet for the State of Hawaii and the urban and rural parts of the State of Alaska to reflect the cost of food in the State of Hawaii and urban and rural parts of the State of Alaska; ‘‘(iii) make cost adjustments in the sepa-rate low-cost food plans for Guam and the United States Virgin Islands to reflect the cost of food in those States, which shall not exceed the cost of food in the 50 States and the District of Columbia; and ‘‘(iv) on October 1, 2018, and each October 1 thereafter— ‘‘(I) adjust the cost of the diet to reflect the cost of the diet in the preceding June; and ‘‘(II) round the cost determined under sub-clause (I) to the nearest lower dollar incre-ment. ‘‘(2) ESTABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a demonstration program under which the value of the allotment issued to eligible households under the supplemental nutrition assistance program shall be equal to the cost to those households of the low- cost food plan, reduced by an amount equal to 30 percent of the income of the household, as determined in accordance with sub-sections (d) and (e) of section 5, rounded to the nearest lower whole dollar. ‘‘(B) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENT .—In the case of a household of 1 or 2 persons, the minimum al-lotment shall be 8 percent of the cost of the low-cost food plan for a household con-taining 1 member, as determined by the Sec-retary under section 3, rounded to the near-est whole dollar increment. ‘‘(3) S
ELECTION .—In consultation with State agencies, the Secretary shall select not fewer than 4 areas to participate in the demonstration program under this sub-section. ‘‘(4) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall con-duct an independent evaluation, using rig-orous evaluation standards (including ran-dom assignment and control groups), to evaluate the impact on health and nutrition of using the low-cost food plan in lieu of the thrifty food plan. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes— ‘‘(A) the results of the demonstration pro-gram under this subsection; ‘‘(B) any additional costs or savings to the supplemental assistance nutrition program as a result of the demonstration program under this subsection; and ‘‘(C) any additional costs or savings to State and Federal health care programs as a result of the demonstration program under this subsection.’’. 
SA 3358. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 4114, strike the section designa-tion and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Section 28(c)’’ in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 4114. NUTRITION EDUCATION AND OBESITY PREVENTION. 
(a) O FFICE OF NUTRITION EDUCATION AND  O
BESITY PREVENTION TRAINING AND TECH-
NICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 28 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036a) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
GRANT PROGRAM ’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.054 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4755 June 28, 2018 
(2) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) O
FFICE OF NUTRITION EDUCATION AND  O
BESITY PREVENTION TRAINING AND TECH-
NICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish within the Food and Nutrition Service an office, to be known as the ‘Office of Nutrition Education and Obesity Preven-tion Training and Technical Assistance’ (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘Office’), to provide services described in paragraph (2) to— ‘‘(A) State agencies receiving grants under this section; and ‘‘(B) other State and local departments and agencies and community organizations ap-plying for, or receiving, subgrants under this section. ‘‘(2) S
ERVICES .—The services provided by the Office pursuant to paragraph (1) shall in-clude providing technical assistance to grantees and applicants relating to— ‘‘(A) administering education under the supplemental nutrition assistance program to ensure improvement in diet quality for benefit recipients; ‘‘(B) assessing the nutritional, physical ac-tivity, and obesity prevention needs of tar-get populations, and the barriers encoun-tered by those populations to accessing healthy foods and physical activity; ‘‘(C) identifying appropriate, evidence- based strategies and interventions to address problems identified under subparagraph (B), including through the program known as the ‘SNAP-Ed Toolkit’; ‘‘(D) evaluating the effectiveness of appli-cable education plans, including through the use of the framework known as the ‘SNAP- Ed Evaluation Framework’; ‘‘(E) maintaining and updating the toolkit and framework described in subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively, the document known as the ‘SNAP-Ed Interpretive Guide’, and other such other programs as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary; ‘‘(F) disseminating information, sharing best practices, and facilitating communica-tion among the entities described in para-graph (1); ‘‘(G)(i) identifying common challenges faced by the entities described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) coordinating efforts to achieve solu-tions to those challenges; and ‘‘(H) such other services as may be identi-fied by the Secretary, consistent with the purposes of the grants provided under this section. ‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall use to carry out this subsection not less than 0.5 percent, and not more than 2 percent, of the amounts made available to carry out this section.’’. (b) N
UTRITION EDUCATION STATE PLANS .— Section 28(c) 
SA 3359. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 41ll. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND EDU-CATION. 
The Secretary, in conjunction with the Secretary of Labor and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, shall provide technical assistance and education to workers and small businesses with respect to— (1) the eligibility of workers for benefits under the supplemental nutrition assistance program established under the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.); and (2) other benefits associated with employ-ment-based income. SA 3360. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 62ll. MIDDLE MILE BROADBAND INFRA-STRUCTURE. 
Section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘middle mile infrastructure’’ before ‘‘in rural areas’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) M
IDDLE MILE INFRASTRUCTURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘middle mile infrastructure’ means any broadband infra-structure that does not connect directly to an end user location (including an anchor in-stitution). ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘middle mile infrastructure’ may include interoffice transport, backhaul, internet connectivity, data centers, or special access transport to rural areas.’’; (3) in subsection (c) (as amended by section 6206(2))— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and to construct, improve, or acquire middle mile infrastructure’’ after ‘‘broadband service’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A)(i) (as amended by section 6206(2)(C)) by inserting ‘‘or, in the case of middle mile infrastructure, offer the future ability to link’’ after ‘‘provide broadband service’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) L
IMITATION ON MIDDLE MILE INFRA -
STRUCTURE PROJECTS .—The Secretary shall limit grants, loans, or loan guarantees for middle mile infrastructure projects to not more than 20 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section.’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or extend middle mile infrastructure’’ before ‘‘to all’’; and (ii) in clause (iii) (as amended by section 6206(3)(A)(i)(III)), by inserting ‘‘or middle mile infrastructure’’ before ‘‘described’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or in-stall middle mile infrastructure’’ before ‘‘in the proposed’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION FOR MIDDLE MILE INFRA -
STRUCTURE .—Portions of a middle mile infra-structure project that uses funds provided under this section that otherwise meet the rural service requirements of this section may traverse an area that is not a rural area when necessary.’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, or to construct, improve, or acquire middle mile infrastructure in,’’ before ‘‘a rural area’’; (D) in paragraph (5)(A)(v), by inserting ‘‘or, in the case of middle mile infrastructure, connect’’ after ‘‘to service’’; and (E) in paragraph (8)(A)(ii)— (i) in subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘or may’’ before ‘‘receive’’; (ii) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or capa-bility of middle mile infrastructure’’ after ‘‘service’’; and (iii) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘area’’ and inserting ‘‘area, if applicable’’; (5) in subsection (i)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘ORMIDDLE MILEINFRASTRUCTURE ’’ after ‘‘S
ERVICE ’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or middle mile infra-structure’’ before ‘‘in rural areas’’; and (6) in subsection (j)(6), by inserting ‘‘or middle mile infrastructure’’ after ‘‘service’’ the first and third places it appears. 
SA 3361. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH (for her-self, Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 17ll. APPLICATION. 
The amendments made by sections 1704 and 1705 shall not apply until the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a detailed report that af-firms that the implementation of those amendments would not negatively impact farm income levels, land values, and the fi-nancial stability of farms in all regions of the United States. 
SA 3362. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self, Mr. D
AINES , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 8101 insert the following: 
SEC. 8101. STATE AND PRIVATE FOREST LAND-SCAPE-SCALE RESTORATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13A of the Coop-erative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2109a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 13A. STATE AND PRIVATE FOREST LAND-SCAPE-SCALE RESTORATION PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to encourage collaborative, science-based restoration of priority forest landscapes, as identified in— ‘‘(1) a State-wide assessment under section 2A(a)(1); or ‘‘(2) a long-term State-wide forest resource strategy under section 2A(a)(2). ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(2) N
ONINDUSTRIAL PRIVATE FOREST  
LAND .—The term ‘nonindustrial private for-est land’ means land that— ‘‘(A) has existing tree cover or is suitable for growing trees; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.055 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4756 June 28, 2018 
‘‘(B) is owned by any private individual, group, association, corporation, Indian tribe, or other private legal entity. ‘‘(3) S
TATE FOREST LAND .—The term ‘State forest land’ means land that is— ‘‘(A) under State or local governmental ownership; and ‘‘(B) considered to be non-Federal forest land. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with State foresters or appro-priate State agencies, shall establish a com-petitive grant program to provide financial and technical assistance to encourage col-laborative, science-based restoration of pri-ority landscapes. ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a State forester or another appropriate entity, on approval of the State forester, shall submit to the Sec-retary a State and private forest landscape- scale restoration proposal based on a res-toration strategy that— ‘‘(1) is complete or substantially complete; ‘‘(2) is for a multiyear period; ‘‘(3) enhances public benefits from trees and forests on nonindustrial private forest land or State forest land, as identified in— ‘‘(A) a State-wide assessment under section 2A(a)(1); or ‘‘(B) a long-term State-wide forest re-source strategy under section 2A(a)(2); ‘‘(4) is accessible by wood-processing infra-structure; and ‘‘(5) is based on the best available science. ‘‘(e) P
LAN CRITERIA .—A State and private forest landscape-scale restoration proposal submitted under this section shall include plans— ‘‘(1) to reduce the risk of uncharacteristic wildfires; ‘‘(2) to improve fish and wildlife habitats, including the habitats of threatened and en-dangered species; ‘‘(3) to maintain or improve water quality and watershed function; ‘‘(4) to mitigate invasive species, insect in-festation, and disease; ‘‘(5) to improve important forest eco-systems; ‘‘(6) to measure ecological and economic benefits, including air quality and soil qual-ity and productivity; or ‘‘(7) to take other relevant actions, as de-termined by the Secretary. ‘‘(f) P
RIORITIES .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to plans that— ‘‘(1) further a statewide forest assessment and resource strategy; ‘‘(2) promote cross boundary landscape col-laboration; and ‘‘(3) leverage public and private resources. ‘‘(g) C
OLLABORATION AND CONSULTATION .— The Chief of the Forest Service, the Chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service, and relevant stakeholders shall collaborate and consult on an ongoing basis regarding— ‘‘(1) administration of the program estab-lished under this section; and ‘‘(2) identification of other applicable re-sources for landscape-scale restoration. ‘‘(h) M
ATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), as a condition of receiving a grant under this section, the Secretary shall require the recipient of the grant to provide funds or in-kind support from non-Federal sources in an amount that is at least equal to the amount of Federal funds. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in any case in which the Secretary de-termines that— ‘‘(A) the recipient of the grant is unable to obtain from non-Federal sources the match-ing funds required under that paragraph; and ‘‘(B) regardless of that inability, the bene-fits of the project of the recipient justify carrying out the project. ‘‘(i) COORDINATION AND PROXIMITY ENCOUR -
AGED .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary may consider coordination with and proximity to other landscape-scale projects on other land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, the Secretary of the Inte-rior, or a Governor of a State, including under— ‘‘(1) the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program established under sec-tion 4003 of the Omnibus Public Land Man-agement Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303); ‘‘(2) landscape areas designated for insect and disease treatments under section 602 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a); ‘‘(3) good neighbor authority under section 19; ‘‘(4) stewardship end result contracting projects authorized under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c); ‘‘(5) appropriate State-level programs; and ‘‘(6) other relevant programs, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(j) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amounts made available to carry out this section, the Sec-retary shall use— ‘‘(A) 50 percent for allocation through a competitive grant process; and ‘‘(B) 50 percent for allocation proportion-ally to States, in consultation with State foresters, to address the highest national pri-orities, as identified in— ‘‘(i) a State-wide assessment under section 2A(a)(1); or ‘‘(ii) a long-term State-wide forest re-source strategy under section 2A(a)(2). ‘‘(2) M
ULTIYEAR PROJECTS .—The Secretary may provide amounts under this section for multiyear projects. ‘‘(k) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall promulgate such regulations as the Sec-retary determines necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(l) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report on— ‘‘(1) the status of development, execution, and administration of selected projects; ‘‘(2) the accounting of program funding ex-penditures; and ‘‘(3) specific accomplishments that have re-sulted from landscape-scale projects. ‘‘(m) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $20,000,000 for the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this section and each fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2023, to remain available until expended.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 13B of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2109b) is re-pealed. (2) Section 19(a)(4)(C) of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2113(a)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 13A and 13B’’ and inserting ‘‘section 13A’’. 
SA 3363. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. HEALTH CARE FOR FARMERS AND RANCHERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall award grants to States and nonprofit entities to establish and sup-port programs to mitigate the financial risk posed to farms and ranches by high health costs by— (1) providing information and services to assist farmers and ranchers to determine their eligibility for comprehensive health coverage; and (2) subsidizing out-of-pocket health ex-penditures for farmers and ranchers who are enrolled in comprehensive health coverage and have annual household incomes below 500 percent of the Federal poverty rate. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
ARMERS AND RANCHERS .—The term ‘‘farmers and ranchers’’ means individuals who work as farmers or ranchers, and any spouse or dependant (as defined in section 152 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of such an individual. (2) C
OMPREHENSIVE HEALTH COVERAGE .—The term ‘‘comprehensive health coverage’’ means public or private health insurance coverage that— (A) offers— (i) benefits that are at least equivalent to the essential health benefits package under section 1302(a) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022(a)); and (ii) consumer protections that are at least equivalent to the consumer protections re-quired under such Act and under title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg et seq.), including protections for indi-viduals with pre-existing conditions; or (B) meets the requirements for being min-imum essential coverage under section 5000A(f)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect on June 1, 2018. (3) O
UT-OF-POCKET HEALTH EXPENDITURES .— The term ‘‘out-of-pocket health expendi-tures’’ means health insurance deductibles, copayments, coinsurance, or other cost-shar-ing incurred by individuals and families en-rolled in comprehensive health insurance benefits. (c) N
UMBER OF AWARDS .—The Secretary shall make awards under this section to eli-gible applicants located in not fewer than 10 States. (d) G
RANT PERIOD .—Grants under this sec-tion shall be awarded for not longer than a 5- year period and may be renewed at the Sec-retary’s discretion. (e) S
ELECTION PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall— (1) give priority to States and nonprofit en-tities located in States where, according to the most recent Census of Agriculture the primary occupation of not less than half of principal farm operators is farming; and (2) ensure that grantees and grant funds are distributed across Census of Agriculture regions and divisions. (f) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds made available under this section shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, or private funds that are made available for the purposes described in subsection (a). (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until ex-pended. 
SA 3364. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. R
UBIO) proposed an amendment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.055 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4757 June 28, 2018 
amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 257, line 2, insert after the period the following: ‘‘Funds may not be used as de-scribed in the previous sentence in con-travention with directives set forth under the National Security Presidential Memo-randum entitled ‘Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba’ issued by the President on June 16, 2017, during the pe-riod in which that memorandum is in effect. 
SA 3365. Mr. ROBERTS (for Ms. C
ANTWELL (for herself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In section 8632(f), strike paragraph (2) and insert the following: (2) P
ROJECT WORK .—If the Secretary ap-proves a supplement to an approved plan under subsection (c) of section 512 of the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1772) or an agreement entered into under subsection (d)(1) of that section that covers a vegetation management project under the pilot program, the liability provisions of subsection (g) of that section shall apply to the vegetation management project. 
SA 3366. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Section 8206(b) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a(b)) (as amended by sec-tion 8624(b)(2)(D)) is amended, in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘monies received from’’ and inserting ‘‘monies or receipts received from or on account of’’. 
SA 3367. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 8503, strike subsection (b) and insert the following: (b) C
OMMUNITY CAPACITY AND LAND STEW-
ARDSHIP PROGRAM .—The National Forest Foundation Act is amended by inserting after section 406 (16 U.S.C. 583j–4) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 406A. COMMUNITY CAPACITY AND LAND STEWARDSHIP PROGRAM. 
‘‘The Foundation shall establish and ad-minister a program, to be known as the ‘Community Capacity and Land Stewardship Program’, under which the Secretary may provide grants to collaborative groups and community-based organizations to build the capacity of the collaborative group or com-munity-based organization— ‘‘(1) to implement landscape-scale restora-tion projects; and ‘‘(2) to facilitate job creation and retention in the local economy of the collaborative group or community-based organization.’’. (c) REPORT ON BEST PRACTICES .—Section 407 of the National Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–5) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON BESTPRACTICES .— ‘‘(1) R
EVIEW .—The Foundation shall con-duct a review of the organization and activi-ties of collaboratives and groups carrying out collaborative processes to increase the quantity of projects or activities carried out on National Forest System land or public land. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2019, subject to the availability of appropriations, the Foundation shall publish a report describing the findings of the review conducted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) C
ONTENT .—At a minimum, the report under subparagraph (A) shall identify and de-scribe the tools and best practices that are frequently used by the highest performing collaboratives and groups carrying out col-laborative processes described in paragraph (1).’’. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS ; AD-
DITIONAL FUNDS .—Section 410 of the National Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–8) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out sections 406A and 407(c) $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary shall make available to the Foundation the amounts appropriated under paragraph (1) to match, on a 1-for-1 basis, private contribu-tions made to the Foundation to establish or administer the Community Capacity and Land Stewardship Program established under section 406A.’’. Strike section 8631 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 8631. COLLABORATIVE FOREST LANDSCAPE RESTORATION PROGRAM. 
(a) S ELECTION OF NEWPROPOSALS .—Section 4003(d) of the Omnibus Public Land Manage-ment Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(d)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) past performance.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) S
ELECTION OF NEW PROPOSALS .—During fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall ‘‘(A) cease all expenditures from the Fund for proposals selected prior to fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(B) subject to the availability of appro-priations, select, in a manner consistent with this subsection, the best proposals that have been nominated during fiscal year 2019 under subsection (c). ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REEVALUATION .—For each of fiscal years 2020 through 2030, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) in accordance with subsection (g)(3), determine whether the targets included in a selected proposal for the fiscal year were achieved; ‘‘(B) discontinue transferring amounts from the Fund to implement a selected pro-posal that did not achieve any target during the preceding 2 fiscal years; and ‘‘(C) subject to the availability of appro-priations, select an additional proposal to re-place a proposal that did not achieve any target during the preceding 2 fiscal years.’’. (b) REMOVAL OF LIMITATIONS ON SELEC-
TIONS .—Section 4003(d)(3) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C.7303(d)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘than—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(C) the number’’ and inserting ‘‘than the num-ber’’. (c) N
ON-FEDERAL INVESTMENT IN THE PRI-
ORITY LANDSCAPE .—Section 4003(f)(4) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C.7303(f)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) N
ON-FEDERAL INVESTMENT .—The Sec- retary shall not expend money from the Fund for a proposal if the investment made by the Secretary would comprise more than 50 percent of the total investment for car-rying out the proposal.’’. (d) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 4003(f)(6) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(f)(6)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘and $80,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2030’’ after ‘‘2019’’. (e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 4003(h) of the Omnibus Public Land Manage-ment Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(h)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate;’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SA 3368. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 8402 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 8402. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR HAZARDOUS FUEL REDUCTION ON FEDERAL LAND. 
Section 108 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6518) is amended by striking ‘‘$760,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000,000’’. 
SA 3369. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE llOUTSOURCING PREVENTION 
SEC. l01. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
OMMERCE .—The term ‘‘commerce’’ means trade, traffic, commerce, transpor-tation, or communication among the several 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.056 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4758 June 28, 2018 
States, or between the District of Columbia or any Territory of the United States and any State or other Territory, or between any foreign country and any State, Territory, or the District of Columbia, or within the Dis-trict of Columbia or any Territory, or be-tween points in the same State but through any other State or any Territory or the Dis-trict of Columbia or any foreign country. (2) E
MPLOYER .—The term ‘‘employer’’ means any business entity with 1 or more lo-cations in the United States that— (A) is engaged in commerce, or in an indus-try affecting commerce; and (B) employs— (i) 50 or more employees, excluding part- time employees; or (ii) 50 or more employees who in the aggre-gate work at least 2,000 hours per week (ex-clusive of hours of overtime). (3) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal agency’’ means an executive agency (as de-fined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code) and a military department (as defined in section 102 of such title). (4) O
UTSOURCING .—The term ‘‘outsourcing’’ means the closing, by an employer, of a site, facility, or operating unit in the United States and the opening of another site, facil-ity, or operating unit by the employer in a foreign country. (5) P
ART-TIME EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘part- time employee’’ means an employee who— (A) is employed for an average of fewer than 20 hours per week; or (B) has been employed for fewer than 6 of the 12 months preceding the date on which notice described in section l02(a)(1) is re-quired. (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Labor. (7) S
ITE, FACILITY , OR OPERATING UNIT .—The term ‘‘site, facility, or operating unit’’ means a single site of employment or 1 or more facilities or operating units within a single site of employment. 
SEC. l02. LIST OF OUTSOURCING EMPLOYERS. 
(a) N OTICE REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An employer that intends to engage in the outsourcing of a site, facil-ity, or operating unit shall notify the Sec-retary not less than 120 days before such out-sourcing. (2) D
ETERMINATION OF OUTSOURCING BY SEC -
RETARY .—The Secretary may investigate any instance where an employer is suspected of engaging in outsourcing described in para-graph (1) without providing the required no-tification. If the Secretary determines, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that the employer is in violation of paragraph (1), the Secretary— (A) shall include the employer on the list of employers engaged in outsourcing, in ac-cordance with subsection (b); and (B) may assess a civil fine in accordance with paragraph (3). (3) F
INE.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an employer that fails to notify the Secretary under paragraph (1) by not less than 120 days before outsourcing a site, facility, or operating unit shall be sub-ject to a civil fine in an amount not to ex-ceed $50,000 for each day that the required notice was not provided. (B) D
EFENSE .—An employer that has en-gaged in outsourcing a site, facility, or oper-ating unit shall not be subject to a civil fine described in subparagraph (A) if the em-ployer can demonstrate that— (i) the employer created, by not later than 90 days after the date of the outsourcing of a site, facility, or operating unit, a number of new jobs in the United States that is equal to, or greater than, the number of jobs lost due to the outsourcing activity; and (ii) on average, the new jobs offer substan-tially similar or improved wages and bene-fits, as compared to the jobs lost due to the outsourcing activity. (b) LIST.— (1) C
OMPILATION .—The Secretary shall compile, on a semiannual basis, a list of all employers that engage in outsourcing, as de-termined under paragraph (2). (2) E
MPLOYER PLACEMENT ON LIST .—In any case where the Secretary determines that an employer has engaged in outsourcing with-out creating an equal or greater number of substantially similar jobs before the end of the 90-day period described in subsection (a)(3)(B), the Secretary shall— (A) include the employer on the next semi-annual list compiled by the Secretary under paragraph (1); and (B) keep the employer on subsequent semi-annual lists for not less than the 5-year pe-riod beginning on the date on which the em-ployer was first included on the list under subparagraph (A). (3) A
DDITIONAL TERM .—In any case where an employer included on the most recent list described in paragraph (1) engages in addi-tional outsourcing activity without creating an equal or greater number of substantially similar jobs before the end of the 90-day pe-riod described in subsection (a)(3)(B)— (A) the employer shall provide the notice required under subsection (a)(1) for each such additional outsourcing activity; and (B) the 5-year period described in para-graph (2)(B) for such employer shall be cal-culated using the date that is 90 days after the beginning date for the most recent out-sourcing activity. (4) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall— (A) post each list described in paragraph (1) on the website of the Department of Labor; and (B) submit each such list to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. l03. TREATMENT OF FEDERAL GRANTS AND GUARANTEED LOANS FOR OUT-SOURCING EMPLOYERS. 
(a) I NELIGIBILITY FOR FEDERAL GRANTS AND  L
OANS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the head of each Federal agency shall, before awarding any Federal grant, Federal loan, or Federal guaranteed loan to an employer— (1) consult the most recent semiannual lists described in section ll02(b)(1) for the 5 years preceding the date of the award deter-mination; and (2) if the employer appears on any such list, deem such employer to be ineligible for the Federal grant, Federal loan, or Federal guaranteed loan. (b) N
ON-OUTSOURCING CONDITION FOR ALL F
EDERAL GRANTS AND LOANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the head of each Fed-eral agency shall ensure that any employer receiving a Federal grant, Federal loan, or Federal guaranteed loan from the Federal agency agree, as a condition of the grant or loan, that— (A) the employer will not engage in out-sourcing for the 10-year period following the receipt of the grant or loan; and (B) if the employer is included on a semi-annual list described in section ll02(b)(1) during such period— (i) in the case of a Federal grant, the em-ployer shall repay the full amount of the grant immediately; and (ii) in the case of a Federal loan or Federal guaranteed loan, the full amount of the loan shall become due as of the date of the em-ployer’s inclusion on the list, and the em-ployer shall repay the loan immediately. (2) RETURN OF FUNDS .—Any amounts repaid under paragraph (1) shall be returned to the Treasury of the United States. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to all Federal grants, Federal loans, or Federal guaranteed loans awarded, entered into, or renewed on or after the effective date of this title. 
SEC. l04. PROCUREMENT PREFERENCE FOR EM-PLOYERS REMAINING IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Any employer that appears on the most re-cent list compiled pursuant to section ll02(b)(1)— (1) shall be ineligible to enter into a con-tract with a Federal agency for the procure-ment of property or services; and (2) shall be included on the List of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement and Nonprocurement Programs maintained by the Administrator of General Services under part 9 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. 
SEC. l05. FEDERAL BENEFITS FOR WORKERS. 
No provision of this title shall be con-strued to permit the withholding or denial of payments, compensation, or benefits under any other Federal law (including Federal un-employment compensation, disability pay-ments, or worker retraining or readjustment funds) to workers employed by employers that engage in outsourcing. 
SEC. l06. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title shall take effect beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SA 3370. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 4102(a), redesignate paragraph (3) as paragraph (4). In section 4102(a), strike paragraph (2) and insert the following: (2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) T
RADITIONAL FOOD PURCHASES .—Sub- ject to the availability of appropriations to carry out this paragraph, the Secretary may purchase, subject to availability, bison meat, reindeer meat, wild salmon, and other tradi-tional indigenous foods for recipients of food distributed under this subsection, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) bison meat and reindeer meat from— ‘‘(i) Native American bison or reindeer pro-ducers; and ‘‘(ii) producer-owned cooperatives of bison and reindeer ranchers; ‘‘(B) wild salmon from an eligible entity described in section 305(i)(1)(D) of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i)(1)(D)); ‘‘(C) blue cornmeal; and ‘‘(D) wild rice.’’; (3) in paragraph (6), by striking subpara-graph (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(F) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this paragraph $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(ii) A
PPROPRIATIONS IN ADVANCE .—Only funds appropriated under clause (i) in ad-vance specifically to carry out this para-graph shall be available to carry out this paragraph.’’; and 
SA 3371. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. T
HUNE (for himself and Mr. B ROWN )) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.057 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4759 June 28, 2018 
proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 11ll. OPTION TO CHANGE PRODUCER ELECTION. 
Section 1115 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9015) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) O
PTION TO CHANGE PRODUCER ELEC-
TION.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), for the 2021 crop year, all of the producers on a farm may make a 1-time, irrevocable elec-tion to change the election applicable to the producers on the farm under that subsection or subsection (c), as applicable, to price loss coverage or agriculture risk coverage, as ap-plicable, which shall apply to the producers on the farm for each of the 2021, 2022, and 2023 crop years.’’. 
SA 3372. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3176 submitted by Mrs. F
EINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2 of the amendment, strike line 7 and insert the following: eral budget deficit reduction. ‘‘(10) P
ROHIBITION ON PAYMENT OF PORTION  
OF PREMIUM BY CORPORATION FOR GRAPES  
USED FOR WINE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning with the 2019 reinsurance year, notwithstanding any other provision of this subtitle, the Cor-poration shall not pay any portion of the premium for a policy or plan of insurance for grapes used for wine under this subtitle. ‘‘(B) D
EFICIT REDUCTION .—Any savings real-ized as a result of subparagraph (A) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for Fed-eral budget deficit reduction.’’. 
SA 3373. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3176 submitted by Mrs. F
EINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1 of the amendment, strike line 2 and all that follows through page 2, line 7 and insert the following: 
SEC. 11112. PROHIBITION ON PAYMENT OF POR-TION OF PREMIUM BY CORPORA-TION FOR GRAPES USED FOR WINE. 
Section 508(e) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(e)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(9) P
ROHIBITION ON PAYMENT OF PORTION OF  
PREMIUM BY CORPORATION FOR GRAPES USED  
FOR WINE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective beginning with the 2019 reinsurance year, notwithstanding any other provision of this subtitle, the Cor-poration shall not pay any portion of the premium for a policy or plan of insurance for grapes used for wine under this subtitle. ‘‘(B) DEFICIT REDUCTION .—Any savings real-ized as a result of subparagraph (A) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for Fed-eral budget deficit reduction.’’. 
SA 3374. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 61ll. WATER OR WASTE DISPOSAL GRANTS OR DIRECT OR GUARANTEED LOANS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE FOR UNSERVED AND UNDER -
SERVED RURAL COMMUNITIES .—Section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)) (as amended by section 6105) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) A
SSISTANCE FOR UNSERVED AND UNDER -
SERVED RURAL COMMUNITIES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF UNSERVED OR UNDER -
SERVED RURAL COMMUNITY .—In this para-graph, the term ‘unserved or underserved rural community’ means a rural area that, as determined by the Secretary, lacks the technical, financial, organizational, and managerial capacity to adequately operate, maintain, and effectively serve the popu-lation of the rural area. ‘‘(B) W
ATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL DIRECT  
LOANS .—The Secretary may make water and waste disposal direct loans under paragraph (1) to eligible entities described in subpara-graph (C) at the interest rate applicable to areas where the median family income is below the poverty line, as determined under section 307(a)(3)(A), for projects for unserved or underserved rural communities. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to receive a direct loan under subparagraph (B), an applicant shall be a contiguous or local utility outside of the unserved or under-served rural community to be served by the project funded by the direct loan that, as de-termined by the Secretary— ‘‘(i) has a demonstrated experience and ca-pacity in delivering water programs or wastewater programs under this Act; ‘‘(ii) demonstrates the capacity to provide service to the applicable unserved or under-served rural community; ‘‘(iii) demonstrates that— ‘‘(I) the project funded by the direct loan is solely for the purpose of serving the applica-ble unserved or underserved rural commu-nity; and ‘‘(II) the maximum financial benefit of the assistance under this paragraph will be con-ferred to that unserved or underserved rural community; and ‘‘(iv) demonstrates that the applicable unserved or underserved rural community— ‘‘(I) has willingly entered into a formal agreement with the applicant for service by the applicant; and ‘‘(II) entered into the agreement described in subclause (I) with the understanding that the unserved or underserved rural commu-nity is eligible for water and waste disposal direct loans under paragraph (1) independ-ently of any direct loan under this para-graph.’’. (b) D
IRECT AND GUARANTEED LOANS .—Sec- tion 343(a)(13)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(B)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘For the purpose’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) GRANTS AND DIRECT LOANS .—For the purpose’’; (2) in clause (i) (as so designated)— (A) by striking ‘‘and guaranteed’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(24)’’ and inserting ‘‘(28)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) G
UARANTEED LOANS .—For the purpose of water and waste disposal guaranteed loans provided under paragraphs (1) and (24) of sec-tion 306(a), the terms ‘rural’ and ‘rural area’ mean a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a population of not more than 50,000 inhabitants.’’. 
SA 3375. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 141, strike lines 15 through 21 and insert the following: ‘‘(2) establish payments to provide an in-centive for the use of practices, such as cover crops, no-till farming, nutrient management, resource-conserving crop rotations, and other similar practices approved under the program; and 
SA 3376. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII, in-sert the following: 
SEC. 8ll. REFORMS AND OVERSIGHT TO U.S. FOREST SERVICE CONTRACTING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H–2B 
NONIMMIGRANT .—The term ‘‘H–2B nonimmigrant’’ means a nonimmigrant de-scribed in section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b)). (2) P
ROSPECTIVE H –2B EMPLOYER .—The term ‘‘prospective H–2B employer’’ means a United States business that is considering employing 1 or more H–2B nonimmigrants. (3) S
TATE WORKFORCE AGENCY .—Except as used in subsection (b), the term ‘‘State work-force agency’’ means the workforce agency of the State in which the prospective H–2B employer intends to employ H–2B non-immigrants. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF LABOR .— (1) R
ECRUITMENT .—As a component of the labor certification process required before H– 2B nonimmigrants are offered employment through United States Forest Service timber or service contracts in the United States, the Secretary of Labor shall require all prospec-tive H–2B employers, before submitting a pe-tition to hire H–2B nonimmigrants, to con-duct a robust effort to recruit United States workers, including— (A) advertising at employment or job- placement events, such as job fairs; (B) advertising with State or local work-force agencies, nonprofit organizations, or other appropriate entities, and working with such entities to identify potential employ-ees; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.057 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4760 June 28, 2018 
(C) advertising in appropriate media, in-cluding local radio stations and commonly used, reputable Internet job-search sites; (D) provide potential United States work-ers at least 30 days from the date on which a job announcement is posted (or such longer period as the State workforce considers ap-propriate) to apply for such employment in person, by mail, by email, or by facsimile machine; (E) include a valid phone number that po-tential United States workers may call to get additional information about such em-ployment opportunity; and (F) such other recruitment strategies as the State workforce agency considers appro-priate for the sector or positions for which H–2B nonimmigrants would be considered. (2) S
EPARATE PETITIONS .—A prospective H– 2B employer shall submit a separate petition for each State in which the employer plans to employ H–2B nonimmigrants as part of a United States Forest Service timber or serv-ice contract for a period of 7 days or longer. (c) S
TATE WORKFORCE AGENCIES .—The Sec- retary of Labor may not grant a temporary labor certification to a prospective H–2B em-ployer seeking to employ H–2B non-immigrants as part of a United States Forest Service timber or service contract until after the Director of the State workforce agency— (1) has provided United States workers who may be interested in the position with appli-cation instructions; (2) has formally consulted with the work-force agency director of each contiguous State listed on the prospective H–2B employ-er’s application and determined that— (A) the employer has complied with all re-cruitment requirements set forth in sub-section (b) and there is a legitimate demand for the employment of H–2B nonimmigrants in each of those States; or (B) the employer has amended the applica-tion by removing or making appropriate modifications with respect to the States in which the criteria set forth in subparagraph (A) have not been met; (3) certifies that the prospective H–2B em-ployer has complied with all recruitment re-quirements set forth in subsection (b) or any other applicable provision of law; and (4) makes a formal determination and cer-tifies to the Secretary of Labor that nation-als of the United States are not qualified or available to fill the employment opportuni-ties offered by the prospective H–2B em-ployer. 
SA 3377. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 1301(a), strike the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘(3) in subsection (i)’’ and insert the following: (a) E
XTENSION AND PROVISION FOR ENSURING  A
DEQUATE SUPPLIES AT REASONABLE  P
RICES .—Section 156 of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘W
HILE ENSURING ADEQUATE SUPPLIES AT  REASONABLE PRICES ’’ after ‘‘F ORFEITURES ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘ensure adequate supplies of sugar at reasonable prices and’’ after ‘‘shall’’; and (4) in subsection (i) In section 1301(b)(2), strike the paragraph designation and all that follows through ‘‘Section’’ and insert the following: (2) A
DMINISTRATION OF TARIFF -RATE  
QUOTAS .—Section 359k of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 (7 U.S.C. 1359kk) is repealed. (3) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—Section 
SA 3378. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 9109 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 9109. FEEDSTOCK FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM FOR BIOENERGY PRODUCERS TER-MINATION. 
Section 9010 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8110) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may not carry out the feedstock flexibility program under subsection (b) for the 2019 or subse-quent crops of eligible commodities.’’. 
SEC. 9110. SUGAR PROGRAM. 
(a) L OAN RATES .—Section 156 of the Fed-eral Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272) (as amended by sec-tion 1301(a)) is amended by striking sub-sections (a) and (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) S
UGARCANE .—The Secretary shall make loans available to processors of domes-tically grown sugarcane at a rate equal to— ‘‘(1) 18.75 cents per pound for raw cane sugar for the 2018 crop year; and ‘‘(2) 18.00 cents per pound for raw cane sugar for the 2019 through 2023 crop years. ‘‘(b) S
UGAR BEETS.—The Secretary shall make loans available to processors of domes-tically grown sugar beets at a rate equal to 128.5 percent of the loan rate per pound of raw cane sugar for the applicable crop year under subsection (a) for each of the 2018 through 2023 crop years.’’. (b) A
VOIDING FORFEITURES WHILE ENSURING  A
DEQUATE SUPPLIES AT REASONABLE  P
RICES .—Section 156(f) of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272(f)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘W
HILE ENSURING ADEQUATE SUPPLIES AT  R
EASONABLE PRICES ’’ after ‘‘F ORFEITURES ’’; and (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘ensure adequate supplies of sugar at reasonable prices and’’ after ‘‘shall’’. 
SEC. 9111. ADMINISTRATION OF TARIFF-RATE QUOTAS. 
Part VII of subtitle B of title III of the Ag-ricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 (7 U.S.C. 1359aa et seq.) (as amended by section 1301(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART VII—SUGAR 
‘‘SEC. 359. ADMINISTRATION OF TARIFF-RATE QUOTAS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—At the beginning of fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year there-after through the end of the effective period described in subsection (d), the Secretary shall establish the tariff-rate quotas for raw cane sugar and refined sugar to provide ade-quate supplies of sugar at reasonable prices, but at no less than the minimum level nec-essary to comply with obligations under international trade agreements that have been approved by Congress. ‘‘(b) ADJUSTMENT AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary shall adjust tariff-rate quotas estab-lished under subsection (a) in such a manner as to ensure, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, that stocks of raw cane and refined beet sugar are adequate throughout the crop year to meet the needs of the marketplace, including the efficient utilization of cane re-fining capacity. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFER OF QUOTA SHARES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations that— ‘‘(A) promote full use of the tariff-rate quotas for raw cane sugar and refined sugar and ensure adequate supplies for cane refin-ers in the United States; and ‘‘(B) provide that any country that has been allocated a share of the quotas may temporarily transfer all or part of the share to any other country that has also been allo-cated a share of the quotas. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFERS VOLUNTARY .—Any transfer under this subsection shall be valid only pur-suant to a voluntary agreement between the transferor and the transferee, consistent with procedures established by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS WITH RE -
SPECT TO FISCAL YEAR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any transfer under this subsection shall be valid only for the dura-tion of the fiscal year during which the transfer is made. ‘‘(B) F
OLLOWING FISCAL YEAR .—No transfer under this subsection shall affect the share of the quota allocated to the transferor or transferee for the following fiscal year. ‘‘(d) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—This section shall be effective for fiscal years only through the 2023 crop year for sugar.’’. 
SA 3379. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
After section 8611, insert the following: 
SEC. 8612. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR COL-LABORATIVE RESTORATION PROJECTS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION  
TOFIREREGIME IV.—Section 603(c) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(c)) is amended by striking para-graph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) L
OCATION .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF FIRE REGIME IV .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Fire Regime IV’ means an area in which historically there are stand replacement severity fires with a frequency of 35 to 100 years. ‘‘(B) L
OCATION .—A project under this sec-tion shall be limited to areas— ‘‘(i) in the wildland-urban interface; or ‘‘(ii) for projects located outside the wildland-urban interface, within condition class 2 or condition class 3 in— ‘‘(I) fire regime I, fire regime II, or fire re-gime III; or ‘‘(II) fire regime IV— ‘‘(aa) if the Secretary determines, based on the best available scientific information, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.060 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4761 June 28, 2018 
that an authorized hazardous fuel reduction project is necessary to restore reference con-ditions and reduce the threat posed to the water quality of a municipal water supply, electrical transmission lines, or other infra-structure; and ‘‘(bb) if the project does not include clearcutting regeneration, coppice, or even- aged methods (as those terms are defined in Forest Service Manual 2470 (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018)).’’. (b) R
OADLESS AREA RESTRICTION .—Section 603(d) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) an inventoried roadless area.’’. 
SA 3380. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. S
COTT) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 4101, insert the following: 
SEC. 410ll. MULTIVITAMIN-MINERAL DIETARY SUPPLEMENTS ELIGIBLE FOR PUR-CHASE WITH SUPPLEMENTAL NU-TRITION ASSISTANCE BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking ‘‘and (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘(9)’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and (10) a multivitamin- mineral dietary supplement for home con-sumption’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (n) through (v) as subsections (o) through (w), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (m) the following: ‘‘(m) ‘Multivitamin-mineral dietary sup-plement’ means a substance that— ‘‘(1) provides at least 50 percent of the vita-mins and minerals for which the National Academy of Medicine establishes dietary ref-erence intakes, at 50 percent or more of the daily value for the intended life stage per daily serving, as determined by the Food and Drug Administration; and ‘‘(2) does not exceed the tolerable upper in-take levels for the nutrients for which an es-tablished tolerable upper intake level is de-termined by the National Academy of Medi-cine.’’; and (4) in paragraph (2) of subsection (r) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘and spices’’ and inserting ‘‘spices, and multivitamin-mineral dietary supplements’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 27(a)(2) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)(2)) is amended in subpara-graphs (C) and (E) by striking ‘‘3(u)(4)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘3(v)(4)’’. On page 275, lines 3 and 4, strike ‘‘Section 3(v) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012(v))’’ and insert ‘‘Subsection (w) of section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) (as redesignated by sec-tion 41ll(a)(2))’’. On page 312, strike lines 3 through 5. On page 312, line 6, strike ‘‘(DD)’’ and in-sert ‘‘(CC)’’. On page 312, line 10, strike ‘‘(EE)’’ and in-sert ‘‘(DD)’’. On page 312, line 14, strike ‘‘(FF)’’ and in-sert ‘‘(EE)’’. Strike section 4116 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 4116. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘7(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘7(h)’’; and (2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘7(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘7(h)’’. (b) Section 9(c) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2018(c)) is amended in the third sentence by striking ‘‘to any used by’’ and inserting ‘‘to, and used by,’’. (c) Section 10 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2019) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation’’ each place it appears. (d) Section 18(e) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2027(e)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘7(f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘7(e)’’. (e) Section 25(a)(1)(B)(i)(I) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2034(a)(1)(B)(i)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘service;;’’ and inserting ‘‘service;’’. 
SA 3381. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO ANIMAL FIGHTING. 
It is the sense of Congress that animal fighting should be prohibited in all United States territories. 
SA 3382. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 4103 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 4103. WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR ABLE-BOD-IED ADULTS WITHOUT DEPENDENTS. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—Section 2 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Congress further finds that it should also be the purpose of the supple-mental nutrition assistance program to in-crease employment, to encourage healthy marriage, and to promote prosperous self- sufficiency, which means the ability of households to maintain an income above the poverty level without services and benefits from the Federal Government.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) F
OOD.—Section 3(k) of the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012(k)) is amend-ed by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that a food, food product, meal, or other item described in this subsection shall be considered a food under this Act only if it is an essential (as determined by the Secretary)’’. (2) SUPERVISED JOB SEARCH .—Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (t) through (v) as subsections (u) through (w), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (s) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(t) S
UPERVISED JOBSEARCH .—The term ‘supervised job search’ means a job search program that has the following characteris-tics: ‘‘(1) The job search occurs at an official lo-cation where the presence and activity of the recipient can be directly observed, super-vised, and monitored. ‘‘(2) The entry, time onsite, and exit of the recipient from the official job search loca-tion are recorded in a manner that prevents fraud. ‘‘(3) The recipient is expected to remain and undertake job search activities at the job search center. ‘‘(4) The quantity of time the recipient is observed and monitored engaging in job search at the official location is recorded for purposes of compliance with the work and work activation requirements of sections 6(o) and 30.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 27(a)(2) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)(2)) is amended in subpara-graphs (C) and (E) by striking ‘‘3(u)(4)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘3(v)(4)’’. (c) W
ORK REQUIREMENT FOR ABLE-BODIED  A
DULTS WITHOUT DEPENDENTS .—Section 6(o) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(o)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘not less than 3 months (consecutive or otherwise)’’ and inserting ‘‘more than 1 month’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) participate in supervised job search for at least 8 hours per week.’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any fiscal year that begins after the effective date of the Ag-riculture Improvement Act of 2018.’’; (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
15-PERCENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ 5-PERCENT ’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)(ii)(IV), by striking ‘‘3 months’’ and inserting ‘‘1 month’’; and (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) P
ROMOTING WORK .—As a condition of receiving supplemental nutrition assistance program funds under this Act, a State agen-cy shall provide each individual subject to the work requirement of this subsection with the opportunity to participate in an activity selected by the State from among the op-tions described in subparagraphs (B), (C), and (E) of paragraph (2). ‘‘(9) P
ENALTIES FOR INADEQUATE STATE PER -
FORMANCE .—If a State agency fails to fully comply with this section, including the re-quirement to terminate the benefits of indi-viduals who fail to fulfill the work require-ments described in paragraph (2) during a fis-cal quarter, the funding allotment of the State for the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program shall be reduced by 10 percent for the quarter that begins 180 days after the first day of the quarter in which the non-compliance occurred.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.062 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4762 June 28, 2018 
(d) W ORKACTIVATION PROGRAM FOR ADULTS  W
ITHDEPENDENT CHILDREN .—The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 30. WORK ACTIVATION PROGRAM FOR ADULTS WITH DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘eli-gible participant’ means an individual who, during a particular month, is— ‘‘(A) a parent in a household with depend-ent children; ‘‘(B) at least 19, and not more than 55, years of age; ‘‘(C) not disabled; ‘‘(D) a member of a household in which 1 or more parents or children receive supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits in the month; ‘‘(E) a member of a household that received supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits for more than 3 months in the year; and ‘‘(F) employed less than 100 hours in the month. ‘‘(2) M
ARRIED COUPLE HOUSEHOLD .—The term ‘married couple household’ means a household that includes 2 eligible partici-pants who are married to each other and have dependent children. ‘‘(3) S
UCCESSFUL ENGAGEMENT IN WORK ACTI -
VATION .—The term ‘successful engagement in work activation’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of an individual who is eli-gible and required to participate in interim work activation, performance during the month that fulfills the activity and hour re-quirements of subsection (c); ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is re-quired to participate in full work activation, performance during the month that fulfills the activity and hour requirements of sub-section (d); and ‘‘(C) in the case of an individual who meets the eligibility criteria described in sub-section (e)(1), performance that fulfills the activity and hour requirements of that sub-section. ‘‘(4) W
ORK AND WORK PREPARATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The term ‘work and work preparation activities’ means— ‘‘(A) unsubsidized employment; ‘‘(B) subsidized private sector employment; ‘‘(C) subsidized public sector employment; ‘‘(D) work experience (including work asso-ciated with the refurbishing of publicly as-sisted housing) if sufficient private sector employment is not available; ‘‘(E) on-the-job training; ‘‘(F) job readiness assistance; ‘‘(G) a community service program; ‘‘(H) vocational educational training (not to exceed 1 year with respect to any indi-vidual); ‘‘(I) job skills training directly related to employment; ‘‘(J) education directly related to employ-ment, in the case of a recipient who has not received a high school diploma or a certifi-cate of high school equivalency; ‘‘(K) satisfactory attendance at secondary school or in a course of study leading to a certificate of general equivalence, in the case of a recipient who has not completed secondary school or received such a certifi-cate; ‘‘(L) the provision of child care services to an individual who is participating in a com-munity service program; ‘‘(M) workfare under section 20; and ‘‘(N) supervised job search. ‘‘(b) W
ORKACTIVATION PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, a State agency shall be required to operate a work activa-tion program for eligible participants. ‘‘(2) SPECIAL RULES FOR MARRIED COUPLE  
HOUSEHOLDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of eligible participants who are spouses in a married couple household— ‘‘(i) the work activation requirement of this section shall apply only if the sum of the combined current employment of both spouses is less than 100 hours per month; and ‘‘(ii) both spouses shall be considered to have achieved successful engagement in the work activation program if either spouse ful-fills the work activation requirements de-scribed in subsection (c), (d), or (e)(1). ‘‘(B) T
OTAL REQUIRED HOURS .—The total combined number of hours of required work and work preparation activities for both spouses in a married couple household shall not be greater than the total number of hours required for a single head of house-hold. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out this section, a State agency shall ensure that, for any month— ‘‘(i) the proportion that— ‘‘(I) the number of married couple house-holds that are required to participate in work activation under this section in a month; bears to ‘‘(II) the number of all households that are required to participate in work activation under this section in the same month; is not greater than— ‘‘(ii) the proportion that— ‘‘(I) the number of all married couple households with eligible participants in the month; bears to ‘‘(II) the number of all households with eli-gible participants in the same month. ‘‘(c) S
HORT -TERM INTERIM WORK ACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State agency may re-quire eligible participants who meet the cri-teria in paragraph (2) to engage in— ‘‘(A) interim work activation as described in this subsection; or ‘‘(B) full work activation as described in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—A State agency may re-quire an eligible participant to participate in interim work activation instead of full work activation if the eligible participant has not engaged in work activation under this sec-tion in the preceding 3 years. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED JOB SEARCH .—A participant in interim work activation shall be re-quired— ‘‘(A) to participate in supervised job search for at least 6 hours per week; and ‘‘(B) to engage in such additional activities as the State agency may require. ‘‘(4) T
IME LIMIT ON INTERIM WORK ACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible participant shall not participate in interim work activa-tion for more than 3 months. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL TIME .—After an eligible participant has participated in interim work activation for 3 months, the State agency shall require the eligible participant— ‘‘(i) to maintain at least 100 hours of em-ployment per month; or ‘‘(ii) to participate in full work activation. ‘‘(d) F
ULLWORKACTIVATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, a State agency shall require all or part of the eligible par-ticipants in the State to engage in full work activation under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An eligible partici-pant who is required to participate in full work activation in a month shall be required to engage in 1 or more work and work prepa-ration activities for an average of 100 hours per month. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Of the total number of required hours described in paragraph (2), not fewer than 20 hours per week shall be at-tributable to an activity described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (L), (M), or (N) of subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(4) PARTICIPATION IN COMMUNITY SERVICE  
OR WORKFARE .—At least 10 percent of the eli-gible participants that a State requires to participate in full work activation under this section shall be required to participate in ac-tivities described in subparagraph (D), (G), or (M) of subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(5) W
ORK ACTIVATION NOT EMPLOYMENT .— Other than unsubsidized employment de-scribed in subsection (a)(4)(A), participation in work and work preparation activities under this section shall not be— ‘‘(A) considered to be employment; or ‘‘(B) subject to any law pertaining to wages, compensation, hours, or conditions of employment under any law administered by the Secretary of Labor. ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL REQUIRED ACTIVITY .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (g), nothing in this section prevents a State from requiring more than 100 hours per month of participa-tion in work and work preparation activi-ties. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) S
INGLE TEEN HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD OR  
MARRIED TEEN WHO MAINTAINS SATISFACTORY  
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, an eligible participant who is married or a head of household and who has not attained 20 years of age shall be consid-ered to have completed successful engage-ment in work activation for a month if the eligible participant— ‘‘(A) maintains satisfactory attendance at secondary school or the equivalent during the month; or ‘‘(B) participates in education directly re-lated to employment for an average of at least 20 hours per week during the month. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF PERSONS WHO  
MAY BE TREATED AS ENGAGED IN WORK ACTIVA -
TION BY REASON OF PARTICIPATION IN EDU -
CATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, not more than 30 percent of the number of individuals in a State who are treated as having completed successful en-gagement in work activation for a month may be individuals who are determined to be engaged in work activation for the month by reason of participation in vocational edu-cational training. ‘‘(f) S
TATE OPTION FOR PARTICIPATION RE-
QUIREMENT EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any fiscal year, a State agency, at the option of the State agency, may— ‘‘(A) exempt a household that includes a child who has not attained 12 months of age from engaging in work activation; and ‘‘(B) disregard that household in deter-mining the monthly participation rates under this section until the child has at-tained 12 months of age. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, a household that includes a child who has not attained 6 years of age shall be considered to be successfully en-gaged in work activation for a month if a member of the household receiving supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits is engaged in work activation for an av-erage of at least 20 hours per week during the month. ‘‘(g) P
ENALTIES AGAINST INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), if an eligible participant in a household receiving assistance under the State program funded under this section fails to complete successful engagement in work activation in accordance with this sec-tion, the State agency shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.058 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4763 June 28, 2018 
‘‘(A) in accordance with paragraph (2), re-duce the amount of assistance otherwise payable to the entire household pro rata (or more, at the option of the State agency) with respect to the month immediately after any month in which the eligible participant fails to perform; or ‘‘(B) terminate the assistance entirely. ‘‘(2) P
RO RATA REDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), the amount of the pro rata reduction shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the normal monthly amount of assist-ance to the entire household that would have been received if not for the reduction under paragraph (1)(A); by ‘‘(B) the proportion that— ‘‘(i) the hours of required work and work preparation activities performed by the eli-gible participant during the month; bears to ‘‘(ii) the number or hours of work and work preparation activities the State agency re-quired the eligible participant to perform in accordance with this section. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A State may not reduce or terminate assistance under the State pro-gram funded under this section or any other State program funded with qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B))) based on a refusal of an eligible participant to engage in work and work preparation activities required under this section if— ‘‘(A) the eligible participant is a single custodial parent caring for a child who has not attained 6 years of age; and ‘‘(B) the eligible participant proves that the eligible participant has a demonstrated inability (as determined by the State agen-cy) to obtain needed child care, due to— ‘‘(i) unavailability of appropriate child care within a reasonable distance from the home or work site of the eligible participant; or ‘‘(ii) unavailability of all affordable child care arrangements, including formal child care and all informal child care by a relative or under other arrangements. ‘‘(h) L
IMITATION ON HOURS OF REQUIRED  P
ARTICIPATION IN COMMUNITY SERVICE OR  W
ORKFARE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The maximum number of hours during a month that an eligible partic-ipant shall be required under this section to work in a community service program or a workfare program under section 20 shall not exceed the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(A) the total dollar cost of all means-test-ed benefits received by the household for that month, as determined under paragraph (2); by ‘‘(B) the Federal minimum wage. ‘‘(2) T
OTAL DOLLAR COST OF ALL MEANS - 
TESTED BENEFITS DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the total dollar cost of all means-tested benefits shall equal the sum of the dollar cost of all benefits received by the household from— ‘‘(i) the supplemental nutrition assistance program; ‘‘(ii) the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) or any other State pro-gram funded with qualified State expendi-tures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B)(i))); and ‘‘(iii) any assistance provided to a house-hold, landlord, or public housing agency (as defined in section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(6))) to subsidize the rental payment for a dwelling unit, including assistance provided for public housing dwelling units under section 3 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a) and assistance provided under section 8 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f). ‘‘(B) VALUE OF BENEFITS DURING SANC -
TION.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), if the dollar value of 1 or more benefits re-ceived by a household in a month has been reduced under subsection (g) or another sanction requirement, the calculated dollar value of the sanctioned benefits shall equal the dollar value of the benefit that would have been received if the benefit had not been reduced by the sanction. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Nothing in this subsection prevents a State agency from requiring an eligible participant to engage in activities not described in paragraph (1) for additional hours during the month. ‘‘(i) W
ORK ACTIVATION PARTICIPATION  G
OALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, except as pro-vided in paragraph (2), a State agency shall achieve for each quarter of the fiscal year with respect to all eligible participants re-ceiving assistance under the State program funded under this section for that fiscal year at least the participation rate specified in the following table: ‘‘If the fiscal year is: The quarterly participation rate shall be at least: 
2019 ........................... 20 percent2020 ........................... 35 percent2021 ........................... 50 percent2022 ........................... 65 percent2023 ........................... 80 percent. 
‘‘(2) A DJUSTMENT IF RECESSIONARY PE -
RIOD.—If the average national unemploy-ment rate during a quarter of a fiscal year, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics of the Department of Labor, is more than 8 percent, the participation goal for the immediately succeeding quarter shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the applicable quarterly participation rate under paragraph (1); by ‘‘(B) 0.8. ‘‘(j) C
ALCULATION OF WORK ACTIVATION  P
ARTICIPATION RATES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF SANCTIONED RECIPIENT .— In this subsection, the term ‘sanctioned re-cipient’ means any eligible participant who— ‘‘(A) was required to participate in work activation in a month; ‘‘(B) failed to perform the assigned work and work preparation activities so as to meet the relevant hourly requirements in subsection (c), (d), or (e)(2); and ‘‘(C) was sanctioned by a reduced benefit payment in the subsequent month under sub-section (g). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The work activation participation rate for a State for any quarter of a fiscal year shall equal the average of the monthly participation rates for the State during the 3 months of that quarter. ‘‘(3) M
ONTHLY PARTICIPATION RATE .—For purposes of paragraph (2), the monthly par-ticipation rate shall equal the ratio of all countable participants to all eligible partici-pants in the month, as determined under paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) R
ATIO OF ALL COUNTABLE PARTICIPANTS  
TO ALL ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—Subject to paragraph (5), the ratio of all countable par-ticipants to all eligible participants in a month equals the proportion that— ‘‘(A) the sum obtained by adding— ‘‘(i) all eligible participants who— ‘‘(I) were required by the State to engage in interim work activation, full work activa-tion, or education under subsection (e)(1) during the month; and ‘‘(II) fulfilled the criteria for successful en-gagement in work activation for that activ-ity during the month; and ‘‘(ii) all sanctioned recipients for that month; bears to ‘‘(B) the average number of eligible partici-pants in the State in that month. ‘‘(5) MULTIPLE ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—A married couple household consisting of more than 1 eligible participant shall be counted as a single eligible participant for purposes of calculating the participation rate under this subsection. ‘‘(k) P
ENALTIES FOR INADEQUATE STATE  P
ERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 and for each subse-quent quarter of fiscal year 2020 and of each subsequent fiscal year, each State shall count the monthly average number of count-able participants under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN FUNDING .—If the month-ly average number of countable participants in a State of a fiscal year is not sufficient to fulfill the relevant work activation partici-pation goal under subsection (i) during that quarter, the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program funding for the State under this Act shall be reduced for the fiscal quar-ter that begins 180 days after the first day of the quarter in which the inadequate perform-ance occurred in accordance with paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) F
UNDING IN PENALIZED QUARTER .—The total amount of funding a State shall receive for all households with eligible participants for a quarter for which funding is reduced under paragraph (2) shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the total amount of funding that the State would have received in the preceding quarter for all households with eligible par-ticipants if no reduction had been in place; by ‘‘(B) the ratio of all countable participants to all eligible participants (as determined under subsection (j)(4)) for the quarter that began 180 days before the first day of the quarter for which funding is reduced. ‘‘(l) F
UNDING TOADMINISTER WORKACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) TANF 
FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State that receives supplemental nutrition assistance program funds under this Act may use dur-ing that fiscal year to carry out the work ac-tivation program of the State under this sec-tion— ‘‘(i) any of the Federal funds available to the State through the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) in that fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) any of the funds from State sources allocated to the operation of the program de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(B) E
FFECT .—Any State that uses State funds allocated to the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) to administer the work activation program of that State under this section may treat those funds as qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B)(i))) for purposes of meeting the requirements of section 409(a)(7) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)) in that fiscal year. ‘‘(2) W
ORKFORCE INVESTMENT ACT FUND -
ING.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State that receives Federal funds under the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.) may use up to 50 percent of those funds during that fiscal year to carry out the work activation program of the State under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.058 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4764 June 28, 2018 
‘‘(3) S UPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING PRO -
GRAM .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subse-quent fiscal year, a State that receives Fed-eral funds under this Act for an employment and training program under section 6(d) may use those funds during that fiscal year to carry out the work activation program of the State under this section.’’. (e) I
DENTIFICATION FOR CARDUSE.—Section 7(h)(9) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(9)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘O
PTIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘I
DENTIFICATION FOR CARD  
USE’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (3) by inserting before clause (i) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(A) L
ISTED BENEFICIARIES .—A State agen-cy shall require that an electronic benefit card lists the names of— ‘‘(i) the head of the household; ‘‘(ii) each adult member of the household; and ‘‘(iii) each adult that is not a member of the household that is authorized to use that card. ‘‘(B) P
HOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICATION RE -
QUIRED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under clause (ii), any individual listed on an elec-tronic benefit card under subparagraph (A) shall be required to show photographic iden-tification at the point of sale when using the card. ‘‘(ii) H
EAD OF HOUSEHOLD .—A head of a household is not required to show photo-graphic identification under clause (i) if the electronic benefit card contains a photo-graph of that individual under subparagraph (C)(i). ‘‘(C) O
PTIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICA -
TION.—’’; (4) in subparagraph (C) (as so designated)— (A) in clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘1 or more members of a’’ and in-serting ‘‘the head of the’’; and (B) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘subject to subparagraph (B)(i)’’ after ‘‘the card’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) V
ISUAL VERIFICATION .—Any individual that is shown photographic identification or an electronic benefit card containing a pho-tograph, as applicable, under subparagraph (B) shall visually confirm that the photo-graph on the identification or the electronic benefit card, as applicable, is a clear and ac-curate likeness of the individual using the electronic benefit card.’’. 
SA 3383. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. L EE, and Mr. I NHOFE ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike section 4103 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 4103. WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR ABLE-BOD-IED ADULTS WITHOUT DEPENDENTS. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—Section 2 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Congress further finds that it should also be the purpose of the supple-mental nutrition assistance program to in-crease employment, to encourage healthy marriage, and to promote prosperous self- sufficiency, which means the ability of households to maintain an income above the poverty level without services and benefits from the Federal Government.’’. (b) DEFINITIONS .— (1) F
OOD.—Section 3(k) of the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012(k)) is amend-ed by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that a food, food product, meal, or other item described in this subsection shall be considered a food under this Act only if it is an essential (as determined by the Secretary)’’. (2) S
UPERVISED JOB SEARCH .—Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (t) through (v) as subsections (u) through (w), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (s) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(t) S
UPERVISED JOBSEARCH .—The term ‘supervised job search’ means a job search program that has the following characteris-tics: ‘‘(1) The job search occurs at an official lo-cation where the presence and activity of the recipient can be directly observed, super-vised, and monitored. ‘‘(2) The entry, time onsite, and exit of the recipient from the official job search loca-tion are recorded in a manner that prevents fraud. ‘‘(3) The recipient is expected to remain and undertake job search activities at the job search center. ‘‘(4) The quantity of time the recipient is observed and monitored engaging in job search at the official location is recorded for purposes of compliance with the work and work activation requirements of sections 6(o) and 30.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 27(a)(2) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)(2)) is amended in subpara-graphs (C) and (E) by striking ‘‘3(u)(4)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘3(v)(4)’’. (c) W
ORK REQUIREMENT FOR ABLE-BODIED  A
DULTS WITHOUT DEPENDENTS .—Section 6(o) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(o)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘not less than 3 months (consecutive or otherwise)’’ and inserting ‘‘more than 1 month’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) participate in supervised job search for at least 8 hours per week.’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any fiscal year that begins after the effective date of the Ag-riculture Improvement Act of 2018.’’; (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
15-PERCENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ 5-PERCENT ’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)(ii)(IV), by striking ‘‘3 months’’ and inserting ‘‘1 month’’; and (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) P
ROMOTING WORK .—As a condition of receiving supplemental nutrition assistance program funds under this Act, a State agen-cy shall provide each individual subject to the work requirement of this subsection with the opportunity to participate in an activity selected by the State from among the op-tions described in subparagraphs (B), (C), and (E) of paragraph (2). ‘‘(9) PENALTIES FOR INADEQUATE STATE PER -
FORMANCE .—If a State agency fails to fully comply with this section, including the re-quirement to terminate the benefits of indi-viduals who fail to fulfill the work require-ments described in paragraph (2) during a fis-cal quarter, the funding allotment of the State for the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program shall be reduced by 10 percent for the quarter that begins 180 days after the first day of the quarter in which the non-compliance occurred.’’. (d) W
ORKACTIVATION PROGRAM FOR ADULTS  W
ITHDEPENDENT CHILDREN .—The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 30. WORK ACTIVATION PROGRAM FOR ADULTS WITH DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘eli-gible participant’ means an individual who, during a particular month, is— ‘‘(A) a parent in a household with depend-ent children; ‘‘(B) at least 19, and not more than 55, years of age; ‘‘(C) not disabled; ‘‘(D) a member of a household in which 1 or more parents or children receive supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits in the month; ‘‘(E) a member of a household that received supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits for more than 3 months in the year; and ‘‘(F) employed less than 100 hours in the month. ‘‘(2) M
ARRIED COUPLE HOUSEHOLD .—The term ‘married couple household’ means a household that includes 2 eligible partici-pants who are married to each other and have dependent children. ‘‘(3) S
UCCESSFUL ENGAGEMENT IN WORK ACTI -
VATION .—The term ‘successful engagement in work activation’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of an individual who is eli-gible and required to participate in interim work activation, performance during the month that fulfills the activity and hour re-quirements of subsection (c); ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is re-quired to participate in full work activation, performance during the month that fulfills the activity and hour requirements of sub-section (d); and ‘‘(C) in the case of an individual who meets the eligibility criteria described in sub-section (e)(1), performance that fulfills the activity and hour requirements of that sub-section. ‘‘(4) W
ORK AND WORK PREPARATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The term ‘work and work preparation activities’ means— ‘‘(A) unsubsidized employment; ‘‘(B) subsidized private sector employment; ‘‘(C) subsidized public sector employment; ‘‘(D) work experience (including work asso-ciated with the refurbishing of publicly as-sisted housing) if sufficient private sector employment is not available; ‘‘(E) on-the-job training; ‘‘(F) job readiness assistance; ‘‘(G) a community service program; ‘‘(H) vocational educational training (not to exceed 1 year with respect to any indi-vidual); ‘‘(I) job skills training directly related to employment; ‘‘(J) education directly related to employ-ment, in the case of a recipient who has not received a high school diploma or a certifi-cate of high school equivalency; ‘‘(K) satisfactory attendance at secondary school or in a course of study leading to a certificate of general equivalence, in the case of a recipient who has not completed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.058 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4765 June 28, 2018 
secondary school or received such a certifi-cate; ‘‘(L) the provision of child care services to an individual who is participating in a com-munity service program; ‘‘(M) workfare under section 20; and ‘‘(N) supervised job search. ‘‘(b) W
ORKACTIVATION PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, a State agency shall be required to operate a work activa-tion program for eligible participants. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR MARRIED COUPLE  
HOUSEHOLDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of eligible participants who are spouses in a married couple household— ‘‘(i) the work activation requirement of this section shall apply only if the sum of the combined current employment of both spouses is less than 100 hours per month; and ‘‘(ii) both spouses shall be considered to have achieved successful engagement in the work activation program if either spouse ful-fills the work activation requirements de-scribed in subsection (c), (d), or (e)(1). ‘‘(B) T
OTAL REQUIRED HOURS .—The total combined number of hours of required work and work preparation activities for both spouses in a married couple household shall not be greater than the total number of hours required for a single head of house-hold. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out this section, a State agency shall ensure that, for any month— ‘‘(i) the proportion that— ‘‘(I) the number of married couple house-holds that are required to participate in work activation under this section in a month; bears to ‘‘(II) the number of all households that are required to participate in work activation under this section in the same month; is not greater than— ‘‘(ii) the proportion that— ‘‘(I) the number of all married couple households with eligible participants in the month; bears to ‘‘(II) the number of all households with eli-gible participants in the same month. ‘‘(c) S
HORT -TERM INTERIM WORK ACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State agency may re-quire eligible participants who meet the cri-teria in paragraph (2) to engage in— ‘‘(A) interim work activation as described in this subsection; or ‘‘(B) full work activation as described in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—A State agency may re-quire an eligible participant to participate in interim work activation instead of full work activation if the eligible participant has not engaged in work activation under this sec-tion in the preceding 3 years. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED JOB SEARCH .—A participant in interim work activation shall be re-quired— ‘‘(A) to participate in supervised job search for at least 6 hours per week; and ‘‘(B) to engage in such additional activities as the State agency may require. ‘‘(4) T
IME LIMIT ON INTERIM WORK ACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible participant shall not participate in interim work activa-tion for more than 3 months. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL TIME .—After an eligible participant has participated in interim work activation for 3 months, the State agency shall require the eligible participant— ‘‘(i) to maintain at least 100 hours of em-ployment per month; or ‘‘(ii) to participate in full work activation. ‘‘(d) F
ULLWORKACTIVATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, a State agency shall require all or part of the eligible par-ticipants in the State to engage in full work activation under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An eligible partici-pant who is required to participate in full work activation in a month shall be required to engage in 1 or more work and work prepa-ration activities for an average of 100 hours per month. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Of the total number of required hours described in paragraph (2), not fewer than 20 hours per week shall be at-tributable to an activity described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (L), (M), or (N) of subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(4) P
ARTICIPATION IN COMMUNITY SERVICE  
OR WORKFARE .—At least 10 percent of the eli-gible participants that a State requires to participate in full work activation under this section shall be required to participate in ac-tivities described in subparagraph (D), (G), or (M) of subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(5) W
ORK ACTIVATION NOT EMPLOYMENT .— Other than unsubsidized employment de-scribed in subsection (a)(4)(A), participation in work and work preparation activities under this section shall not be— ‘‘(A) considered to be employment; or ‘‘(B) subject to any law pertaining to wages, compensation, hours, or conditions of employment under any law administered by the Secretary of Labor. ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL REQUIRED ACTIVITY .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (g), nothing in this section prevents a State from requiring more than 100 hours per month of participa-tion in work and work preparation activi-ties. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) S
INGLE TEEN HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD OR  
MARRIED TEEN WHO MAINTAINS SATISFACTORY  
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, an eligible participant who is married or a head of household and who has not attained 20 years of age shall be consid-ered to have completed successful engage-ment in work activation for a month if the eligible participant— ‘‘(A) maintains satisfactory attendance at secondary school or the equivalent during the month; or ‘‘(B) participates in education directly re-lated to employment for an average of at least 20 hours per week during the month. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF PERSONS WHO  
MAY BE TREATED AS ENGAGED IN WORK ACTIVA -
TION BY REASON OF PARTICIPATION IN EDU -
CATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, not more than 30 percent of the number of individuals in a State who are treated as having completed successful en-gagement in work activation for a month may be individuals who are determined to be engaged in work activation for the month by reason of participation in vocational edu-cational training. ‘‘(f) S
TATE OPTION FOR PARTICIPATION RE-
QUIREMENT EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any fiscal year, a State agency, at the option of the State agency, may— ‘‘(A) exempt a household that includes a child who has not attained 12 months of age from engaging in work activation; and ‘‘(B) disregard that household in deter-mining the monthly participation rates under this section until the child has at-tained 12 months of age. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, a household that includes a child who has not attained 6 years of age shall be considered to be successfully en-gaged in work activation for a month if a member of the household receiving supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits is engaged in work activation for an av-erage of at least 20 hours per week during the month. ‘‘(g) PENALTIES AGAINST INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), if an eligible participant in a household receiving assistance under the State program funded under this section fails to complete successful engagement in work activation in accordance with this sec-tion, the State agency shall— ‘‘(A) in accordance with paragraph (2), re-duce the amount of assistance otherwise payable to the entire household pro rata (or more, at the option of the State agency) with respect to the month immediately after any month in which the eligible participant fails to perform; or ‘‘(B) terminate the assistance entirely. ‘‘(2) P
RO RATA REDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), the amount of the pro rata reduction shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the normal monthly amount of assist-ance to the entire household that would have been received if not for the reduction under paragraph (1)(A); by ‘‘(B) the proportion that— ‘‘(i) the hours of required work and work preparation activities performed by the eli-gible participant during the month; bears to ‘‘(ii) the number or hours of work and work preparation activities the State agency re-quired the eligible participant to perform in accordance with this section. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A State may not reduce or terminate assistance under the State pro-gram funded under this section or any other State program funded with qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B))) based on a refusal of an eligible participant to engage in work and work preparation activities required under this section if— ‘‘(A) the eligible participant is a single custodial parent caring for a child who has not attained 6 years of age; and ‘‘(B) the eligible participant proves that the eligible participant has a demonstrated inability (as determined by the State agen-cy) to obtain needed child care, due to— ‘‘(i) unavailability of appropriate child care within a reasonable distance from the home or work site of the eligible participant; or ‘‘(ii) unavailability of all affordable child care arrangements, including formal child care and all informal child care by a relative or under other arrangements. ‘‘(h) L
IMITATION ON HOURS OF REQUIRED  P
ARTICIPATION IN COMMUNITY SERVICE OR  W
ORKFARE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The maximum number of hours during a month that an eligible partic-ipant shall be required under this section to work in a community service program or a workfare program under section 20 shall not exceed the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(A) the total dollar cost of all means-test-ed benefits received by the household for that month, as determined under paragraph (2); by ‘‘(B) the Federal minimum wage. ‘‘(2) T
OTAL DOLLAR COST OF ALL MEANS - 
TESTED BENEFITS DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the total dollar cost of all means-tested benefits shall equal the sum of the dollar cost of all benefits received by the household from— ‘‘(i) the supplemental nutrition assistance program; ‘‘(ii) the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.059 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4766 June 28, 2018 
U.S.C. 601 et seq.) or any other State pro-gram funded with qualified State expendi-tures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B)(i))); and ‘‘(iii) any assistance provided to a house-hold, landlord, or public housing agency (as defined in section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(6))) to subsidize the rental payment for a dwelling unit, including assistance provided for public housing dwelling units under section 3 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a) and assistance provided under section 8 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f). ‘‘(B) V
ALUE OF BENEFITS DURING SANC -
TION.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), if the dollar value of 1 or more benefits re-ceived by a household in a month has been reduced under subsection (g) or another sanction requirement, the calculated dollar value of the sanctioned benefits shall equal the dollar value of the benefit that would have been received if the benefit had not been reduced by the sanction. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Nothing in this subsection prevents a State agency from requiring an eligible participant to engage in activities not described in paragraph (1) for additional hours during the month. ‘‘(i) W
ORK ACTIVATION PARTICIPATION  G
OALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, except as pro-vided in paragraph (2), a State agency shall achieve for each quarter of the fiscal year with respect to all eligible participants re-ceiving assistance under the State program funded under this section for that fiscal year at least the participation rate specified in the following table: ‘‘If the fiscal year is: The quarterly participation rate shall be at least: 
2019 ........................... 20 percent2020 ........................... 35 percent2021 ........................... 50 percent2022 ........................... 65 percent2023 ........................... 80 percent. 
‘‘(2) A DJUSTMENT IF RECESSIONARY PE -
RIOD.—If the average national unemploy-ment rate during a quarter of a fiscal year, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics of the Department of Labor, is more than 8 percent, the participation goal for the immediately succeeding quarter shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the applicable quarterly participation rate under paragraph (1); by ‘‘(B) 0.8. ‘‘(j) C
ALCULATION OF WORK ACTIVATION  P
ARTICIPATION RATES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF SANCTIONED RECIPIENT .— In this subsection, the term ‘sanctioned re-cipient’ means any eligible participant who— ‘‘(A) was required to participate in work activation in a month; ‘‘(B) failed to perform the assigned work and work preparation activities so as to meet the relevant hourly requirements in subsection (c), (d), or (e)(2); and ‘‘(C) was sanctioned by a reduced benefit payment in the subsequent month under sub-section (g). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The work activation participation rate for a State for any quarter of a fiscal year shall equal the average of the monthly participation rates for the State during the 3 months of that quarter. ‘‘(3) M
ONTHLY PARTICIPATION RATE .—For purposes of paragraph (2), the monthly par-ticipation rate shall equal the ratio of all countable participants to all eligible partici-pants in the month, as determined under paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) RATIO OF ALL COUNTABLE PARTICIPANTS  
TO ALL ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—Subject to paragraph (5), the ratio of all countable par-ticipants to all eligible participants in a month equals the proportion that— ‘‘(A) the sum obtained by adding— ‘‘(i) all eligible participants who— ‘‘(I) were required by the State to engage in interim work activation, full work activa-tion, or education under subsection (e)(1) during the month; and ‘‘(II) fulfilled the criteria for successful en-gagement in work activation for that activ-ity during the month; and ‘‘(ii) all sanctioned recipients for that month; bears to ‘‘(B) the average number of eligible partici-pants in the State in that month. ‘‘(5) M
ULTIPLE ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—A married couple household consisting of more than 1 eligible participant shall be counted as a single eligible participant for purposes of calculating the participation rate under this subsection. ‘‘(k) P
ENALTIES FOR INADEQUATE STATE  P
ERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 and for each subse-quent quarter of fiscal year 2020 and of each subsequent fiscal year, each State shall count the monthly average number of count-able participants under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN FUNDING .—If the month-ly average number of countable participants in a State of a fiscal year is not sufficient to fulfill the relevant work activation partici-pation goal under subsection (i) during that quarter, the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program funding for the State under this Act shall be reduced for the fiscal quar-ter that begins 180 days after the first day of the quarter in which the inadequate perform-ance occurred in accordance with paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) F
UNDING IN PENALIZED QUARTER .—The total amount of funding a State shall receive for all households with eligible participants for a quarter for which funding is reduced under paragraph (2) shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the total amount of funding that the State would have received in the preceding quarter for all households with eligible par-ticipants if no reduction had been in place; by ‘‘(B) the ratio of all countable participants to all eligible participants (as determined under subsection (j)(4)) for the quarter that began 180 days before the first day of the quarter for which funding is reduced. ‘‘(l) F
UNDING TOADMINISTER WORKACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) TANF 
FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State that receives supplemental nutrition assistance program funds under this Act may use dur-ing that fiscal year to carry out the work ac-tivation program of the State under this sec-tion— ‘‘(i) any of the Federal funds available to the State through the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) in that fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) any of the funds from State sources allocated to the operation of the program de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(B) E
FFECT .—Any State that uses State funds allocated to the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) to administer the work activation program of that State under this section may treat those funds as qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B)(i))) for purposes of meeting the requirements of section 409(a)(7) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)) in that fiscal year. ‘‘(2) WORKFORCE INVESTMENT ACT FUND -
ING.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State that receives Federal funds under the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.) may use up to 50 percent of those funds during that fiscal year to carry out the work activation program of the State under this section. ‘‘(3) S
UPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING PRO -
GRAM .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subse-quent fiscal year, a State that receives Fed-eral funds under this Act for an employment and training program under section 6(d) may use those funds during that fiscal year to carry out the work activation program of the State under this section.’’. (e) I
DENTIFICATION FOR CARDUSE.—Section 7(h)(9) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(9)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘O
PTIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘I
DENTIFICATION FOR CARD  
USE’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (3) by inserting before clause (i) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(A) L
ISTED BENEFICIARIES .—A State agen-cy shall require that an electronic benefit card lists the names of— ‘‘(i) the head of the household; ‘‘(ii) each adult member of the household; and ‘‘(iii) each adult that is not a member of the household that is authorized to use that card. ‘‘(B) P
HOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICATION RE -
QUIRED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under clause (ii), any individual listed on an elec-tronic benefit card under subparagraph (A) shall be required to show photographic iden-tification at the point of sale when using the card. ‘‘(ii) H
EAD OF HOUSEHOLD .—A head of a household is not required to show photo-graphic identification under clause (i) if the electronic benefit card contains a photo-graph of that individual under subparagraph (C)(i). ‘‘(C) O
PTIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICA -
TION.—’’; (4) in subparagraph (C) (as so designated)— (A) in clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘1 or more members of a’’ and in-serting ‘‘the head of the’’; and (B) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘subject to subparagraph (B)(i)’’ after ‘‘the card’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) V
ISUAL VERIFICATION .—Any individual that is shown photographic identification or an electronic benefit card containing a pho-tograph, as applicable, under subparagraph (B) shall visually confirm that the photo-graph on the identification or the electronic benefit card, as applicable, is a clear and ac-curate likeness of the individual using the electronic benefit card.’’. 
SA 3384. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.059 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4767 June 28, 2018 
the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 141, strike lines 15 through 21 and insert the following: ‘‘(2) establish payments to provide an in-centive for the use of practices, such as cover crops, no-till farming, nutrient management, resource-conserving crop rotations, and other similar practices approved under the pilot project that— ‘‘(A) improve soil health; ‘‘(B) increase carbon levels in the soil; or ‘‘(C) meet the goals described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B); and 
SA 3385. Mr. SASSE (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. T ESTER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. P
AUL, Mr. E NZI, Ms. S MITH, and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 121ll. HOURS OF SERVICE REGULATIONS FOR TRANSPORTATION OF LIVE-STOCK. 
The Secretary of Transportation shall amend part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, to ensure that, in the case of a driver transporting livestock (as defined in section 602 of the Emergency Livestock Feed Assistance Act of 1988 (7 U.S.C. 1471)) or in-sects within a 300 air-mile radius from the point at which the on-duty time of the driver begins with respect to the trip— (1) the on-duty time of the driver shall ex-clude all time spent— (A) at a plant, terminal, facility, or other property of a motor carrier or shipper or on any public property during which the driver is waiting to be dispatched; (B) loading or unloading a commercial motor vehicle; (C) supervising or assisting in the loading or unloading of a commercial motor vehicle; (D) attending to a commercial motor vehi-cle while the vehicle is being loaded or un-loaded; (E) remaining in readiness to operate a commercial motor vehicle; and (F) giving or receiving receipts for ship-ments loaded or unloaded; (2) except as provided in paragraph (5), the driving time under section 395.3(a)(3)(i) of that title is modified to a maximum of not less than 15, and not more than 18, hours within a 24-hour period; (3) the driver may take 1 or more rest peri-ods during the trip, which shall not be in-cluded in the calculation of the driving time; (4) after completion of the trip, the driver shall be required to take a rest break for a period that is 5 hours less than the max-imum driving time under paragraph (2); (5) if the driver is within 150 air-miles of the point of delivery, any additional driving to that point of delivery shall not be in-cluded in the calculation of the driving time; and (6) the 10-hour rest period under section 395.3(a)(1) of that title shall not apply. SA 3386. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 24ll. GAO STUDY ON NATURAL RE-SOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE DETERMINATIONS OF PROGRAM IN-ELIGIBILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the coordination be-tween the Natural Resources Conservation Service and the Farm Service Agency to de-termine— (1) the number of producers that were de-termined to be ineligible for Department of Agriculture benefits as a result of non-compliance with applicable requirements under conservation programs (referred to in this section as ‘‘applicable conservation re-quirements’’); (2) in any case in which a producer was de-termined not to be in compliance with an ap-plicable conservation requirement, the pen-alties enforced against the producer; (3) the total number of acres determined not to be in compliance with applicable con-servation requirements; (4) applicable procedures to ensure pro-ducers can work with the Natural Resources Conservation Service to bring the acres of the producers into compliance with applica-ble conservation requirements; (5) the coordination between county and State offices with respect to evaluation of compliance with applicable conservation re-quirements; and (6)(A) the means by which the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service determines which tracts of land to evaluate for compli-ance with applicable conservation require-ments; and (B) whether a random order of selection is the most efficient way to evaluate whether producers are achieving compliance with ap-plicable conservation requirements. (b) C
OMPONENTS .—The study under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an evaluation of the appeals process re-lating to determinations of ineligibility for Federal programs, including a review, during the 5-year period ending on the date on which the study is commenced, of those ap-peals brought to the National Appeals Divi-sion; and (2) the development of recommendations, taking into consideration affected water-sheds, regions, counties, and adjacent land-owners, to improve efficiency in the manage-ment of Federal resources relating to pro-ducer compliance with applicable conserva-tion requirements. 
SA 3387. Mr. BARRASSO (for him-self, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. E NZI, and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 62ll. LOANS FOR CARBON DIOXIDE CAP-TURE AND UTILIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 19 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 20. LOANS FOR CARBON DIOXIDE CAPTURE AND UTILIZATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), in carrying out any program under this Act under which the Secretary provides a loan or loan guarantee, the Secretary may provide such a loan or loan guarantee to fa-cilities employing commercially dem-onstrated technologies for carbon dioxide capture and utilization.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 3 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 903) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b)(2), there are’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
OANS FOR CARBON DIOXIDE CAPTURE  
ANDUTILIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out section 20. ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE APPROPRIATIONS .—The sums appropriated under paragraph (1) shall be separate and distinct from the sums appro-priated under subsection (a).’’. 
SA 3388. Mr. ROBERTS (for Ms. C OR-
TEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 63ll. COUNCIL ON RURAL COMMUNITY IN-NOVATION AND ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) 16 percent of the population of the United States lives in rural counties. (2) Strong, sustainable rural communities are essential to future prosperity and ensur-ing United States competitiveness in the years ahead. (3) Rural communities supply the food, fiber, and energy of the United States, safe-guard the natural resources of the United States, and are essential to the development of science and innovation. (4) Though rural communities face numer-ous challenges, they also present enormous economic potential. (5) The Federal Government has an impor-tant role to play in expanding access to the capital necessary for economic growth, pro-moting innovation, increasing energy resil-iency and reliability, improving access to health care and education, and expanding outdoor recreational activities on public land. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to enhance the efforts of the Federal Gov-ernment to address the needs of rural areas in the United States by— (1) establishing a council to better coordi-nate Federal programs directed to rural communities; (2) maximizing the impact of Federal in-vestment to promote economic prosperity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.061 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4768 June 28, 2018 
and quality of life in rural communities in the United States; and (3) using innovation to resolve local and re-gional challenges faced by rural commu-nities. (c) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Council on Rural Community Innovation and Economic Development (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Council’’). (d) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The membership of the Council shall be composed of the heads of the following executive branch departments, agencies, and offices: (A) The Department of Agriculture. (B) The Department of the Treasury. (C) The Department of Defense. (D) The Department of Justice. (E) The Department of the Interior. (F) The Department of Commerce. (G) The Department of Labor. (H) The Department of Health and Human Services. (I) The Department of Housing and Urban Development. (J) The Department of Transportation. (K) The Department of Energy. (L) The Department of Education. (M) The Department of Veterans Affairs. (N) The Department of Homeland Security. (O) The Environmental Protection Agency. (P) The Federal Communications Commis-sion. (Q) The Office of Management and Budget. (R) The Office of Science and Technology Policy. (S) The Office of National Drug Control Policy. (T) The Council of Economic Advisers. (U) The Domestic Policy Council. (V) The National Economic Council. (W) The Small Business Administration. (X) The Council on Environmental Quality. (Y) The White House Office of Public En-gagement. (Z) The White House Office of Cabinet Af-fairs. (AA) Such other executive branch depart-ments, agencies, and offices as the President or the Secretary may, from time to time, designate. (2) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall serve as the Chair of the Council. (3) D
ESIGNEES .—A member of the Council may designate, to perform the Council func-tions of the member, a senior-level official who is— (A) part of the department, agency, or of-fice of the member; and (B) a full-time officer or employee of the Federal Government. (4) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Council shall co-ordinate policy development through the rural development mission area. (e) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall provide funding and administrative support for the Council to the extent permitted by law and within existing appropriations. (f) M
ISSION AND FUNCTION OF THE COUN-
CIL.—The Council shall work across execu-tive departments, agencies, and offices to co-ordinate development of policy recommenda-tions— (1) to maximize the impact of Federal in-vestment of rural communities; (2) to promote economic prosperity and quality of life in rural communities; and (3) to use innovation to resolve local and regional challenges faced by rural commu-nities. (g) D
UTIES .—The Council shall— (1) make recommendations to the Presi-dent, acting through the Director of the Do-mestic Policy Council and the Director of the National Economic Council, on stream-lining and leveraging Federal investments in rural areas, where appropriate, to increase the impact of Federal dollars and create eco-nomic opportunities to improve the quality of life in rural areas in the United States; (2) coordinate and increase the effective-ness of Federal engagement with rural stake-holders, including agricultural organiza-tions, small businesses, education and train-ing institutions, health-care providers, tele-communications services providers, electric service providers, transportation providers, research and land grant institutions, law en-forcement, State, local, and tribal govern-ments, and nongovernmental organizations regarding the needs of rural areas in the United States; (3) coordinate Federal efforts directed to-ward the growth and development of rural geographic regions that encompass both metropolitan and nonmetropolitan areas; (4) identify and facilitate rural economic opportunities associated with energy devel-opment, outdoor recreation, and other con-servation related activities; and (5) identify common economic and social challenges faced by rural communities that could be served through— (A) better coordination of existing Federal and non-Federal resources; and (B) innovative solutions utilizing govern-mental and nongovernmental resources. (h) EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS AND AGEN-
CIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The heads of executive de-partments and agencies shall assist and pro-vide information to the Council, consistent with applicable law, as may be necessary to carry out the functions of the Council. (2) E
XPENSES .—Each executive department or agency shall be responsible for paying any expenses of the executive department or agency for participating in the Council. (i) R
EPORT ON RURAL SMART COMMU -
NITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the establishment of the Council, the Coun-cil shall submit to Congress a report describ-ing efforts of rural areas to integrate ‘‘smart’’ technology into their communities to solve challenges relating to energy, trans-portation, health care, law enforcement, housing, or other relevant local issues, as de-termined by the Secretary. (2) S
MART RURAL COMMUNITIES .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include a descrip-tion of efforts of rural communities to apply innovative and advanced technologies and related mechanisms (such as telecommuni-cations, energy, transportation, housing, economic development)— (A) to improve the health and quality of life of residents; (B) to increase the efficiency and cost-ef-fectiveness of civic operations and services, including public safety and other vital public functions; (C) to promote economic growth; (D) to enhance the use of electricity in the community and reduce pollution; and (E) to create a more sustainable and resil-ient community. (3) O
THER INCLUSIONS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an analysis of efforts to integrate ‘‘smart’’ technology into rural communities across the United States; (B) an analysis of barriers and challenges faced by rural areas in integrating ‘‘smart’’ technology into their communities; (C) an analysis of Federal efforts to assist rural areas with the development and inte-gration of ‘‘smart’’ technology into rural communities; (D) recommendations, if any, on how to improve coordination and deployment of Federal efforts to assist rural areas develop and integrate ‘‘smart’’ technology into their communities; (E) recommendations, if any, on how rural areas developing ‘‘smart’’ communities can better leverage private sector resources; and (F) guidelines that establish best practices for rural areas that desire to use ‘‘smart’’ technology to overcome local challenges. (j) REVIEW OF PUBLIC BENEFIT TO RURAL  C
OMMUNITIES ON THE CREATION OF RURAL  S
MART COMMUNITY DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On completion of the re-port under subsection (i)(1), the Council shall review the benefits of the creation of a rural smart community demonstration projects program for the purposes of coordinating De-partment of Agriculture rural development, housing, energy, and telecommunication programs, and other Federal programs spe-cific to rural communities, to expand inno-vative technologies and address local chal-lenges specific to rural communities. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—In the review under para-graph (1) the Council shall determine wheth-er a rural smart community demonstration projects program would— (A) demonstrate smart community tech-nologies that can be adapted and repeated by other rural communities; (B) encourage public, private, local, or re-gional best practices that can be replicated by other rural communities; (C) encourage private sector innovation and investment in rural communities; (D) promote a skilled workforce; and (E) promote standards that allow for the measurement and validation of the cost sav-ings and performance improvements associ-ated with the installation and use of smart community technologies and practices. (k) R
URAL SMART COMMUNITY RESOURCE  G
UIDE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Council shall create, publish, and maintain a resource guide de-signed to assist States and other rural com-munities in developing and implementing rural smart community programs. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—A resource guide under paragraph (1) may include— (A) a compilation of existing related Fed-eral and non-Federal programs available to rural communities, including technical as-sistance, education, training, research and development, analysis, and funding; (B) available examples of local rural com-munities engaging private sector entities to implement smart community solutions, in-cluding public-private partnership models that could be used to leverage private sector funding to solve similar local challenges; (C) available examples of proven methods for local rural communities to facilitate in-tegration of smart technologies with new and existing infrastructure and systems; (D) best practices and lessons learned from demonstration projects, including return on investment and performance information to help other rural communities decide how to initiate integration of smart technologies; and (E) such other topics as are requested by industry entities or local governments or de-termined to be necessary by the Council. (3) U
TILIZATION OF EXISTING GUIDES .—In creating, publishing, and maintaining the guide under paragraph (1), the Council shall consider Federal, State, and local guides al-ready published relating to smart commu-nity goals, activities, and best practices— (A) to prevent duplication of efforts by the Federal Government; and (B) to leverage existing complementary ef-forts. (4) R
ESOURCE GUIDE OUTREACH .—The Coun-cil shall conduct outreach to States, coun-ties, communities, and other relevant enti-ties— (A) to provide interested stakeholders with the guide published under paragraph (1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.063 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4769 June 28, 2018 
(B) to promote the consideration of smart community technologies and encourage States and local governments to contribute rural smart community program and activ-ity information to the guide published under paragraph (1); (C) to identify— (i) barriers to rural smart community technology adoption; and (ii) any research, development, and assist-ance that is needed that could be included in the guide published under paragraph (1); (D) to respond to requests for assistance, advice, or consultation from rural commu-nities; and (E) for other purposes, as identified by the Council. (5) S
UBSEQUENT RESOURCE GUIDES .—The Council shall issue an update to the guide published under paragraph (1) every 5 years. (l) R
URAL BROADBAND INTEGRATION WORK-
INGGROUP .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (A) Access to high-speed broadband is no longer a luxury and is a important for United States families, businesses, and con-sumers. (B) Affordable, reliable access to high- speed broadband is critical to United States economic growth and competitiveness. (C) High-speed broadband enables the peo-ple of the United States to use the Internet in new ways, expands access to health serv-ices and education, increases the produc-tivity of businesses, and drives innovation throughout the digital ecosystem. (D) The private sector and Federal, State, and local governments have made substan-tial investments to expand broadband access in the United States, but more must be done to improve the availability and quality of high-speed broadband, particularly in areas lacking competitive choices. (E) Today, more than 50,000,000 people of the United States cannot purchase a wired broadband connection at speeds for adequate broadband service, and only 29 percent of people of the United States can choose from more than 1 service provider at that speed. (F) As a result of the statistics described in subparagraph (E), the costs, benefits, and availability of high-speed broadband Inter-net are not evenly distributed, with consid-erable variation among States and between urban and rural areas. (G) The Federal Government has an impor-tant role to play in developing coordinated policies to promote broadband deployment and adoption, including promoting best prac-tices, breaking down regulatory barriers, and encouraging further investment, which will help deliver higher quality, lower cost broadband to more families, businesses, and communities and allow communities to ben-efit fully from those investments. (2) P
OLICY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—It is the policy of the Federal Government for executive depart-ments and agencies having statutory au-thorities applicable to broadband deploy-ment (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘agencies’’) to use all available and appro-priate authorities— (i) to identify and address regulatory bar-riers that may unduly impede either wired broadband deployment or the infrastructure to augment wireless broadband deployment; (ii) to encourage further investment in broadband networks and services; (iii) to promote the adoption and meaning-ful use of broadband technology; and (iv) to otherwise encourage or support broadband deployment, competition, and adoption in ways that promote the public in-terest. (B) PRIORITIES .—In carrying out the policy under subparagraph (A), the agencies shall focus on— (i) opportunities to promote broadband adoption and competition through incentives to new entrants in the market for broadband services; (ii) modernizing regulations; (iii) accurately measuring real-time broadband availability and speeds; (iv) increasing broadband access for under-served communities, including in rural areas; (v) exploring opportunities to reduce costs for potential low-income users; and (vi) other possible measures, including sup-porting State, local, and Tribal governments interested in encouraging or investing in high-speed broadband networks. (C) E
FFECT .—In carrying out the policy under subparagraph (A), the agencies shall ensure that existing and planned Federal, State, local, and Tribal government missions and capabilities for delivering services to the public, including those missions and capa-bilities relating to national security, public safety, and emergency response, are main-tained. (D) C
OORDINATION .—The agencies shall co-ordinate the policy under subparagraph (A) through the Rural Broadband Integration Working Group established under paragraph (3). (3) E
STABLISHMENT OF RURAL BROADBAND IN -
TEGRATION WORKING GROUP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—There is established the Rural Broadband Integration Working Group (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Work-ing Group’’). (B) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the Working Group shall be composed of the heads, or their designees, of— (i) the Department of Agriculture; (ii) the Department of Commerce; (iii) the Department of Defense; (iv) the Department of State; (v) the Department of the Interior; (vi) the Department of Labor; (vii) the Department of Health and Human Services; (viii) the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; (ix) the Department of Housing and Urban Development; (x) the Department of Justice; (xi) the Department of Transportation; (xii) the Department of the Treasury; (xiii) the Department of Energy; (xiv) the Department of Education; (xv) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (xvi) the Environmental Protection Agen-cy; (xvii) the General Services Administration; (xviii) the Small Business Administration; (xix) the Institute of Museum and Library Services; (xx) the National Science Foundation; (xxi) the Council on Environmental Qual-ity; (xxii) the Office of Science and Technology Policy; (xxiii) the Office of Management and Budg-et; (xxiv) the Council of Economic Advisers; (xxv) the Domestic Policy Council; (xxvi) the National Economic Council; and (xxvii) such other Federal agencies or enti-ties as are determined appropriate in accord-ance with subparagraph (E). (C) C
O-CHAIRS .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of Commerce shall serve as the Co- Chairs of the Working Group. (D) C
ONSULTATION ; COORDINATION .— (i) C
ONSULTATION .—The Working Group shall consult, as appropriate, with other rel-evant agencies, including the Federal Com-munications Commission. (ii) COORDINATION .—The Working Group shall coordinate with existing Federal work-ing groups and committees involved with broadband. (E) M
EMBERSHIP CHANGES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Economic Council and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall review, on a periodic basis, the mem-bership of the Working Group to ensure that the Working Group— (I) includes necessary Federal Government entities; and (II) is an effective mechanism for coordi-nating among agencies on the policy de-scribed in paragraph (2). (ii) C
HANGES .—The Director of the Na-tional Economic Council and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy may add or remove members of the Council, as appropriate, based on the review under clause (i). (4) F
UNCTIONS OF THE WORKING GROUP .— (A) C
ONSULTATION .—As permitted by law, the members of the Working Group shall consult with State, local, Tribal, and terri-torial governments, telecommunications companies, utilities, trade associations, phil-anthropic entities, policy experts, and other interested parties to identify and assess reg-ulatory barriers described in paragraphs (1)(G) and (2)(A)(i) and opportunities de-scribed in clauses (i) and (v) of paragraph (2)(B) to determine possible actions relating to those barriers and opportunities. (B) P
OINT OF CONTACT .—Not later than 15 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each member of the Working Group shall— (i) designate a representative to serve as the main point of contact for matters relat-ing to the Working Group; and (ii) notify the Co-Chairs of the Working Group of that designee. (C) S
URVEY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the members of the Working Group shall submit to the Working Group a comprehensive sur-vey of— (I) Federal programs, including the allo-cated funding amounts, that currently sup-port or could reasonably be modified to sup-port broadband deployment and adoption; and (II) all agency-specific policies and rules with the direct or indirect effect of facili-tating or regulating investment in or deploy-ment of wired and wireless broadband net-works. (D) L
IST OF ACTIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the members of the Working Group shall submit to the Working Group an initial list of actions that each of the agencies could take to identify and address regulatory bar-riers, incentivize investment, promote best practices, align funding decisions, and other-wise support wired broadband deployment and adoption. (E) R
EPORT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 150 days after the date of enactment of this Act, after not fewer than 2 meetings of the full Work-ing Group, the Working Group shall submit to the President, acting through the Direc-tor of the National Economic Council, a co-ordinated, agreed-to, and prioritized list of recommendations of the Working Group on actions that agencies can take to support broadband deployment and adoption. (ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—The recommendations under clause (i) shall include— (I) a list of priority actions and rulemakings; and (II) timelines to complete the priority ac-tions and rulemakings under subclause (I). (m) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .— (1) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.063 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4770 June 28, 2018 
(A) impairs or otherwise affects— (i) the authority granted by law to a de-partment or agency, or the head thereof; (ii) the functions of the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals; or (iii) the authority of the Federal Commu-nications Commission concerning spectrum allocation decisions; (B) requires the disclosure of classified in-formation, law enforcement sensitive infor-mation, or other information that shall be protected in the interests of national secu-rity; or (C) creates any right or benefit, sub-stantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, any Federal department, agency, or entity, any officer, employee, or agent, of the United States, or any other person. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—This section shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropria-tions. 
SA 3389. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mr. D UR-
BIN(for himself, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. S
TABENOW )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REAUTHORIZATION OF RURAL EMER-GENCY MEDICAL SERVICES TRAIN-ING AND EQUIPMENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting and Improving Rural EMS Needs Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SIREN Act of 2018’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 330J of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–15) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in rural areas’’ and inserting ‘‘in rural areas or to residents of rural areas’’; (2) by striking subsections (b) through (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY ; APPLICATION .—To be eli-gible to receive grant under this section, an entity shall— ‘‘(1) be— ‘‘(A) an emergency medical services agency operated by a local or tribal government (in-cluding fire-based and non-fire based); or ‘‘(B) an emergency medical services agency that is described in section 501(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; and ‘‘(2) submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An entity— ‘‘(1) shall use amounts received through a grant under subsection (a) to— ‘‘(A) train emergency medical services per-sonnel as appropriate to obtain and maintain licenses and certifications relevant to serv-ice in an emergency medical services agency described in subsection (b)(1); ‘‘(B) conduct courses that qualify grad-uates to serve in an emergency medical serv-ices agency described in subsection (b)(1) in accordance with State and local require-ments; ‘‘(C) fund specific training to meet Federal or State licensing or certification require-ments; and ‘‘(D) acquire emergency medical services equipment; and ‘‘(2) may use amounts received through a grant under subsection (a) to— ‘‘(A) recruit and retain emergency medical services personnel, which may include volun-teer personnel; ‘‘(B) develop new ways to educate emer-gency health care providers through the use of technology-enhanced educational meth-ods; or ‘‘(C) acquire personal protective equipment for emergency medical services personnel as required by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. ‘‘(d) GRANT AMOUNTS .—Each grant awarded under this section shall be in an amount not to exceed $200,000 . ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘emergency medical serv-ices’— ‘‘(A) means resources used by a public or private nonprofit licensed entity to deliver medical care outside of a medical facility under emergency conditions that occur as a result of the condition of the patient; and ‘‘(B) includes services delivered (either on a compensated or volunteer basis) by an emergency medical services provider or other provider that is licensed or certified by the State involved as an emergency medical technician, a paramedic, or an equivalent professional (as determined by the State). ‘‘(2) The term ‘rural area’ means— ‘‘(A) a nonmetropolitan statistical area; ‘‘(B) an area designated as a rural area by any law or regulation of a State; or ‘‘(C) a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent rural urban commuting area code as set forth by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget). ‘‘(f) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-retary may not award a grant under this sec-tion to an entity unless the entity agrees that the entity will make available (directly or through contributions from other public or private entities) non-Federal contribu-tions toward the activities to be carried out under the grant in an amount equal to 25 percent of the amount received under the grant.’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘2002 through 2006’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SA 3390. Mr. ROBERTS (for Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. T
OOMEY )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. PROHIBITION ON SLAUGHTER OF DOGS AND CATS FOR HUMAN CON-SUMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), no person may— (1) knowingly slaughter a dog or cat for human consumption; or (2) knowingly ship, transport, move, de-liver, receive, possess, purchase, sell, or do-nate— (A) a dog or cat to be slaughtered for human consumption; or (B) a dog or cat part for human consump-tion. (b) S
COPE.—Subsection (a) shall apply only with respect to conduct— (1) in interstate commerce or foreign com-merce; or (2) within the special maritime and terri-torial jurisdiction of the United States. (c) EXCEPTION FOR INDIAN TRIBES .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to an Indian (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) carrying out any activity described in subsection (a) for the purpose of a religious ceremony. (d) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates subsection (a) shall be subject to a fine in an amount not greater than $5,000 for each vio-lation. (e) E
FFECT ON STATE LAW.—Nothing in this section— (1) limits any State or local law or regula-tion protecting the welfare of animals; or (2) prevents a State or unit of local govern-ment from adopting and enforcing an animal welfare law or regulation that is more strin-gent than this section. 
SA 3391. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 724, to amend the Federal Power Act to mod-ernize authorizations for necessary hy-dropower approvals; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: (c) O
BLIGATION FOR PAYMENT OF ANNUAL  C
HARGES .—Any obligation of a licensee or exemptee for the payment of annual charges under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)) for a project that has not commenced construction as of the date of en-actment of this Act shall commence not ear-lier than the latest of— (1) the date by which the licensee or exemptee is required to commence construc-tion; or (2) the date of any extension of the dead-line under paragraph (1). 
SA 3392. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. U
DALL ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1029, to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pesticide registration and other activities under the Act, to extend and modify fee authorities, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 1, line 6, strike ‘‘2017’’ and insert ‘‘2018’’. On page 2, line 12, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 2, line 17, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 2, line 21, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 3, line 5, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 3, lines 9 and 10, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 3, line 23, strike ‘‘2017’’ and insert ‘‘2018’’. On page 3, line 24, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘2025’’. On page 7, line 21, strike ‘‘2017’’ and insert ‘‘2018’’. On page 12, strike lines 23 and 24 and insert the following: (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘pesticide registration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2013, and ending on September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Octo-ber 1, 2019, and ending on September 30, 2021’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘pesticide registration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and On page 13, line 1, strike ‘‘(B)’’ and insert ‘‘(C)’’. On page 21, line 11, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert ‘‘
2024’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.063 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4771 June 28, 2018 
On page 21, line 12, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert ‘‘2024’’. On page 21, line 19, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘
2025’’. On page 21, line 20, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘2025’’. On page 22, line 2, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘
2025’’. On page 22, line 3, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘2025’’. On page 186, strike lines 1 through 3 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 7. EXTENSION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or amendment made by this Act, any reference in this Act or an amendment made by this Act to ‘‘2020’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 8. AGRICULTURAL WORKER PROTECTION STANDARD; CERTIFICATION OF PES-TICIDE APPLICATORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending not earlier than October 1, 2021, the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’)— (1) shall carry out— (A) the final rule of the Administrator en-titled ‘‘Pesticides; Agricultural Worker Pro-tection Standard Revisions’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 67496 (November 2, 2015)); and (B) the final rule of the Administrator en-titled ‘‘Pesticides; Certification of Pesticide Applicators’’ (82 Fed. Reg. 952 (January 4, 2017)); and (2) shall not revise or develop revisions to the rules described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Prior to October 1, 2021, the Administrator may propose, and after a notice and public comment period of not less than 90 days, promulgate revisions to the final rule described in subsection (a)(1)(A) addressing application exclusion zones under part 170 of title 40, Code of Federal Regula-tions, consistent with the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.). (c) GAO R
EPORT .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— (1) conduct a study on the use of the des-ignated representative, including the effect of that use on the availability of pesticide application and hazard information and worker health and safety; and (2) not later than October 1, 2021, make publically available a report describing the study under paragraph (1), including any rec-ommendations to prevent the misuse of pes-ticide application and hazard information, if that misuse is identified. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I have 5 re-quests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 28, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Legisla-tive Proposals to Examine Corporate Governance.’’ COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 28, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of In-ternal Revenue, Department of the Treasury. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 28, 2018, to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Jeffrey Kessler, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Lynn A. Johnson, of Colo-rado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, Department of Health and Human Services, and Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Patrick J. Urda, of Indiana, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, June 28, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Donald Lu, of California, to be Ambas-sador to the Kyrgyz Republic, Randy W. Berry, of Colorado, to be Ambas-sador to the Federal Democratic Re-public of Nepal, and Alaina B. Teplitz, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives, all of the Department of State. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas, Lance E. Walker, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine, and John D. Jordan, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri, Nick Wil-lard, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Hampshire, and Mark F. Sloke, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Alabama, all of the Department of Jus-tice. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to my first ses-sion summer interns: John Grossl, Jo-seph Monsef, Vince Tenebro, Sheldon Prout, William Lee, Conor Bates, Emma Ashlock, Katelynn Toth, Alison Nicholls, Yajaira Ponce-Moran, Denae Benson, Sterling Gingerich, Kaiwi Eisenhour, Michael McCambridge, Al-exandra Bender, Selia Butler, and Johnathan Slife for today and tomor-row. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Megan McFar-lane and Lauren Odum, interns with the minority staff on the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, be granted floor privileges for the dura-tion of the debate on H.R. 2. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PESTICIDE REGISTRATION ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 163, H.R. 1029. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1029) to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pesticide registration and other ac-tivities under the Act, to extend and modify fee authorities, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italic.) 
H.R. 1029 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ø‘‘Pesticide Registration Enhancement Act of 2017’’.¿ ‘‘Pesticide Registration Improve-ment Extension Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Extension and modification of main-tenance fee authority. Sec. 3. Reregistration and Expedited Proc-essing Fund. Sec. 4. Experimental use permits for pes-ticides. Sec. 5. Pesticide registration service fees. Sec. 6. Revision of tables regarding covered pesticide registration applica-tions and other covered actions and their corresponding reg-istration service fees. Sec. 7. Effective date. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF MAIN-TENANCE FEE AUTHORITY. 
(a) M AINTENANCE FEE.—Section 4(i)(1) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.064 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4772 June 28, 2018 
Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘an ag-gregate amount of $27,800,000 for each of fis-cal years 2013 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘an average amount of $31,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 øthrough 2023¿ 2018 through 2020’’; (2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘$115,500 for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘$129,400 for each of fiscal years ø2017 through 2023¿ 2018 through 2020’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘$184,800 for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘$207,000 for each of fiscal years ø2017 through 2023¿ 2018 through 2020’’; (3) in subparagraph (E)(i)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘$70,600 for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘$79,100 for each of fiscal years ø2017 through 2023¿ 2018 through 2020’’; and (B) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘$122,100 for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$136,800 for each of fiscal years ø2017 through 2023¿ 2018 through 2020’’; and (4) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ø‘‘2023¿ 2020’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON OTHER FEES.—Section 4(i)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(2)) is amended— ø(1) by striking ‘‘during the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this section and ending on September 30, 2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘until September 30, 2025’’; and ¿ (1) by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this section and ending on September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘the effective date of the Pesticide Registration Improvement Extension Act of 2017 and ending on September 30, 2022’’; and (2) by inserting after ‘‘registration of a pes-ticide under this Act’’ the following: ‘‘or any other action covered under a table specified in section 33(b)(3),’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON TOLER -
ANCE FEES.—Section 408(m)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 346a(m)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘ø2023¿ 2020’’. 
SEC. 3. REREGISTRATION AND EXPEDITED PROC-ESSING FUND. 
(a) A UTHORIZED USE OF FUND.—Section 4(k)(2)(A) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a– 1(k)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘the fund’’ and inserting ‘‘the Reregistration and Expedited Processing Fund’’; (2) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3),’’ in the first sentence and all that follows through the pe- riod at the end of the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘paragraph (3), to off-set the costs of registration review under section 3(g), including the costs associated with any review under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et. seq.) re-quired as part of the registration review, to offset the costs associated with tracking and implementing registration review decisions, including registration review decisions de-signed to reduce risk, for the purposes speci-fied in paragraphs (4) and (5), and to enhance the information systems capabilities to im-prove the tracking of pesticide registration decisions.’’; (3) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘are allocated solely’’ and all that follows through ‘‘3(g);’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘are allocated solely for the purposes specified in the first sentence of this subparagraph;’’; and (4) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘necessary to achieve’’ and all that follows through ‘‘3(g);’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘necessary to achieve the purposes specified in the first sentence of this subparagraph;’’. (b) SET-ASIDE FOR REVIEW OF INERT INGRE -
DIENTS AND EXPEDITED PROCESSING OF SIMI-
LARAPPLICATIONS .—Section 4(k)(3)(A) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(k)(3)(A)) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘The Administrator shall use’’ and all that follows through ‘‘personnel and resources—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘For each of fiscal years ø2017 through 2023¿ 2018 through 2020, the Administrator shall use between 
1⁄9and 1⁄8of the maintenance fees collected in such fiscal year to obtain suffi-cient personnel and resources—’’. (c) S
ET-ASIDE FOR EXPEDITED RULEMAKING  
AND GUIDANCE DEVELOPMENT FOR CERTAIN  P
URPOSES .—Paragraph (4) of section 4(k) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(k)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) E
XPEDITED RULEMAKING AND GUIDANCE  
DEVELOPMENT FOR CERTAIN PRODUCT PER -
FORMANCE DATA REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) S
ET-ASIDE .—For each of fiscal years ø2017 through 2021¿ 2018 through 2020, the Ad- ministrator shall use not more than $500,000 of the amounts made available to the Admin-istrator in the Reregistration and Expedited Processing Fund for the activities described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
RODUCTS CLAIMING EFFICACY AGAINST  
INVERTEBRATE PESTS OF SIGNIFICANT PUBLIC  
HEALTH OR ECONOMIC IMPORTANCE .—The Ad- ministrator shall use amounts made avail-able under subparagraph (A) to develop, re-ceive comments with respect to, finalize, and implement the necessary rulemaking and guidance for product performance data re-quirements to evaluate products claiming ef-ficacy against the following invertebrate pests of significant public health or eco-nomic importance (in order of importance): ‘‘(i) Bed bugs. ‘‘(ii) Premise (including crawling insects, flying insects, and baits). ‘‘(iii) Pests of pets (including pet pests con-trolled by spot-ons, collars, shampoos, pow-ders, or dips). ‘‘(iv) Fire ants. ‘‘(C) D
EADLINES FOR GUIDANCE .—The Ad- ministrator shall develop, and publish guid-ance required by subparagraph (B) with re-spect to claims of efficacy against pests de-scribed in such subparagraph as follows: ‘‘(i) With respect to bed bugs, issue final guidance not later than øJune 30, 2017.¿ 30 days after the effective date of the Pesticide Registration Improvement Extension Act of 2017. ‘‘(ii) With respect to pests specified in clause (ii) of such subparagraph— ‘‘(I) submit draft guidance to the Scientific Advisory Panel and for public comment not later than June 30, 2018; and ‘‘(II) complete any response to comments received with respect to such draft guidance and finalize the guidance not later than Sep-tember 30, ø2020¿ 2019. ‘‘(iii) With respect to pests specified in clauses (iii) and (iv) of such subparagraph— ‘‘(I) submit to the Scientific Advisory Panel and for public comment draft guidance not later than June 30, 2019; and ‘‘(II) complete any response to comments received with respect to such draft guidance and finalize the guidance not later than March 31, 2021. ‘‘(D) R
EVISION .—The Administrator shall revise the guidance required by subpara-graph (B) from øtime-to-time¿ time to time, but shall permit applicants and registrants sufficient time to obtain data that meet the requirements specified in such revised guid-ance. ‘‘(E) D
EADLINE FOR PRODUCT PERFORMANCE  
DATA REQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall, not later than September 30, 2021, issue regulations prescribing product performance data requirements for any pesticide intended for preventing, destroying, repelling, or mitigating any invertebrate pest of signifi-cant public health or economic importance specified in clauses (i) through (iv) of sub-paragraph (B).’’. (d) SET-ASIDE FOR GOODLABORATORY PRAC-
TICES INSPECTIONS .—Section 4(k) of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(k)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) G
OOD LABORATORY PRACTICES INSPEC -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) S
ET-ASIDE .—For each of fiscal years ø2017 through 2023¿ 2018 through 2020, the Ad- ministrator shall use not more than $500,000 of the amounts made available to the Admin-istrator in the Reregistration and Expedited Processing Fund for the activities described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
CTIVITIES .—The Administrator shall use amounts made available under subpara-graph (A) for enhancements to the good lab-oratory practices standards compliance mon-itoring program established under part 160 of title 40 of the Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), with respect to laboratory inspections and data audits con-ducted in support of pesticide product reg-istrations under this Act. As part of such monitoring program, the Administrator shall make available to each laboratory in-spected under such program in support of such registrations a preliminary summary of inspection observations not later than 60 days after the date on which such an inspec-tion is completed.’’; and (3) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘ paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’ and in-serting ‘‘ paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5)’’. 
SEC. 4. EXPERIMENTAL USE PERMITS FOR PES-TICIDES. 
Section 5(a) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136c(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘permit for a pesticide.’’ and inserting ‘‘permit for a pesticide. An ap-plication for an experimental use permit for a covered application under section 33(b) shall conform with the requirements of that section.’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘(or in the case of an appli-cation for an experimental use permit for a covered application under section 33(b), not later than the last day of the applicable timeframe for such application specified in such section)’’ after ‘‘all required supporting data’’. 
SEC. 5. PESTICIDE REGISTRATION SERVICE FEES. 
(a) E XTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF FEE A
UTHORITY .—Section 33(b) of the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
PESTICIDE  
REGISTRATION ’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or for any other action covered by a table speci-fied in paragraph (3)’’ after ‘‘covered by this Act that is received by the Administrator on or after the effective date of the Pesticide Registration Improvement Act of 2003’’; (2) in paragraph (5)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
PESTICIDE  
REGISTRATION APPLICATIONS ’’ and inserting ø‘‘covered application’’; and ¿ ‘‘covered appli-cations’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘pesticide registration ap-plication’’ both places it appears and insert-ing ‘‘covered application’’; (3) in paragraph (6)— ø(A) in subparagraph (A)— ø(i) by striking ‘‘pesticide registration’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:38 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4773 June 28, 2018 
ø(ii) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2013, and end-ing on September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2019, and ending on September 30, 2021’’; ø(B) in subparagraph (B)— ø(i) by striking ‘‘pesticide registration’’; and ø(ii) by striking ‘‘2015’’ both places in ap-pears, and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and ø(C) in¿ (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pes-ticide registration’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘re-vised registration service fee schedules’’ and inserting ‘‘service fee schedules revised pur-suant to this paragraph’’; (4) in paragraph (7)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘covered pesticide registra-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘covered application’’; and (ii) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that no waiver or fee reduction shall be provided in connec-tion with a request for a letter of certifi-cation (commonly referred to as a Gold Seal letter)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (F)(i), by striking ‘‘pesticide registration’’; and (5) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pes-ticide registration’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘pesticide registration’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘pesticide reg-istration’’ and inserting ‘‘covered’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘pesticide registration’’ and inserting ‘‘covered’’. (b) P
ESTICIDE REGISTRATION FUND SET- A
SIDES FOR WORKER PROTECTION , PARTNER -
SHIP GRANTS , AND PESTICIDE SAFETY EDU-
CATION .—Section 33(c)(3)(B) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(c)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘, 
PARTNER -
SHIP GRANTS , AND PESTICIDE SAFETY EDU -
CATION ’’ after ‘‘W ORKER PROTECTION ’’; (2) in clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘ ø2023¿ 2020’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following:‘‘, with an emphasis on field-worker populations in the United States’’; (3) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘ø2023¿ 2020’’; and (4) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘ø2023¿ 2020’’. (c) R
EFORMS TOREDUCE DECISION TIMERE-
VIEW PERIODS .—Section 33(e) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Pesticide Registration Im-provement Extension Act of 2012’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Pesticide Registration øEnhancement¿ Improvement Extension Act of 2017’’; and (2) by inserting at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such reforms shall include identifying opportunities for streamlining review processes for applications for a new active ingredient or a new use and providing prompt feedback to applicants during such review process.’’. (d) D
ECISION TIMEREVIEW PERIODS .—Sec- tion 33(f) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act ø(7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(f)(1))¿ (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Pesticide Registration Im-provement Extension Act of 2012’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Pesticide Registration øEnhancement¿ Improvement Extension Act of 2017’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘covered pesticide registration actions’’ the following: ‘‘or for any other action covered by a table specified in subsection (b)(3)’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) applications for any other action cov-ered by a table specified in subsection (b)(3).’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘a pesticide registration application’’ and inserting ‘‘a covered appli-cation’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘covered pesticide registra-tion application’’ and inserting ‘‘covered ap-plication’’. (e) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 33(k) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(k)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘ø2023¿ 2020’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following new clause: ‘‘(i) the number of pesticides or pesticide cases reviewed and the number of registra-tion review decisions completed, including— ‘‘(I) the number of cases cancelled; ‘‘(II) the number of cases requiring risk mitigation measures; ‘‘(III) the number of cases removing risk mitigation measures; ‘‘(IV) the number of cases with no risk mitigation needed; and ‘‘(V) the number of cases in which risk mitigation has been fully implemented;’’; (B) in subparagraph (G)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 4(k)(4)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 4(k)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘that section’’ and insert-ing ‘‘such paragraphs’’; (ii) by striking clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), and (vi); (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(ii) implementing enhancements to— ‘‘(I) the electronic tracking of covered ap-plications; ‘‘(II) the electronic tracking of conditional registrations; ‘‘(III) the endangered species database; ‘‘(IV) the electronic review of labels sub-mitted with covered applications; and ‘‘(V) the electronic review and assessment of confidential statements of formula sub-mitted with covered applications; and’’; and (iv) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (iii); (C) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (D) in subparagraph (J), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (E) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(K) a review of the progress made in de-veloping, updating, and implementing prod-uct performance test guidelines for pesticide products that are intended to control inver-tebrate pests of significant public health im-portance and, by regulation, prescribing product performance data requirements for such pesticide products registered under sec-tion 3; ‘‘(L) a review of the progress made in the priority review and approval of new pes-ticides to control øvector-born public health pests¿ invertebrate public health pests that may transmit vector-borne disease for use in the United States, including each territory or possession of the United States, and United States military installations globally; ‘‘(M) a review of the progress made in im-plementing enhancements to the good lab-oratory practices standards compliance mon-itoring program established under part 160 of title 40 of the Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); ‘‘(N) the number of approvals for active in-gredients, new uses, and pesticide end use products granted in connection with the De-sign for the Environment program (or any successor program) of the Environmental Protection Agency; and ‘‘(O) with respect to funds in the Pesticide Registration Fund reserved under subsection (c)(3), a review that includes— ‘‘(i) a description of the amount and use of such funds— ‘‘(I) to carry out activities relating to worker protection under clause (i) of sub-section (c)(3)(B); ‘‘(II) to award partnership grants under clause (ii) of such subsection; and ‘‘(III) to carry out the pesticide safety edu-cation program under clause (iii) of such sub-section; ‘‘(ii) an evaluation of the appropriateness and effectiveness of the activities, grants, and program described in clause (i); ‘‘(iii) a description of how stakeholders are engaged in the decision to fund such activi-ties, grants, and program; and ‘‘(iv) with respect to activities relating to worker protection carried out under subpara-graph (B)(i) of such subsection, a summary of the analyses from stakeholders, including from worker community-based organiza-tions, on the appropriateness and effective-ness of such activities.’’. (f) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—Sec- tion 33(m) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(m)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘ø2023¿ 2020’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘F
ISCAL YEAR 2018 .—During fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ø‘‘F
ISCAL YEAR  
2024.—During fiscal year 2024’’; and ¿ ‘‘F ISCAL  
YEAR 2021 .—During fiscal year 2021’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘ ø2023¿ 2020’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 .—During fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ø‘‘F
ISCAL YEAR  
2025.—During fiscal year 2025’’; and ¿ ‘‘F ISCAL  
YEAR 2022 .—During fiscal year 2022’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘ ø2023¿ 2020’’; (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘S
EP-
TEMBER 30 , 2019.—Effective September 30, ø2019’’ and inserting ‘‘S
EPTEMBER 30 , 2025.—Ef- fective September 30, 2025’’; and ¿ 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘S
EPTEMBER 30 , 2022.—Effective Sep-tember 30, 2022’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘2017’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘ ø2023¿ 2020’’. 
SEC. 6. REVISION OF TABLES REGARDING COV-ERED PESTICIDE REGISTRATION AP-PLICATIONS AND OTHER COVERED ACTIONS AND THEIR COR-RESPONDING REGISTRATION SERV-ICE FEES. 
Paragraph (3) of section 33(b) of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(b)) is amended to read as follows: ø‘‘(3) S
CHEDULE OF COVERED APPLICATIONS  
AND OTHER ACTIONS AND THEIR REGISTRATION  
SERVICE FEES .—Subject to paragraph (6), the schedule of registration applications and other covered actions and their cor-responding registration service fees shall be as follows:¿ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:53 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4774 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 1. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW ACTIVE INGREDIENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R010 1 New Active Ingredient, Food use. (2)(3) 24 753,082 
R020 2 New Active Ingredient, Food use; reduced risk. (2)(3) 18 627,568 
R040 3 New Active Ingredient, Food use; Experimental Use Permit application; establish temporary tolerance; submitted before application for registration; credit 45% of fee toward new active ingredient application that follows. (3) 18 462,502 
R060 4 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; outdoor. (2)(3) 21 523,205 
R070 5 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; outdoor; reduced risk. (2)(3) 16 436,004 
R090 6 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; outdoor; Experimental Use Permit application; sub-mitted before application for registration; credit 45% of fee toward new active ingre-dient application that follows. (3) 16 323,690 
R110 7 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; indoor. (2)(3) 20 290,994 
R120 8 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; indoor; reduced risk. (2)(3) 14 242,495 
R121 9 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; indoor; Experimental Use Permit application; sub-mitted before application for registration; credit 45% of fee toward new active ingre-dient application that follows. (3) 18 182,327 
R122 10 Enriched isomer(s) of registered mixed-isomer active ingredient. (2)(3) 18 317,128 
R123 11 New Active Ingredient, Seed treatment only; includes agricultural and non-agricultural seeds; residues not expected in raw agricultural commodities. (2)(3) 18 471,861 
R125 12 New Active Ingredient, Seed treatment; Experimental Use Permit application; submitted before application for registration; credit 45% of fee toward new active ingredient ap-plication that follows. (3) 16 323,690 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the new active ingredient or first food use application. The  application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a maximum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert a pproval that is submitted in the new active ingredient application package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All  such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review time. In the case of a new active ingredient application, until that ne w active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product containing the same active ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient a pplication, subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is approved, any subse quent application for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a first food use. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor requ ired by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered r egistration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency. ¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 2. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW USES 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R130 13 First food use; indoor; food/food handling. (2) (3) 21 191,444 
R140 14 Additional food use; Indoor; food/food handling. (3) (4) 15 44,672 
R150 15 First food use. (2)(3) 21 317,104 
R155 16 (new) First food use, Experimental Use Permit application; a.i. registered for non-food outdoor use. (3)(4) 21 264,253 
R160 17 First food use; reduced risk. (2)(3) 16 264,253 
R170 18 Additional food use. (3) (4) 15 79,349 
R175 19 Additional food uses covered within a crop group resulting from the conversion of existing approved crop group(s) to one or more revised crop groups. (3)(4) 10 66,124 
R180 20 Additional food use; reduced risk. (3)(4) 10 66,124 
R190 21 Additional food uses; 6 or more submitted in one application. (3)(4) 15 476,090 
R200 22 Additional Food Use; 6 or more submitted in one application; Reduced Risk. (3)(4) 10 396,742 
R210 23 Additional food use; Experimental Use Permit application; establish temporary tolerance; no credit toward new use registration. (3)(4) 12 48,986 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4775 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 2. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW USES—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R220 24 Additional food use; Experimental Use Permit application; crop destruct basis; no credit to-ward new use registration. (3)(4) 6 19,838 
R230 25 Additional use; non-food; outdoor. (3) (4) 15 31,713 
R240 26 Additional use; non-food; outdoor; reduced risk. (3)(4) 10 26,427 
R250 27 Additional use; non-food; outdoor; Experimental Use Permit application; no credit toward new use registration. (3)(4) 6 19,838 
R251 28 Experimental Use Permit application which requires no changes to the tolerance(s); non- crop destruct basis. (3) 8 19,838 
R260 29 New use; non-food; indoor. (3) (4) 12 15,317 
R270 30 New use; non-food; indoor; reduced risk. (3)(4) 9 12,764 
R271 31 New use; non-food; indoor; Experimental Use Permit application; no credit toward new use registration. (3)(4) 6 9,725 
R273 32 Additional use; seed treatment; limited uptake into Raw Agricultural Commodities; includes crops with established tolerances (e.g., for soil or foliar application); includes food and/ or non-food uses. (3)(4) 12 50,445 
R274 33 Additional uses; seed treatment only; 6 or more submitted in one application; limited up-take into raw agricultural commodities; includes crops with established tolerances (e.g., for soil or foliar application); includes food and/or non-food uses. (3)(4) 12 302,663 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the new active ingredient or first food use application. The  application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a maximum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert a pproval that is submitted in the new active ingredient application package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All  such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review time. In the case of a new active ingredient application, until that ne w active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product containing the same active ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient a pplication, subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is approved, any subse quent application for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a first food use. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor requ ired by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered r egistration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency.  (4) Amendment applications to add the new use(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the new use(s). A ll items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval(s) that is submitted in the new use  application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. However, if a new use application only proposes to register the new use for a new product and there are no amendments in the application, then review of one new prod- uct application is covered by the new use fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new use decision review time. Any application for a new product or an amendment to the proposed labeling (a) submitted subsequent to submission of the new use application and (b) prior to conclusio n of its decision review time and (c) containing the same new uses, will be deemed a separate new-use application, subject to a separate registration service fee and new decision review time for a new  use. If the new-use application includes non-food (indoor and/or outdoor), and food (outdoor and/or indoor) uses, the appropriate fee is due for each type of new use and the longest decision review time  applies to all of the new uses requested in the application. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screen, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new  use application.¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 3. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — IMPORT AND OTHER TOLERANCES 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R280 34 Establish import tolerance; new active ingredient or first food use. (2) 21 319,072 
R290 35 Establish Import tolerance; Additional new food use. 15 63,816 
R291 36 Establish import tolerances; additional food uses; 6 or more crops submitted in one peti-tion. 15 382,886 
R292 37 Amend an established tolerance (e.g., decrease or increase) and/or harmonize established tolerances with Codex MRLs; domestic or import; applicant-initiated. 11 45,341 
R293 38 Establish tolerance(s) for inadvertent residues in one crop; applicant-initiated. 12 53,483 
R294 39 Establish tolerances for inadvertent residues; 6 or more crops submitted in one applica-tion; applicant-initiated. 12 320,894 
R295 40 Establish tolerance(s) for residues in one rotational crop in response to a specific rota-tional crop application; submission of corresponding label amendments which specify the necessary plant-back restrictions; applicant-initiated. (3) (4) 15 66,124 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4776 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 3. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — IMPORT AND OTHER TOLERANCES—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R296 41 Establish tolerances for residues in rotational crops in response to a specific rotational crop petition; 6 or more crops submitted in one application; submission of cor-responding label amendments which specify the necessary plant-back restrictions; ap-plicant-initiated. (3) (4) 15 396,742 
R297 42 Amend 6 or more established tolerances (e.g., decrease or increase) in one petition; do-mestic or import; applicant-initiated. 11 272,037 
R298 43 Amend an established tolerance (e.g., decrease or increase); domestic or import; submis-sion of corresponding amended labels (requiring science review). (3) (4) 13 58,565 
R299 44 Amend 6 or more established tolerances (e.g., decrease or increase); domestic or import; submission of corresponding amended labels (requiring science review). (3) (4) 13 285,261 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the new active ingredient or first food use application. The  application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a maximum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert a pproval that is submitted in the new active ingredient application package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All  such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review time. In the case of a new active ingredient application, until that ne w active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product containing the same active ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient a pplication, subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is approved, any subse quent application for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a first food use. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor requ ired by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered r egistration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency.  (4) Amendment applications to add the revised use pattern(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the c ategory. All items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval(s) that is submitted in the amendment application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. However, if an amendment application only proposes to register the amendment for a new p roduct and there are no amendments in the application, then review of one new product application is covered by the base fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be su bject to the category decision review time. ¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 4. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R300 45 New product; or similar combination product (already registered) to an identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; registered source of active ingredient; no data review on acute toxicity, efficacy or CRP – only product chemistry data; cite-all data citation, or selective data citation where applicant owns all required data, or applicant submits specific authorization letter from data owner. Category also in-cludes 100% re-package of registered end-use or manufac-turing-use product that requires no data submission nor data matrix. (2)(3) 4 1,582 
R301 46 New product; or similar combination product (already registered) to an identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; registered source of active ingredient; selec-tive data citation only for data on product chemistry and/or acute toxicity and/or public health pest efficacy (identical data citation and claims to cited product(s)), where applicant does not own all required data and does not have a specific author-ization letter from data owner. (2)(3) 4 1,897 
R310 47 New end-use or manufacturing-use product with registered source(s) of active ingredient(s); includes products containing two or more registered active ingredients previously combined in other registered products; excludes products requiring or citing an animal safety study; requires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for up to 3 target pests. (2)(3) 7 7,301 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4777 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 4. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R314 48 New end use product containing up to three registered active in-gredients never before registered as this combination in a for-mulated product; new product label is identical or substantially similar to the labels of currently registered products which sep-arately contain the respective component active ingredients; ex-cludes products requiring or citing an animal safety study; re-quires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for up to 3 target pests. (2)(3) 8 8,626 
R319 49 New end use product containing up to three registered active in-gredients never before registered as this combination in a for-mulated product; new product label is identical or substantially similar to the labels of currently registered products which sep-arately contain the respective component active ingredients; ex-cludes products requiring or citing an animal safety study; re-quires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for 4 to 7 target pests. (2)(3) 10 12,626 
R318 50 (new) New end use product containing four or more registered active in-gredients never before registered as this combination in a for-mulated product; new product label is identical or substantially similar to the labels of currently registered products which sep-arately contain the respective component active ingredients; ex-cludes products requiring or citing an animal safety study; re-quires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for up to 3 target pests. (2)(3) 9 13,252 
R321 51 (new) New end use product containing four or more registered active in-gredients never before registered as this combination in a for-mulated product; new product label is identical or substantially similar to the labels of currently registered products which sep-arately contain the respective component active ingredients; ex-cludes products requiring or citing an animal safety study; re-quires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for 4 to 7 target pests. (2)(3) 11 17,252 
R315 52 New end-use, on-animal product, registered source of active ingre-dient(s), with the submission of data and/or waivers for only: ∑ animal safety and ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) and/or ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging. (2) (3) 9 9,820 
R316 53 (new) New end-use or manufacturing product with registered source(s) of active ingredient(s) including products containing two or more registered active ingredients previously combined in other reg-istered products; excludes products requiring or citing an ani-mal safety study; and requires review of data and/or waivers for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for greater than 3 and up to 7 target pests. (2)(3) 9 11,301 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4778 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 4. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R317 54 (new) New end-use or manufacturing product with registered source(s) of active ingredient(s) including products containing 2 or more registered active ingredients previously combined in other reg-istered products; excludes products requiring or citing an ani-mal safety study; and requires review of data and/or waivers for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for greater than 7 target pests. (2)(3) 10 15,301 
R320 55 New product; new physical form; requires data review in science divisions. (2)(3) 12 13,226 
R331 56 New product; repack of identical registered end-use product as a manufacturing-use product, or identical registered manufac-turing-use product as an end use product; same registered uses only. (2)(3) 3 2,530 
R332 57 New manufacturing-use product; registered active ingredient; un-registered source of active ingredient; submission of completely new generic data package; registered uses only; requires review in RD and science divisions. (2)(3) 24 283,215 
R333 58 New product; MUP or End use product with unregistered source of active ingredient; requires science data review; new physical form; etc. Cite-all or selective data citation where applicant owns all required data. (2)(3) 10 19,838 
R334 59 New product; MUP or End use product with unregistered source of the active ingredient; requires science data review; new physical form; etc. Selective data citation. (2)(3) 11 23,100 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an ap- plication for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredient. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency.  (4) For the purposes of classifying proposed registration actions into PRIA categories, ‘‘pest(s) requiring efficacy’’ are: pub lic health pests listed in PR Notice 2002-1, livestock pests (e.g. Horn flies, Sta- ble flies), wood-destroying pests (e.g. termites, carpenter ants, wood-boring beetles) and certain invasive species (e.g. Asian  Longhorned beetle, Emerald Ashborer). This list may be updated/refined as invasive pest needs arise. To determine the number of pests for the PRIA categories, pests have been placed into groups (genera l; e.g., cockroaches) and pest specific (specifically a test species). If seek- ing a label claim against a pest group (general), use the group listing below and each group will count as 1. The general pests  groups are: mites, dust mites, chiggers, ticks, hard ticks, soft ticks, cattle ticks, scorpions, spiders, centipedes, lice, fleas, cockroaches, keds, bot flies, screwworms, filth flies, blow flies, house fl ies, flesh flies, mosquitoes, biting flies, horse flies, stable flies, deer flies, sand flies, biting midges, black flies, true bugs, bed bugs, stinging bees, wasps, yellow jackets, hornets, ants (excluding carpente r ants), fire and harvester ants, wood destroying beetles, carpenter ants, ter- mites, subterranean termites, dry wood termites, arboreal termites, damp wood termites and invasive species. If seeking a claim  against a specific pest without a general claim then each specific pest will count as 1.¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 5. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — AMENDMENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R340 60 Amendment requiring data review within RD (e.g., changes to precautionary label statements); includes adding/modifying pest(s) claims for up to 2 target pests, excludes products requiring or citing an ani-mal safety study. (2)(3)(4) 4 4,988 
R341 61 (New) Amendment requiring data review within RD (e.g., changes to precautionary label statements), includes adding/modifying pest(s) claims for greater than 2 target pests, excludes products requiring or citing an animal safety study. (2)(3)(4) 6 5,988 
R345 62 Amending on-animal products previously registered, with the submission of data and/or waivers for only: ∑ animal safety and ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) and/or ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging. (2)(3) 7 8,820 
R350 63 Amendment requiring data review in science divisions (e.g., changes to REI, or PPE, or PHI, or use rate, or number of applications; or add aerial application; or modify GW/SW advisory statement). (2)(3) 9 13,226 
R351 64 Amendment adding a new unregistered source of active ingredient. (2)(3) 8 13,226 
R352 65 Amendment adding already approved uses; selective method of support; does not apply if the applicant owns all cited data. (2) (3) 8 13,226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4779 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 5. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — AMENDMENTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R371 66 Amendment to Experimental Use Permit; (does not include extending a permit’s time period). (3) 6 10,090 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) (a) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged registration service fees. (b) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments  are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(c)(3)(B) and are not subject to registration service fees. (c) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments handled by the Anti microbials Division are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(h) and are not subject to registration service fees. (d) Registrant initiated amendments submitted by notification un der PR Notices, such as PR Notice 98-10, continue under PR Notice timelines and are not subject to registration service fees. (e) Submissions with data and requiring data review are subject to registrati on service fees. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency.  (4) For the purposes of classifying proposed registration actions into PRIA categories, ‘‘pest(s) requiring efficacy’’ are: pub lic health pests listed in PR Notice 2002-1, livestock pests (e.g. Horn flies, Sta- ble flies), wood-destroying pests (e.g. termites, carpenter ants, wood-boring beetles) and certain invasive species (e.g. Asian  Longhorned beetle, Emerald Ashborer). This list may be updated/refined as invasive pest needs arise. To determine the number of pests for the PRIA categories, pests have been placed into groups (genera l; e.g., cockroaches) and pest specific (specifically a test species). If seek- ing a label claim against a pest group (general), use the group listing below and each group will count as 1. The general pests  groups are: mites, dust mites, chiggers, ticks, hard ticks, soft ticks, cattle ticks, scorpions, spiders, centipedes, lice, fleas, cockroaches, keds, bot flies, screwworms, filth flies, blow flies, house fl ies, flesh flies, mosquitoes, biting flies, horse flies, stable flies, deer flies, sand flies, biting midges, black flies, true bugs, bed bugs, stinging bees, wasps, yellow jackets, hornets, ants (excluding carpente r ants), fire and harvester ants, wood destroying beetles, carpenter ants, ter- mites, subterranean termites, dry wood termites, arboreal termites, damp wood termites and invasive species. If seeking a claim  against a specific pest without a general claim then each specific pest will count as 1.¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 6. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — OTHER ACTIONS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
R124 67 Conditional Ruling on Pre-application Study Waivers; applicant-initiated. 6 2,530 
R272 68 Review of Study Protocol applicant-initiated; excludes DART, pre-registration conference, Rapid Response review, DNT protocol review, protocol needing HSRB review. 3 2,530 
R275 69 Rebuttal of agency reviewed protocol, applicant initiated. 3 2,530 
R370 70 Cancer reassessment; applicant-initiated. 18 198,250 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day.¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 7. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW ACTIVE INGREDIENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
A380 71 New Active Ingredient; Indirect Food use; establish tolerance or tolerance exemption if required. (2)(3) 24 137,841 
A390 72 New Active Ingredient; Direct Food use; establish tolerance or tolerance exemption if required. (2)(3) 24 229,733 
A410 73 New Active Ingredient Non-food use.(2)(3) 21 229,733 
A431 74 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; low-risk. (2)(3) 12 80,225 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the new active ingredient or first food use application. The  application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a maximum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert a pproval that is submitted in the new active ingredient application package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All  such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review time. In the case of a new active ingredient application, until that ne w active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product containing the same active ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient a pplication, subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is approved, any subse quent application for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a first food use. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor requ ired by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered r egistration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency. ¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 8. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW USES 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
A440 75 New Use, Indirect Food Use, establish tolerance or tolerance ex- emption. (2)(3)(4) 21 31,910 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4780 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 8. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW USES—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
A441 76 Additional Indirect food uses; establish tolerances or tolerance exemptions if required; 6 or more submitted in one applica-tion. (3)(4)(5) 21 114,870 
A450 77 New use, Direct food use, establish tolerance or tolerance ex- emption. (2)(3)(4) 21 95,724 
A451 78 Additional Direct food uses; establish tolerances or tolerance ex- emptions if required; 6 or more submitted in one application. (3)(4)(5) 21 182,335 
A500 79 New use, non-food. (4)(5) 12 31,910 
A501 80 New use, non-food; 6 or more submitted in one application. (4)(5) 15 76,583 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the new active ingredient or first food use application. The  application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a maximum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert a pproval that is submitted in the new active ingredient application package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All  such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review time. In the case of a new active ingredient application, until that ne w active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product containing the same active ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient a pplication, subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is approved, any subse quent application for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a first food use. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor requ ired by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered r egistration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) If EPA data rules are amended to newly require clearance under section 408 of the FFDCA for an ingredient of an antimicrobi al product where such ingredient was not previously subject to such a clearance, then review of the data for such clearance of such product is not subject to a registration service fee for the tole rance action for two years from the effective date of the rule. (4) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency.  (5) Amendment applications to add the new use(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the new use(s). A ll items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval(s) that is submitted in the new use  application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. However, if a new use application only proposes to register the new use for a new product and there are no amendments in the application, then review of one new prod- uct application is covered by the new use fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new use decision review time. Any application for a new product or an amendment to the proposed labeling (a) submitted subsequent to submission of the new use application and (b) prior to conclusio n of its decision review time and (c) containing the same new uses, will be deemed a separate new-use application, subject to a separate registration service fee and new decision review time for a new  use. If the new-use application includes non-food (indoor and/or outdoor), and food (outdoor and/or indoor) uses, the appropriate fee is due for each type of new use and the longest decision review time  applies to all of the new uses requested in the application. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screen, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new  use application.¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 9. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS AND AMENDMENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
A530 81 New product, identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; no data review or only product chemistry data; cite all data citation or selec-tive data citation where applicant owns all required data; or applicant submits specific authorization letter from data owner. Category also includes 100% re-package of reg-istered end-use or manufacturing use product that requires no data submission nor data matrix. (2)(3) 4 1,278 
A531 82 New product; identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; registered source of active ingredient: selective data citation only for data on product chemistry and/or acute toxicity and/or public health pest efficacy, where appli-cant does not own all required data and does not have a specific authorization letter from data owner. (2)(3) 4 1,824 
A532 83 New product; identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; registered active ingredient; unregistered source of active ingredient; cite-all data citation except for product chemistry; product chemistry data submitted. (2)(3) 5 5,107 
A540 84 New end use product; FIFRA §2(mm) uses only; up to 25 public health organisms. (2)(3)(5)(6) 5 5,107 
A541 85 (new) New end use product; FIFRA §2(mm) uses only; 26-50 public health organisms. (2)(3)(5)(6) 7 8,500 
A542 86 (new) New end use product; FIFRA §2(mm) uses only; ≥ 51 public health organisms. (2)(3)(5) 10 15,000 
A550 87 New end-use product; uses other than FIFRA §2(mm); non-FQPA product. (2)(3)(5) 9 13,226 
A560 88 New manufacturing use product; registered active ingredient; selective data citation. (2)(3) 6 12,596 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4781 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 9. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS AND AMENDMENTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
A565 89 (new) New manufacturing-use product; registered active ingredient; unregistered source of ac-tive ingredient; submission of new generic data package; registered uses only; requires science review. (2)(3) 12 18,234 
A570 90 Label amendment requiring data review; up to 25 public health organisms. (3)(4)(5)(6) 4 3,831 
A573 91 (new) Label amendment requiring data review; 26-50 public health organisms. (2)(3)(5)(7) 6 6,350 
A574 92 (new) Label amendment requiring data review; ≥ 51 public health organisms. (2)(3)(5)(7) 9 11,000 
A572 93 New Product or amendment requiring data review for risk assessment by Science Branch (e.g., changes to REI, or PPE, or use rate). (2)(3)(4) 9 13,226 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an ap- plication for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredient. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency.  (4)(a) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged registration service fees. (b) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(c)(3)(B) and are not subject to registration service fees. (c) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments handled by the Anti microbials Division are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(h) and are not subject to registration service fees. (d) Registrant initiated amendments submitted by notification un der PR Notices, such as PR Notice 98–10, continue under PR Notice timelines and are not subject to registration service fees. (e) Submissions with data and requiring data review are subject to registrati on service fees. (5) The applicant must identify the substantially similar product if opting to use cite-all or the selective method to support acute toxicity data requirements. (6) Once a submission for a new product with public health organisms has been submitted and classified in either A540 or A541, additional organisms submitted for the same product before expiration of the first submission’s original decision review time period will result in reclassification of both the original and subsequ ent submission into the appropriate new category based on the sum of the num- ber or organisms in both submissions. A reclassification would result in a new PRIA start date and require additional fees to m eet the fee of the new category. (7) Once a submission for a label amendment with public health organisms has been submitted and classified in either A570 or A5 73, additional organisms submitted for the same product before expi- ration of the first submission’s original decision review time period will result in reclassification of both the original and subsequent submission into the appropriate new category based on the sum of the number or organisms in both submissions. A reclassification would result in a new PRIA start date and require additional fees t o meet the fee of the new category.¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 10. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — EXPERIMENTAL USE PERMITS AND OTHER ACTIONS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
A520 94 Experimental Use Permit application, non-food use. (2) 9 6,383 
A521 95 Review of public health efficacy study protocol within AD, per AD Internal Guidance for the Efficacy Protocol Review Process; Code will also include review of public health ef-ficacy study protocol and data review for devices making pesticidal claims; applicant- initiated; Tier 1. 4 4,726 
A522 96 Review of public health efficacy study protocol outside AD by members of AD Efficacy Pro-tocol Review Expert Panel; Code will also include review of public health efficacy study protocol and data review for devices making pesticidal claims; applicant-initiated; Tier 2. 12 12,156 
A537 97 (new) New Active Ingredient/New Use, Experimental Use Permit application; Direct food use; Es-tablish tolerance or tolerance exemption if required. Credit 45% of fee toward new ac-tive ingredient/new use application that follows. 18 153,156 
A538 98 (new) New Active Ingredient/New Use, Experimental Use Permit application; Indirect food use; Establish tolerance or tolerance exemption if required Credit 45% of fee toward new active ingredient/new use application that follows. 18 95,724 
A539 99 (new) New Active Ingredient/New Use, Experimental Use Permit application; Nonfood use. Credit 45% of fee toward new active ingredient/new use application that follows. 15 92,163 
A529 100 Amendment to Experimental Use Permit; requires data review or risk assessment. (2) 9 11,429 
A523 101 Review of protocol other than a public health efficacy study (i.e., Toxicology or Exposure Protocols). 9 12,156 
A571 102 Science reassessment: Cancer risk, refined ecological risk, and/or endangered species; ap-plicant-initiated. 18 95,724 
A533 103 (new) Exemption from the requirement of an Experimental Use Permit. (2) 4 2,482 
A534 104 (new) Rebuttal of agency reviewed protocol, applicant initiated. 4 4,726 
A535 105 (new) Conditional Ruling on Pre-application Study Waiver or Data Bridging Argument; applicant- initiated. 6 2,409 
A536 106 (new) Conditional Ruling on Pre-application Direct Food, Indirect Food, Nonfood use determina-tion; applicant-initiated. 4 2,482 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4782 June 28, 2018 
(2) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency. ¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 11. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — NEW ACTIVE INGREDIENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B580 107 New active ingredient; food use; petition to establish a tolerance. (2)(3) 20 51,053 
B590 108 New active ingredient; food use; petition to establish a tolerance exemption. (2)(3) 18 31,910 
B600 109 New active ingredient; non-food use. (2)(3) 13 19,146 
B610 110 New active ingredient; Experimental Use Permit application; petition to establish a tem-porary tolerance or temporary tolerance exemption. (3) 10 12,764 
B611 111 New active ingredient; Experimental Use Permit application; petition to establish perma-nent tolerance exemption. (3) 12 12,764 
B612 112 New active ingredient; no change to a permanent tolerance exemption. (2)(3) 10 17,550 
B613 113 New active ingredient; petition to convert a temporary tolerance or a temporary tolerance exemption to a permanent tolerance or tolerance exemption. (2)(3) 11 17,550 
B620 114 New active ingredient; Experimental Use Permit application; non-food use including crop destruct. (3) 7 6,383 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the new active ingredient or first food use application. The  application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a maximum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert a pproval that is submitted in the new active ingredient application package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All  such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review time. In the case of a new active ingredient application, until that ne w active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product containing the same active ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient a pplication, subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is approved, any subse quent application for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a first food use. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor requ ired by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered r egistration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency. ¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 12. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — NEW USES 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B630 115 First food use; petition to establish a tolerance exemption. (2)(4) 13 12,764 
B631 116 New food use; petition to amend an established tolerance. (3)(4) 12 12,764 
B640 117 First food use; petition to establish a tolerance. (2)(4) 19 19,146 
B643 118 New Food use; petition to amend an established tolerance exemption. (3)(4) 10 12,764 
B642 119 First food use; indoor; food/food handling. (2)(4) 12 31,910 
B644 120 New use, no change to an established tolerance or tolerance exemption. (3)(4) 8 12,764 
B650 121 New use; non-food. (3)(4) 7 6,383 
B645 122 (new) New food use; Experimental Use Permit application; petition to amend or add a tolerance exemption. (4) 12 12,764 
B646 123 (new) New use; non-food use including crop destruct; Experimental Use Permit application. (4) 7 6,383 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the new active ingredient or first food use application. The  application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a maximum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert a pproval that is submitted in the new active ingredient application package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All  such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review time. In the case of a new active ingredient application, until that ne w active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product containing the same active ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient a pplication, subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is approved, any subse quent application for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a first food use. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor requ ired by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered r egistration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4783 June 28, 2018 
(3) Amendment applications to add the new use(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the new use(s). A ll items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval(s) that is submitted in the new use  application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. However, if a new use application only proposes to register the new use for a new product and there are no amendments in the application, then review of one new prod- uct application is covered by the new use fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new use decision review time. Any application for a new product or an amendment to the proposed labeling (a) submitted subsequent to submission of the new use application and (b) prior to conclusio n of its decision review time and (c) containing the same new uses, will be deemed a separate new-use application, subject to a separate registration service fee and new decision review time for a new  use. If the new-use application includes non-food (indoor and/or outdoor), and food (outdoor and/or indoor) uses, the appropriate fee is due for each type of new use and the longest decision review time  applies to all of the new uses requested in the application. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screen, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new  use application. (4) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency. ¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 13. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B652 124 New product; registered source of active ingredient; requires petition to amend established tolerance or tolerance exemption; requires 1) submission of product specific data; or 2) citation of previously re-viewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data generated at government expense; or 4) submission or citation of scientifically-sound rationale based on publicly available literature or other relevant information that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 13 12,764 
B660 125 New product; registered source of active ingredient(s); identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product. No data review, or only product chemistry data; cite-all data citation, or selective data citation where applicant owns all required data or authorization from data owner is demonstrated. Category includes 100% re-package of registered end-use or manufacturing-use prod-uct that requires no data submission or data matrix. For microbial pesticides, the active ingredient(s) must not be re-isolated. (2)(3) 4 1,278 
B670 126 New product; registered source of active ingredient(s); requires: 1) submission of product specific data; or 2) citation of previously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data gen-erated at government expense; or 4) submission or citation of a scientifically-sound rationale based on publicly available literature or other relevant information that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 7 5,107 
B671 127 New product; unregistered source of active ingredient(s); requires a petition to amend an established tol-erance or tolerance exemption; requires: 1) submission of product specific data; or 2) citation of pre-viously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data generated at government ex-pense; or 4) submission or citation of a scientifically-sound rationale based on publicly available lit-erature or other relevant information that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a re-quest for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 17 12,764 
B672 128 New product; unregistered source of active ingredient(s); non-food use or food use requires: 1) submis-sion of product specific data; or 2) citation of previously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submis-sion or citation of data generated at government expense; or 4) submission or citation of a scientif-ically-sound rationale based on publicly available literature or other relevant information that address-es the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 13 9,118 
B673 129 New product MUP/EP; unregistered source of active ingredient(s); citation of Technical Grade Active In-gredient (TGAI) data previously reviewed and accepted by the Agency. Requires an Agency determina-tion that the cited data supports the new product. (2)(3) 10 5,107 
B674 130 New product MUP; Repack of identical registered end-use product as a manufacturing-use product; same registered uses only. (2)(3) 4 1,278 
B675 131 New Product MUP; registered source of active ingredient; submission of completely new generic data package; registered uses only. (2)(3) 10 9,118 
B676 132 New product; more than one active ingredient where one active ingredient is an unregistered source; product chemistry data must be submitted; requires: 1) submission of product specific data, and 2) citation of previously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data generated at government expense; or 4) submission or citation of a scientifically-sound rationale based on publicly available literature or other relevant information that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submis-sion of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 13 9,118 
B677 133 New end-use non-food animal product with submission of two or more target animal safety studies; in-cludes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ public health pest efficacy and/or ∑ animal safety studies and/or ∑ child resistant packaging. (2)(3) 10 8,820 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an ap- plication for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredient. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4784 June 28, 2018 
(3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency. ¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 14. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — AMENDMENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B621 134 Amendment; Experimental Use Permit; no change to an established temporary tol-erance or tolerance exemption. (3) 7 5,107 
B622 135 Amendment; Experimental Use Permit; petition to amend an established or tem-porary tolerance or tolerance exemption. (3) 11 12,764 
B641 136 Amendment of an established tolerance or tolerance exemption. 13 12,764 
B680 137 Amendment; registered sources of active ingredient(s); no new use(s); no changes to an established tolerance or tolerance exemption. Requires data submission. (2)(3) 5 5,107 
B681 138 Amendment; unregistered source of active ingredient(s). Requires data submis-sion. (2)(3) 7 6,079 
B683 139 Label amendment; requires review/update of previous risk assessment(s) without data submission (e.g., labeling changes to REI, PPE, PHI). (2)(3) 6 5,107 
B684 140 Amending non-food animal product that includes submission of target animal safety data; previously registered. (2)(3) 8 8,820 
B685 141 (new) Amendment; add a new biochemical unregistered source of active ingredient or a new microbial production site. Requires submission of analysis of samples data and source/production site-specific manufacturing process description. (3) 5 5,107 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) (a) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged registration service fees. (b) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments  are to be completed within the timelines speci- fied in FIFRA Section 3(c)(3)(B) and are not subject to registration service fees. (c) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendmen ts handled by the Antimicrobials Division are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(h) and are not subject to registration service fees. (d) Registrant  initiated amendments submitted by notification under PR Notices, such as PR Notice 98-10, continue under PR Notice timelines and are not subject to registration service fees.  (e) Submissions with data and requiring data re- view are subject to registration service fees. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft ac- cepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting d ata reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amend ed by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the ass ociated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-acc epted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted fi nal Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency. ¿ ø‘‘TABLE 15. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — SCLP 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B690 142 New active ingredient; food or non-food use. (2)(6) 7 2,554 
B700 143 Experimental Use Permit application; new active ingredient or new use. (6) 7 1,278 
B701 144 Extend or amend Experimental Use Permit. (6) 4 1,278 
B710 145 New product; registered source of active ingredient(s); identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; no change in an established tolerance or tolerance exemption. No data review, or only product chemistry data; cite-all data cita-tion, or selective data citation where applicant owns all required data or authorization from data owner is demonstrated. Category includes 100% re-package of registered end-use or manufacturing-use product that requires no data submission or data ma-trix. (3)(6) 4 1,278 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4785 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 15. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — SCLP—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B720 146 New product; registered source of active ingredient(s); requires: 1) submission of product specific data; or 2) citation of previously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data generated at government expense; or 4) submission or citation of a scientifically-sound rationale based on publicly available literature or other relevant in-formation that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (3)(6) 5 1,278 
B721 147 New product; unregistered source of active ingredient. (3)(6) 7 2,676 
B722 148 New use and/or amendment; petition to establish a tolerance or tolerance exemption. (4)(5)(6) 7 2,477 
B730 149 Label amendment requiring data submission. (4)(6) 5 1,278 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the new active ingredient or first food use application. The  application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a maximum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert a pproval that is submitted in the new active ingredient application package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All  such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review time. In the case of a new active ingredient application, until that ne w active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product containing the same active ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient a pplication, subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is approved, any subse quent application for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a first food use. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor requ ired by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered r egistration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an ap- plication for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredient. (4) (a) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged registration service fees. (b) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments  are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(c)(3)(B) and are not subject to registration service fees. (c) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments handled by the Anti microbials Division are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(h) and are not subject to registration service fees. (d) Registrant initiated amendments submitted by notification un der PR Notices, such as PR Notice 98-10, continue under PR Notice timelines and are not subject to registration service fees. (e) Submissions with data and requiring data review are subject to registrati on service fees. (5) Amendment applications to add the new use(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the new use(s). A ll items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval(s) that is submitted in the new use  application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. However, if a new use application only proposes to register the new use for a new product and there are no amendments in the application, then review of one new prod- uct application is covered by the new use fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new use decision review time. Any application for a new product or an amendment to the proposed labeling (a) submitted subsequent to submission of the new use application and (b) prior to conclusio n of its decision review time and (c) containing the same new uses, will be deemed a separate new-use application, subject to a separate registration service fee and new decision review time for a new  use. If the new-use application includes non-food (indoor and/or outdoor), and food (outdoor and/or indoor) uses, the appropriate fee is due for each type of new use and the longest decision review time  applies to all of the new uses requested in the application. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screen, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new  use application. (6) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency. ¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 16. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — OTHER ACTIONS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B614 150 Pre-application; Conditional Ruling on rationales for addressing a data requirement in lieu of data; applicant-initiated; applies to one rationale at a time. 3 2,530 
B615 151 Rebuttal of agency reviewed protocol, applicant initiated. 3 2,530 
B682 152 Protocol review; applicant initiated; excludes time for HSRB review. 3 2,432 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day.¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 17. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — PIP 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B740 153 Experimental Use Permit application; no petition for tolerance/tolerance exemption. Includes: 1. non-food/feed use(s) for a new (2) or registered (3) PIP (12); 2. food/feed use(s) for a new or registered PIP with crop destruct (12); 3. food/feed use(s) for a new or registered PIP in which an established tolerance/tolerance exemption exists for the intended use(s). (4)(12) 6 95,724 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4786 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 17. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — PIP—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B741 154 (new) Experimental Use Permit application; no petition for tolerance/tolerance exemption. Includes: 1. non-food/feed use(s) for a new (2) or registered (3) PIP; 2. food/feed use(s) for a new or registered PIP with crop destruct; 3. food/feed use(s) for a new or registered PIP in which an established tolerance/tolerance exemption exists for the intended use(s); SAP Review. (12) 12 159,538 
B750 155 Experimental Use Permit application; with a petition to establish a temporary or permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient. Includes new food/feed use for a registered (3) PIP. (4)(12) 9 127,630 
B770 156 Experimental Use Permit application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish a temporary tolerance/tolerance ex-emption for the active ingredient; credit 75% of B771 fee toward registration application for a new active ingredient that follows; SAP review. (5)(12) 15 191,444 
B771 157 Experimental Use Permit application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish a temporary tolerance/tolerance ex-emption for the active ingredient; credit 75% of B771 fee toward registration application for a new active ingredient that follows. (12) 10 127,630 
B772 158 Application to amend or extend an Experimental Use Permit; no petition since the established tolerance/toler-ance exemption for the active ingredient is unaffected. (12) 3 12,764 
B773 159 Application to amend or extend an Experimental Use Permit; with petition to extend a temporary tolerance/toler-ance exemption for the active ingredient. (12) 5 31,910 
B780 160 Registration application; new (2) PIP; non-food/feed. (12) 12 159,537 
B790 161 Registration application; new (2) PIP; non-food/feed; SAP review. (5)(12) 18 223,351 
B800 162 Registration application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient based on an existing temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption. (12) 13 172,300 
B810 163 Registration application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient based on an existing temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption. SAP review. (5)(12) 19 236,114 
B820 164 Registration application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish or amend a permanent tolerance/tolerance ex-emption of an active ingredient. (12) 15 204,208 
B840 165 Registration application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish or amend a permanent tolerance/tolerance ex-emption of an active ingredient. SAP review. (5)(12) 21 268,022 
B851 166 Registration application; new event of a previously registered PIP active ingredient(s); no petition since perma-nent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active ingredient(s). (12) 9 127,630 
B870 167 Registration application; registered (3) PIP; new product; new use; no petition since a permanent tolerance/tol-erance exemption is already established for the active ingredient(s). (4) (12) 9 38,290 
B880 168 Registration application; registered (3) PIP; new product or new terms of registration; additional data sub-mitted; no petition since a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active in-gredient(s). (6) (7) (12) 9 31,910 
B881 169 Registration application; registered (3) PIP; new product or new terms of registration; additional data sub-mitted; no petition since a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active in-gredient(s). SAP review. (5)(6)(7)(12) 15 95,724 
B882 170 (new) Registration application; new (2) PIP, seed increase with negotiated acreage cap and time-limited registration; with petition to establish a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient based on an existing temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption; SAP Review. (8)(12) 15 191,444 
B883 171 Registration application; new (2) PIP, seed increase with negotiated acreage cap and time-limited registration; with petition to establish a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient based on an existing temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption. (8) (12) 9 127,630 
B884 172 Registration application; new (2) PIP, seed increase with negotiated acreage cap and time-limited registration; with petition to establish a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient. (8)(12) 12 159,537 
B885 173 Registration application; registered (3) PIP, seed increase; breeding stack of previously approved PIPs, same crop; no petition since a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active ingre-dient(s). (9)(12) 6 31,910 
B886 174 (new) Registration application; new (2) PIP, seed increase with negotiated acreage cap and time-limited registration; with petition to establish a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient. SAP Review. (8) (12) 18 223,351 
B890 175 Application to amend a seed increase registration; converts registration to commercial registration; no petition since permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active ingredient(s). (12) 9 63,816 
B891 176 Application to amend a seed increase registration; converts registration to a commercial registration; no peti-tion since a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption already established for the active ingredient(s); SAP re-view. (5)(12) 15 127,630 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4787 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 17. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — PIP—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
B900 177 Application to amend a registration, including actions such as extending an expiration date, modifying an IRM plan, or adding an insect to be controlled. (10)(11)(12) 6 12,764 
B901 178 Application to amend a registration, including actions such as extending an expiration date, modifying an IRM plan, or adding an insect to be controlled. SAP review. (10) (11) (12) 12 76,578 
B902 179 PIP Protocol review. 3 6,383 
B903 180 Inert ingredient tolerance exemption; e.g., a marker such as NPT II; reviewed in BPPD. 6 63,816 
B904 181 Import tolerance or tolerance exemption; processed commodities/food only (inert or active ingredient). 9 127,630 
B905 182 (new) SAP Review. 6 63,816 
B906 183 (new) Petition to establish a temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption for one or more active ingredients. 3 31,907 
B907 184 (new) Petition to establish a temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption for one or more active ingredients based on an existing temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption. 3 12,764 
B908 185 (new) Petition to establish a temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption for one or more active ingredients or inert ingre-dients. 3 44,671 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) New PIP = a PIP with an active ingredient that has not been registered. (3) Registered PIP = a PIP with an active ingredient that is currently registered. (4) Transfer registered PIP through conventional breeding for new food/feed use, such as from field corn to sweet corn. (5) The scientific data involved in this category are complex. EPA often seeks technical advice from the Scientific Advisory Pa nel on risks that pesticides pose to wildlife, farm workers, pesticide applica- tors, non-target species, as well as insect resistance, and novel scientific issues surrounding new technologies. The scientist s of the SAP neither make nor recommend policy decisions. They provide advice on the science used to make these decisions. Their advice is invaluable to the EPA as it strives to protect humans and the envi ronment from risks posed by pesticides. Due to the time it takes to schedule and prepare for meetings with the SAP, additional time and costs are needed. (6) Registered PIPs stacked through conventional breeding. (7) Deployment of a registered PIP with a different IRM plan (e.g., seed blend). (8) The negotiated acreage cap will depend upon EPA’s determination of the potential environmental exposure, risk(s) to non-tar get organisms, and the risk of targeted pest developing resistance to the pesticidal substance. The uncertainty of these risks may reduce the allowable acreage, based upon the quantity and type of non- target organism data submitted and the lack of insect resistance manage- ment data, which is usually not required for seed-increase registrations. Registrants are encouraged to consult with EPA prior to submission of a registration application in this category. (9) Application can be submitted prior to or concurrently with an application for commercial registration. (10) For example, IRM plan modifications that are applicant-initiated. (11) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged fees. (12) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the A gency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agen cy. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s ); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resub- mission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 ca lendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agen- cy-accepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of di fferences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to th e Agency.¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 18. — INERT INGREDIENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
I001 186 Approval of new food use inert ingredient. (2)(3) 13 27,000 
I002 187 Amend currently approved inert ingredient tolerance or exemption from tolerance; new data. (2) 11 7,500 
I003 188 Amend currently approved inert ingredient tolerance or exemption from tolerance; no new data. (2) 9 3,308 
I004 189 Approval of new non-food use inert ingredient. (2) 6 11,025 
I005 190 Amend currently approved non-food use inert ingredient with new use pattern; new data. (2) 6 5,513 
I006 191 Amend currently approved non-food use inert ingredient with new use pattern; no new data. (2) 3 3,308 
I007 192 Approval of substantially similar non-food use inert ingredients when original inert is compositionally similar with similar use pattern. (2) 4 1,654 
I008 193 Approval of new or amended polymer inert ingredient, food use. (2) 5 3,749 
I009 194 Approval of new or amended polymer inert ingredient, non-food use. (2) 4 3,087 
I010 195 Petition to amend a single tolerance exemption descriptor, or single non-food use descriptor, to add ≤ 10 CASRNs; no new data. (2) 6 1,654 
I011 196 (new) Approval of new food use safener with tolerance or exemption from tolerance. (2)(8) 24 597,683 
I012 197 (new) Approval of new non-food use safener. (2)(8) 21 415,241 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4788 June 28, 2018 
ø‘‘TABLE 18. — INERT INGREDIENTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
I013 198 (new) Approval of additional food use for previously approved safener with tolerance or exemption from tolerance. (2) 15 62,975 
I014 199 (new) Approval of additional non-food use for previously approved safener. (2) 15 25,168 
I015 200 (new) Approval of new generic data for previously approved food use safener. (2) 24 269,728 
I016 201 (new) Approval of amendment(s) to tolerance and label for previously approved safener. (2) 13 55,776 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) If another covered application is submitted that depends upon an application to approve an inert ingredient, each applicati on will be subject to its respective registration service fee. The decision review time line for both submissions will be the longest of the associated applications. If the application covers multiple in gredients grouped by EPA into one chemical class, a single registration service fee will be assessed for approval of those ingredients. (3) If EPA data rules are amended to newly require clearance under section 408 of the FFDCA for an ingredient of an antimicrobi al product where such ingredient was not previously subject to such a clearance, then review of the data for such clearance of such product is not subject to a registration service fee for the tole rance action for two years from the effective date of the rule. (4) Any other covered application that is associated with and dependent on the HSRB review will be subject to its separate regi stration service fee. The decision review times for the associated actions run concurrently, but will end at the date of the latest review time. (5) Any other covered application that is associated with and dependent on the SAP review will be subject to its separate regis tration service fee. The decision review time for the associated action will be extended by the decision review time for the SAP review. (6) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an ap- plication for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredient. (7) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency.  (8) If a new safener is submitted in the same package as a new active ingredient, and that new active ingredient is determined to be reduced risk, then the safener would get the same reduced time- frame as the new active ingredient.¿ 
ø‘‘TABLE 19. — EXTERNAL REVIEW AND MISCELLANEOUS ACTIONS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) FY’17 & FY’18 Registration Service Fee ($) 
M001 202 Study protocol requiring Human Studies Review Board review as defined in 40 CFR Part 26 in support of an active ingredient. (4) 9 7,938 
M002 203 Completed study requiring Human Studies Review Board review as defined in 40 CFR Part 26 in support of an active ingredient. (4) 9 7,938 
M003 204 External technical peer review of new active ingredient, product, or amendment (e.g., con-sultation with FIFRA Scientific Advisory Panel) for an action with a decision timeframe of less than 12 months. Applicant initiated request based on a requirement of the Ad-ministrator, as defined by FIFRA § 25(d), in support of a novel active ingredient, or unique use pattern or application technology. Excludes PIP active ingredients. (5) 12 63,945 
M004 205 External technical peer review of new active ingredient, product, or amendment (e.g., con-sultation with FIFRA Scientific Advisory Panel) for an action with a decision timeframe of greater than 12 months. Applicant initiated request based on a requirement of the Administrator, as defined by FIFRA § 25(d), in support of a novel active ingredient, or unique use pattern or application technology. Excludes PIP active ingredients. (5) 18 63,945 
M005 206 New Product: Combination, Contains a combination of active ingredients from a registered and/or unregistered source; conventional, antimicrobial and/or biopesticide. Requires coordination with other regulatory divisions to conduct review of data, label and/or verify the validity of existing data as cited. Only existing uses for each active ingre-dient in the combination product. (6)(7) 9 22,050 
M006 207 Request for up to 5 letters of certification (Gold Seal) for one actively registered product (excludes distributor products). (8) 1 277 
M007 208 Request to extend Exclusive Use of data as provided by FIFRA Section 3(c)(1)(F)(ii). 12 5,513 
M008 209 Request to grant Exclusive Use of data as provided by FIFRA Section 3(c)(1)(F)(vi) for a minor use, when a FIFRA Section 2(ll)(2) determination is required. 15 1,654 
M009 210 (new) Non-FIFRA Regulated Determination: Applicant initiated, per product. 4 2,363 
M010 211 (new) Conditional ruling on pre-application, product substantial similarity. 4 2,363 
M011 212 (new) Label amendment to add the DfE logo; requires data review; no other label changes. (9) 4 3,648 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) If another covered application is submitted that depends upon an application to approve an inert ingredient, each applicati on will be subject to its respective registration service fee. The decision review time line for both submissions will be the longest of the associated applications. If the application covers multiple in gredients grouped by EPA into one chemical class, a single registration service fee will be assessed for approval of those ingredients. (3) If EPA data rules are amended to newly require clearance under section 408 of the FFDCA for an ingredient of an antimicrobi al product where such ingredient was not previously subject to such a clearance, then review of the data for such clearance of such product is not subject to a registration service fee for the tole rance action for two years from the effective date of the rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4789 June 28, 2018 
(4) Any other covered application that is associated with and dependent on the HSRB review will be subject to its separate regi stration service fee. The decision review times for the associated actions run concurrently, but will end at the date of the latest review time. (5) Any other covered application that is associated with and dependent on the SAP review will be subject to its separate regis tration service fee. The decision review time for the associated action will be extended by the decision review time for the SAP review. (6) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an ap- plication for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredient. (7) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the acc epted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c ) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall have up to 30 calendar da ys to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-ac- cepted label. If the applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differe nces in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreement to the Agency.  (8) Due to low fee and short time frame this category is not eligible for small business waivers. Gold seal applies to one regi stered product. (9) This category includes amendments the sole purpose of which is to add DfE (or equivalent terms that do not use ‘‘safe’’ or derivatives of ‘‘safe’’) logos to a label. DfE is a voluntary program. A label bearing a DfE logo is not considered an Agency endorsement because the ingredients in the qualifying product must meet ob jective, scientific criteria established and widely publicized by EPA.’’. ¿ ‘‘(3) S
CHEDULE OF COVERED APPLICATIONS AND  
OTHER ACTIONS AND THEIR REGISTRATION SERV -ICE FEES .—Subject to paragraph (6), the sched-ule of registration applications and other cov- ered actions and their corresponding registra-tion service fees shall be as follows: 
‘‘TABLE 1. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW ACTIVE INGREDIENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
R010 1 New Active Ingredient, Food use. (2)(3) 24 753,082 
R020 2 New Active Ingredient, Food use; reduced risk. (2)(3) 18 627,568 
R040 3 New Active Ingredient, Food use; Experimental Use Permit ap-plication; establish temporary tolerance; submitted before ap-plication for registration; credit 45% of fee toward new active ingredient application that follows. (3) 18 462,502 
R060 4 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; outdoor. (2)(3) 21 523,205 
R070 5 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; outdoor; reduced risk. (2)(3) 16 436,004 
R090 6 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; outdoor; Experimental Use Permit application; submitted before application for reg-istration; credit 45% of fee toward new active ingredient ap-plication that follows. (3) 16 323,690 
R110 7 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; indoor. (2)(3) 20 290,994 
R120 8 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; indoor; reduced risk. (2)(3) 14 242,495 
R121 9 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; indoor; Experimental Use Permit application; submitted before application for registra-tion; credit 45% of fee toward new active ingredient applica-tion that follows. (3) 18 182,327 
R122 10 Enriched isomer(s) of registered mixed-isomer active ingredient. (2)(3) 18 317,128 
R123 11 New Active Ingredient, Seed treatment only; includes agricul-tural and non-agricultural seeds; residues not expected in raw agricultural commodities. (2)(3) 18 471,861 
R125 12 New Active Ingredient, Seed treatment; Experimental Use Permit application; submitted before application for registration; credit 45% of fee toward new active ingredient application that follows. (3) 16 323,690 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the ne w active ingredient or first food use application. The application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a max imum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval that is submitted in the new activ e ingredient applica- tion package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All such associ- ated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review ti me. In the case of a new ac- tive ingredient application, until that new active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product c ontaining the same ac- tive ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient application, subject to the reg istration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is app roved, any subsequent appli- cation for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a fi rst food use. Any informa- tion that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initia tive to support the appli- cation after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must b e assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4790 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 2. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW USES 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
R130 13 First food use; indoor; food/food handling. (2) (3) 21 191,444 
R140 14 Additional food use; Indoor; food/food handling. (3) (4) 15 44,672 
R150 15 First food use. (2)(3) 21 317,104 
R155 16 (new) First food use, Experimental Use Permit application; a.i. reg-istered for non-food outdoor use. (3)(4) 21 264,253 
R160 17 First food use; reduced risk. (2)(3) 16 264,253 
R170 18 Additional food use. (3) (4) 15 79,349 
R175 19 Additional food uses covered within a crop group resulting from the conversion of existing approved crop group(s) to one or more revised crop groups. (3)(4) 10 66,124 
R180 20 Additional food use; reduced risk. (3)(4) 10 66,124 
R190 21 Additional food uses; 6 or more submitted in one application. (3)(4) 15 476,090 
R200 22 Additional Food Use; 6 or more submitted in one application; Re-duced Risk. (3)(4) 10 396,742 
R210 23 Additional food use; Experimental Use Permit application; estab-lish temporary tolerance; no credit toward new use registra-tion. (3)(4) 12 48,986 
R220 24 Additional food use; Experimental Use Permit application; crop destruct basis; no credit toward new use registration. (3)(4) 6 19,838 
R230 25 Additional use; non-food; outdoor. (3) (4) 15 31,713 
R240 26 Additional use; non-food; outdoor; reduced risk. (3)(4) 10 26,427 
R250 27 Additional use; non-food; outdoor; Experimental Use Permit ap-plication; no credit toward new use registration. (3)(4) 6 19,838 
R251 28 Experimental Use Permit application which requires no changes to the tolerance(s); non-crop destruct basis. (3) 8 19,838 
R260 29 New use; non-food; indoor. (3) (4) 12 15,317 
R270 30 New use; non-food; indoor; reduced risk. (3)(4) 9 12,764 
R271 31 New use; non-food; indoor; Experimental Use Permit application; no credit toward new use registration. (3)(4) 6 9,725 
R273 32 Additional use; seed treatment; limited uptake into Raw Agricul-tural Commodities; includes crops with established tolerances (e.g., for soil or foliar application); includes food and/or non- food uses. (3)(4) 12 50,445 
R274 33 Additional uses; seed treatment only; 6 or more submitted in one application; limited uptake into raw agricultural commodities; includes crops with established tolerances (e.g., for soil or foliar application); includes food and/or non-food uses. (3)(4) 12 302,663 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the ne w active ingredient or first food use application. The application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a max imum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval that is submitted in the new activ e ingredient applica- tion package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All such associ- ated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review ti me. In the case of a new ac- tive ingredient application, until that new active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product c ontaining the same ac- tive ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient application, subject to the reg istration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is app roved, any subsequent appli- cation for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a fi rst food use. Any informa- tion that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initia tive to support the appli- cation after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must b e assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4791 June 28, 2018 
(4) Amendment applications to add the new use(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the new use(s). A ll items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new iner t approval(s) that is submitted in the new use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approv al. However, if a new use application only proposes to register the new use for a new product and there are no amendments in the application, then re view of one new prod- uct application is covered by the new use fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new use decision re- view time. Any application for a new product or an amendment to the proposed labeling (a) submitted subsequent to submission of  the new use appli- cation and (b) prior to conclusion of its decision review time and (c) containing the same new uses, will be deemed a separate new-use application, subject to a separate registration service fee and new decision review time for a new use. If the new-use application includes non-food (indoor and/or outdoor), and food (outdoor and/or indoor) uses, the appropriate fee is due for each type of new use and the longest decision r eview time applies to all of the new uses requested in the application. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b ) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screen, and (c)  is not itself a covered reg- istration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new use application. 
‘‘TABLE 3. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — IMPORT AND OTHER TOLERANCES 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
R280 34 Establish import tolerance; new active ingredient or first food use. (2) 21 319,072 
R290 35 Establish Import tolerance; Additional new food use. 15 63,816 
R291 36 Establish import tolerances; additional food uses; 6 or more crops submitted in one petition. 15 382,886 
R292 37 Amend an established tolerance (e.g., decrease or increase) and/ or harmonize established tolerances with Codex MRLs; domes-tic or import; applicant-initiated. 11 45,341 
R293 38 Establish tolerance(s) for inadvertent residues in one crop; appli-cant-initiated. 12 53,483 
R294 39 Establish tolerances for inadvertent residues; 6 or more crops submitted in one application; applicant-initiated. 12 320,894 
R295 40 Establish tolerance(s) for residues in one rotational crop in re-sponse to a specific rotational crop application; submission of corresponding label amendments which specify the necessary plant-back restrictions; applicant-initiated. (3) (4) 15 66,124 
R296 41 Establish tolerances for residues in rotational crops in response to a specific rotational crop petition; 6 or more crops submitted in one application; submission of corresponding label amend-ments which specify the necessary plant-back restrictions; ap-plicant-initiated. (3) (4) 15 396,742 
R297 42 Amend 6 or more established tolerances (e.g., decrease or in-crease) in one petition; domestic or import; applicant-initiated. 11 272,037 
R298 43 Amend an established tolerance (e.g., decrease or increase); do-mestic or import; submission of corresponding amended labels (requiring science review). (3) (4) 13 58,565 
R299 44 Amend 6 or more established tolerances (e.g., decrease or in-crease); domestic or import; submission of corresponding amended labels (requiring science review). (3) (4) 13 285,261 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the ne w active ingredient or first food use application. The application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a max imum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval that is submitted in the new activ e ingredient applica- tion package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All such associ- ated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review ti me. In the case of a new ac- tive ingredient application, until that new active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product c ontaining the same ac- tive ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient application, subject to the reg istration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is app roved, any subsequent appli- cation for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a fi rst food use. Any informa- tion that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initia tive to support the appli- cation after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must b e assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. (4) Amendment applications to add the revised use pattern(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the c ategory. All items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval(s) that is submitted in the amendment application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new in ert approval. However, if an amendment application only proposes to register the amendment for a new product and there are no amendments in the applicati on, then review of one new product application is covered by the base fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be su bject to the category de- cision review time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4792 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 4. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registration Service Fee ($) 
R300 45 New product; or similar combination product (already registered) to an identical or substan-tially similar in composition and use to a reg-istered product; registered source of active in-gredient; no data review on acute toxicity, ef-ficacy or CRP – only product chemistry data; cite-all data citation, or selective data citation where applicant owns all required data, or ap-plicant submits specific authorization letter from data owner. Category also includes 100% re-package of registered end-use or manufac-turing-use product that requires no data sub-mission nor data matrix. (2)(3) 4 1,582 
R301 46 New product; or similar combination product (already registered) to an identical or substan-tially similar in composition and use to a reg-istered product; registered source of active in-gredient; selective data citation only for data on product chemistry and/or acute toxicity and/or public health pest efficacy (identical data citation and claims to cited product(s)), where applicant does not own all required data and does not have a specific authoriza-tion letter from data owner. (2)(3) 4 1,897 
R310 47 New end-use or manufacturing-use product with registered source(s) of active ingredient(s); in-cludes products containing two or more reg-istered active ingredients previously combined in other registered products; excludes products requiring or citing an animal safety study; re-quires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for up to 3 tar-get pests. (2)(3) 7 7,301 
R314 48 New end use product containing up to three reg-istered active ingredients never before reg-istered as this combination in a formulated product; new product label is identical or sub-stantially similar to the labels of currently registered products which separately contain the respective component active ingredients; excludes products requiring or citing an ani-mal safety study; requires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for up to 3 tar-get pests. (2)(3) 8 8,626 
R319 49 New end use product containing up to three reg-istered active ingredients never before reg-istered as this combination in a formulated product; new product label is identical or sub-stantially similar to the labels of currently registered products which separately contain the respective component active ingredients; excludes products requiring or citing an ani-mal safety study; requires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for 4 to 7 target pests. (2)(3) 10 12,626 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4793 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 4. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registration Service Fee ($) 
R318 50 (new) New end use product containing four or more registered active ingredients never before reg-istered as this combination in a formulated product; new product label is identical or sub-stantially similar to the labels of currently registered products which separately contain the respective component active ingredients; excludes products requiring or citing an ani-mal safety study; requires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for up to 3 tar-get pests. (2)(3) 9 13,252 
R321 51 (new) New end use product containing four or more registered active ingredients never before reg-istered as this combination in a formulated product; new product label is identical or sub-stantially similar to the labels of currently registered products which separately contain the respective component active ingredients; excludes products requiring or citing an ani-mal safety study; requires review of data package within RD only; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for 4 to 7 target pests. (2)(3) 11 17,252 
R315 52 New end-use, on-animal product, registered source of active ingredient(s), with the submis-sion of data and/or waivers for only: ∑ animal safety and ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) and/or ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging. (2) (3) 9 9,820 
R316 53 (new) New end-use or manufacturing product with registered source(s) of active ingredient(s) in-cluding products containing two or more reg-istered active ingredients previously combined in other registered products; excludes products requiring or citing an animal safety study; and requires review of data and/or waivers for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for greater than 3 and up to 7 target pests. (2)(3) 9 11,301 
R317 54 (new) New end-use or manufacturing product with registered source(s) of active ingredient(s) in-cluding products containing 2 or more reg-istered active ingredients previously combined in other registered products; excludes products requiring or citing an animal safety study; and requires review of data and/or waivers for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging and/or ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) - for greater than 7 target pests. (2)(3) 10 15,301 
R320 55 New product; new physical form; requires data review in science divisions. (2)(3) 12 13,226 
R331 56 New product; repack of identical registered end- use product as a manufacturing-use product, or identical registered manufacturing-use product as an end use product; same reg-istered uses only. (2)(3) 3 2,530 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4794 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 4. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registration Service Fee ($) 
R332 57 New manufacturing-use product; registered ac-tive ingredient; unregistered source of active ingredient; submission of completely new ge-neric data package; registered uses only; re-quires review in RD and science divisions. (2)(3) 24 283,215 
R333 58 New product; MUP or End use product with un-registered source of active ingredient; requires science data review; new physical form; etc. Cite-all or selective data citation where appli-cant owns all required data. (2)(3) 10 19,838 
R334 59 New product; MUP or End use product with un-registered source of the active ingredient; re-quires science data review; new physical form; etc. Selective data citation. (2)(3) 11 23,100 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an application for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredien t. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. (4) For the purposes of classifying proposed registration actions into PRIA categories, ‘‘pest(s) requiring efficacy’’ are: pub lic health pests listed in PR Notice 2002-1, livestock pests (e.g. Horn flies, Stable flies), wood-destroying pests (e.g. termites, carpenter ants, wood-b oring beetles) and certain invasive species (e.g. Asian Longhorned beetle, Emerald Ashborer). This list may be updated/refined as invasive pest needs aris e. To determine the number of pests for the PRIA categories, pests have been placed into groups (general; e.g., cockroaches) and pest specific (spe cifically a test species). If seeking a label claim against a pest group (general), use the group listing below and each group will count as 1. The general p ests groups are: mites, dust mites, chiggers, ticks, hard ticks, soft ticks, cattle ticks, scorpions, spiders, centipedes, lice, fleas, cockroaches, ke ds, bot flies, screwworms, filth flies, blow flies, house flies, flesh flies, mosquitoes, biting flies, horse flies, stable flies, deer flies, sand flies, bitin g midges, black flies, true bugs, bed bugs, stinging bees, wasps, yellow jackets, hornets, ants (excluding carpenter ants), fire and harvester ants, wood destroying beetles, carpenter ants, termites, subterranean termites, dry wood termites, arboreal termites, damp wood termites and invasive species. If seeking a cl aim against a specific pest without a general claim then each specific pest will count as 1. 
‘‘TABLE 5. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — AMENDMENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
R340 60 Amendment requiring data review within RD (e.g., changes to pre-cautionary label statements); includes adding/modifying pest(s) claims for up to 2 target pests, excludes products requiring or citing an animal safe-ty study. (2)(3)(4) 4 4,988 
R341 61 (New) Amendment requiring data review within RD (e.g., changes to pre-cautionary label statements), includes adding/modifying pest(s) claims for greater than 2 target pests, excludes products requiring or citing an ani-mal safety study. (2)(3)(4) 6 5,988 
R345 62 Amending on-animal products previously registered, with the submission of data and/or waivers for only: ∑ animal safety and ∑ pest(s) requiring efficacy (4) and/or ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ child resistant packaging. (2)(3) 7 8,820 
R350 63 Amendment requiring data review in science divisions (e.g., changes to REI, or PPE, or PHI, or use rate, or number of applications; or add aer-ial application; or modify GW/SW advisory statement). (2)(3) 9 13,226 
R351 64 Amendment adding a new unregistered source of active ingredient. (2)(3) 8 13,226 
R352 65 Amendment adding already approved uses; selective method of support; does not apply if the applicant owns all cited data. (2) (3) 8 13,226 
R371 66 Amendment to Experimental Use Permit; (does not include extending a per-mit’s time period). (3) 6 10,090 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) (a) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged registration service fees. (b) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments  are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(c)(3)(B) and are not subject to registration service fees. (c) Registrant-ini tiated fast-track amend- ments handled by the Antimicrobials Division are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(h) and are n ot subject to registra- tion service fees. (d) Registrant initiated amendments submitted by notification under PR Notices, such as PR Notice 98-10, con tinue under PR Notice timelines and are not subject to registration service fees. (e) Submissions with data and requiring data review are subject to registration service fees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4795 June 28, 2018 
(3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. (4) For the purposes of classifying proposed registration actions into PRIA categories, ‘‘pest(s) requiring efficacy’’ are: pub lic health pests listed in PR Notice 2002-1, livestock pests (e.g. Horn flies, Stable flies), wood-destroying pests (e.g. termites, carpenter ants, wood-b oring beetles) and certain invasive species (e.g. Asian Longhorned beetle, Emerald Ashborer). This list may be updated/refined as invasive pest needs aris e. To determine the number of pests for the PRIA categories, pests have been placed into groups (general; e.g., cockroaches) and pest specific (spe cifically a test species). If seeking a label claim against a pest group (general), use the group listing below and each group will count as 1. The general p ests groups are: mites, dust mites, chiggers, ticks, hard ticks, soft ticks, cattle ticks, scorpions, spiders, centipedes, lice, fleas, cockroaches, ke ds, bot flies, screwworms, filth flies, blow flies, house flies, flesh flies, mosquitoes, biting flies, horse flies, stable flies, deer flies, sand flies, bitin g midges, black flies, true bugs, bed bugs, stinging bees, wasps, yellow jackets, hornets, ants (excluding carpenter ants), fire and harvester ants, wood destroying beetles, carpenter ants, termites, subterranean termites, dry wood termites, arboreal termites, damp wood termites and invasive species. If seeking a cl aim against a specific pest without a general claim then each specific pest will count as 1. 
‘‘TABLE 6. — REGISTRATION DIVISION — OTHER ACTIONS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
R124 67 Conditional Ruling on Pre-application Study Waivers; applicant- initiated. 6 2,530 
R272 68 Review of Study Protocol applicant-initiated; excludes DART, pre-registration conference, Rapid Response review, DNT pro-tocol review, protocol needing HSRB review. 3 2,530 
R275 69 Rebuttal of agency reviewed protocol, applicant initiated. 3 2,530 
R370 70 Cancer reassessment; applicant-initiated. 18 198,250 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. 
‘‘TABLE 7. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW ACTIVE INGREDIENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
A380 71 New Active Ingredient; Indirect Food use; establish tolerance or toler-ance exemption if required. (2)(3) 24 137,841 
A390 72 New Active Ingredient; Direct Food use; establish tolerance or tolerance exemption if required. (2)(3) 24 229,733 
A410 73 New Active Ingredient Non-food use.(2)(3) 21 229,733 
A431 74 New Active Ingredient, Non-food use; low-risk. (2)(3) 12 80,225 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the ne w active ingredient or first food use application. The application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a max imum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval that is submitted in the new activ e ingredient applica- tion package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All such associ- ated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review ti me. In the case of a new ac- tive ingredient application, until that new active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product c ontaining the same ac- tive ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient application, subject to the reg istration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is app roved, any subsequent appli- cation for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a fi rst food use. Any informa- tion that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initia tive to support the appli- cation after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must b e assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. 
‘‘TABLE 8. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW USES 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
A440 75 New Use, Indirect Food Use, establish toler- ance or tolerance exemption. (2)(3)(4) 21 31,910 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4796 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 8. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW USES—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
A441 76 Additional Indirect food uses; establish toler- ances or tolerance exemptions if required; 6 or more submitted in one application. (3)(4)(5) 21 114,870 
A450 77 New use, Direct food use, establish tolerance or tolerance exemption. (2)(3)(4) 21 95,724 
A451 78 Additional Direct food uses; establish toler- ances or tolerance exemptions if required; 6 or more submitted in one application. (3)(4)(5) 21 182,335 
A500 79 New use, non-food. (4)(5) 12 31,910 
A501 80 New use, non-food; 6 or more submitted in one application. (4)(5) 15 76,583 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the ne w active ingredient or first food use application. The application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a max imum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval that is submitted in the new activ e ingredient applica- tion package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All such associ- ated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review ti me. In the case of a new ac- tive ingredient application, until that new active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product c ontaining the same ac- tive ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient application, subject to the reg istration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is app roved, any subsequent appli- cation for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a fi rst food use. Any informa- tion that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initia tive to support the appli- cation after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must b e assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) If EPA data rules are amended to newly require clearance under section 408 of the FFDCA for an ingredient of an antimicrobi al product where such ingredient was not previously subject to such a clearance, then review of the data for such clearance of such product is n ot subject to a registra- tion service fee for the tolerance action for two years from the effective date of the rule. (4) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. (5) Amendment applications to add the new use(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the new use(s). A ll items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new iner t approval(s) that is submitted in the new use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approv al. However, if a new use application only proposes to register the new use for a new product and there are no amendments in the application, then re view of one new prod- uct application is covered by the new use fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new use decision re- view time. Any application for a new product or an amendment to the proposed labeling (a) submitted subsequent to submission of  the new use appli- cation and (b) prior to conclusion of its decision review time and (c) containing the same new uses, will be deemed a separate new-use application, subject to a separate registration service fee and new decision review time for a new use. If the new-use application includes non-food (indoor and/or outdoor), and food (outdoor and/or indoor) uses, the appropriate fee is due for each type of new use and the longest decision r eview time applies to all of the new uses requested in the application. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b ) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screen, and (c)  is not itself a covered reg- istration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new use application. 
‘‘TABLE 9. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS AND AMENDMENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
A530 81 New product, identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; no data review or only prod-uct chemistry data; cite all data citation or selective data cita-tion where applicant owns all required data; or applicant sub-mits specific authorization letter from data owner. Category also includes 100% re-package of registered end-use or manu-facturing use product that requires no data submission nor data matrix. (2)(3) 4 1,278 
A531 82 New product; identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; registered source of active in-gredient: selective data citation only for data on product chemistry and/or acute toxicity and/or public health pest effi-cacy, where applicant does not own all required data and does not have a specific authorization letter from data owner. (2)(3) 4 1,824 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4797 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 9. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS AND AMENDMENTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
A532 83 New product; identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; registered active ingredient; unregistered source of active ingredient; cite-all data citation except for product chemistry; product chemistry data sub-mitted. (2)(3) 5 5,107 
A540 84 New end use product; FIFRA §2(mm) uses only; up to 25 public health organisms. (2)(3)(5)(6) 5 5,107 
A541 85 (new) New end use product; FIFRA §2(mm) uses only; 26-50 public health organisms. (2)(3)(5)(6) 7 8,500 
A542 86 (new) New end use product; FIFRA §2(mm) uses only; ≥ 51 public health organisms. (2)(3)(5) 10 15,000 
A550 87 New end-use product; uses other than FIFRA §2(mm); non- FQPA product. (2)(3)(5) 9 13,226 
A560 88 New manufacturing use product; registered active ingredient; selective data citation. (2)(3) 6 12,596 
A565 89 (new) New manufacturing-use product; registered active ingredient; unregistered source of active ingredient; submission of new ge-neric data package; registered uses only; requires science re-view. (2)(3) 12 18,234 
A570 90 Label amendment requiring data review; up to 25 public health organisms. (3)(4)(5)(6) 4 3,831 
A573 91 (new) Label amendment requiring data review; 26-50 public health or-ganisms. (2)(3)(5)(7) 6 6,350 
A574 92 (new) Label amendment requiring data review; ≥ 51 public health or- ganisms. (2)(3)(5)(7) 9 11,000 
A572 93 New Product or amendment requiring data review for risk as-sessment by Science Branch (e.g., changes to REI, or PPE, or use rate). (2)(3)(4) 9 13,226 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an application for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredien t. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. (4)(a) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged registration service fees. (b) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(c)(3)(B) and are not subject to registration service fees. (c) Registrant-ini tiated fast-track amend- ments handled by the Antimicrobials Division are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(h) and are n ot subject to registra- tion service fees. (d) Registrant initiated amendments submitted by notification under PR Notices, such as PR Notice 98–10, con tinue under PR Notice timelines and are not subject to registration service fees. (e) Submissions with data and requiring data review are subject to registration service fees. (5) The applicant must identify the substantially similar product if opting to use cite-all or the selective method to support acute toxicity data re- quirements. (6) Once a submission for a new product with public health organisms has been submitted and classified in either A540 or A541, additional organisms submitted for the same product before expiration of the first submission’s original decision review time period will result in reclassification of both the original and subsequent submission into the appropriate new category based on the sum of the number of organisms in both submis sions. A reclassi- fication would result in a new PRIA start date and require additional fees to meet the fee of the new category. (7) Once a submission for a label amendment with public health organisms has been submitted and classified in either A570 or A5 73, additional orga- nisms submitted for the same product before expiration of the first submission’s original decision review time period will resu lt in reclassification of both the original and subsequent submission into the appropriate new category based on the sum of the number of organisms in bo th submissions. A reclassification would result in a new PRIA start date and require additional fees to meet the fee of the new category. 
‘‘TABLE 10. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — EXPERIMENTAL USE PERMITS AND OTHER ACTIONS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
A520 94 Experimental Use Permit application, non-food use. (2) 9 6,383 
A521 95 Review of public health efficacy study protocol within AD, per AD Internal Guidance for the Efficacy Protocol Review Proc-ess; Code will also include review of public health efficacy study protocol and data review for devices making pesticidal claims; applicant-initiated; Tier 1. 4 4,726 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4798 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 10. — ANTIMICROBIALS DIVISION — EXPERIMENTAL USE PERMITS AND OTHER ACTIONS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
A522 96 Review of public health efficacy study protocol outside AD by members of AD Efficacy Protocol Review Expert Panel; Code will also include review of public health efficacy study pro-tocol and data review for devices making pesticidal claims; ap-plicant-initiated; Tier 2. 12 12,156 
A537 97 (new) New Active Ingredient/New Use, Experimental Use Permit appli-cation; Direct food use; Establish tolerance or tolerance ex-emption if required. Credit 45% of fee toward new active in-gredient/new use application that follows. 18 153,156 
A538 98 (new) New Active Ingredient/New Use, Experimental Use Permit appli-cation; Indirect food use; Establish tolerance or tolerance ex-emption if required Credit 45% of fee toward new active ingre-dient/new use application that follows. 18 95,724 
A539 99 (new) New Active Ingredient/New Use, Experimental Use Permit appli-cation; Nonfood use. Credit 45% of fee toward new active in-gredient/new use application that follows. 15 92,163 
A529 100 Amendment to Experimental Use Permit; requires data review or risk assessment. (2) 9 11,429 
A523 101 Review of protocol other than a public health efficacy study (i.e., Toxicology or Exposure Protocols). 9 12,156 
A571 102 Science reassessment: Cancer risk, refined ecological risk, and/or endangered species; applicant-initiated. 18 95,724 
A533 103 (new) Exemption from the requirement of an Experimental Use Permit. (2) 4 2,482 
A534 104 (new) Rebuttal of agency reviewed protocol, applicant initiated. 4 4,726 
A535 105 (new) Conditional Ruling on Pre-application Study Waiver or Data Bridging Argument; applicant-initiated. 6 2,409 
A536 106 (new) Conditional Ruling on Pre-application Direct Food, Indirect Food, Nonfood use determination; applicant-initiated. 4 2,482 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. 
‘‘TABLE 11. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — NEW ACTIVE INGREDIENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B580 107 New active ingredient; food use; petition to establish a toler-ance. (2)(3) 20 51,053 
B590 108 New active ingredient; food use; petition to establish a tolerance exemption. (2)(3) 18 31,910 
B600 109 New active ingredient; non-food use. (2)(3) 13 19,146 
B610 110 New active ingredient; Experimental Use Permit application; pe-tition to establish a temporary tolerance or temporary toler-ance exemption. (3) 10 12,764 
B611 111 New active ingredient; Experimental Use Permit application; pe-tition to establish permanent tolerance exemption. (3) 12 12,764 
B612 112 New active ingredient; no change to a permanent tolerance ex-emption. (2)(3) 10 17,550 
B613 113 New active ingredient; petition to convert a temporary tolerance or a temporary tolerance exemption to a permanent tolerance or tolerance exemption. (2)(3) 11 17,550 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4799 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 11. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — NEW ACTIVE INGREDIENTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B620 114 New active ingredient; Experimental Use Permit application; non-food use including crop destruct. (3) 7 6,383 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the ne w active ingredient or first food use application. The application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a max imum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval that is submitted in the new activ e ingredient applica- tion package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All such associ- ated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review ti me. In the case of a new ac- tive ingredient application, until that new active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product c ontaining the same ac- tive ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient application, subject to the reg istration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is app roved, any subsequent appli- cation for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a fi rst food use. Any informa- tion that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initia tive to support the appli- cation after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must b e assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. 
‘‘TABLE 12. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — NEW USES 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B630 115 First food use; petition to establish a tolerance exemption. (2)(4) 13 12,764 
B631 116 New food use; petition to amend an established tolerance. (3)(4) 12 12,764 
B640 117 First food use; petition to establish a tolerance. (2)(4) 19 19,146 
B643 118 New Food use; petition to amend an established tolerance ex-emption. (3)(4) 10 12,764 
B642 119 First food use; indoor; food/food handling. (2)(4) 12 31,910 
B644 120 New use, no change to an established tolerance or tolerance ex-emption. (3)(4) 8 12,764 
B650 121 New use; non-food. (3)(4) 7 6,383 
B645 122 (new) New food use; Experimental Use Permit application; petition to amend or add a tolerance exemption. (4) 12 12,764 
B646 123 (new) New use; non-food use including crop destruct; Experimental Use Permit application. (4) 7 6,383 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the ne w active ingredient or first food use application. The application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a max imum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval that is submitted in the new activ e ingredient applica- tion package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All such associ- ated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review ti me. In the case of a new ac- tive ingredient application, until that new active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product c ontaining the same ac- tive ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient application, subject to the reg istration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is app roved, any subsequent appli- cation for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a fi rst food use. Any informa- tion that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initia tive to support the appli- cation after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must b e assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) Amendment applications to add the new use(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the new use(s). A ll items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new iner t approval(s) that is submitted in the new use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approv al. However, if a new use application only proposes to register the new use for a new product and there are no amendments in the application, then re view of one new prod- uct application is covered by the new use fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new use decision re- view time. Any application for a new product or an amendment to the proposed labeling (a) submitted subsequent to submission of  the new use appli- cation and (b) prior to conclusion of its decision review time and (c) containing the same new uses, will be deemed a separate new-use application, subject to a separate registration service fee and new decision review time for a new use. If the new-use application includes non-food (indoor and/or outdoor), and food (outdoor and/or indoor) uses, the appropriate fee is due for each type of new use and the longest decision r eview time applies to all of the new uses requested in the application. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b ) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screen, and (c)  is not itself a covered reg- istration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new use application. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4800 June 28, 2018 
(4) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. 
‘‘TABLE 13. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B652 124 New product; registered source of active ingredient; requires petition to amend established tolerance or tolerance exemption; requires 1) submis-sion of product specific data; or 2) citation of previously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data generated at govern-ment expense; or 4) submission or citation of scientifically-sound ration-ale based on publicly available literature or other relevant information that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound ra-tionale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 13 12,764 
B660 125 New product; registered source of active ingredient(s); identical or sub-stantially similar in composition and use to a registered product. No data review, or only product chemistry data; cite-all data citation, or se-lective data citation where applicant owns all required data or author-ization from data owner is demonstrated. Category includes 100% re- package of registered end-use or manufacturing-use product that re-quires no data submission or data matrix. For microbial pesticides, the active ingredient(s) must not be re-isolated. (2)(3) 4 1,278 
B670 126 New product; registered source of active ingredient(s); requires: 1) submis-sion of product specific data; or 2) citation of previously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data generated at govern-ment expense; or 4) submission or citation of a scientifically-sound ra-tionale based on publicly available literature or other relevant informa-tion that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 7 5,107 
B671 127 New product; unregistered source of active ingredient(s); requires a peti-tion to amend an established tolerance or tolerance exemption; requires: 1) submission of product specific data; or 2) citation of previously re-viewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data generated at government expense; or 4) submission or citation of a scientifically- sound rationale based on publicly available literature or other relevant information that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientif-ically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 17 12,764 
B672 128 New product; unregistered source of active ingredient(s); non-food use or food use requires: 1) submission of product specific data; or 2) citation of previously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data generated at government expense; or 4) submission or citation of a scientifically-sound rationale based on publicly available literature or other relevant information that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 13 9,118 
B673 129 New product MUP/EP; unregistered source of active ingredient(s); citation of Technical Grade Active Ingredient (TGAI) data previously reviewed and accepted by the Agency. Requires an Agency determination that the cited data supports the new product. (2)(3) 10 5,107 
B674 130 New product MUP; Repack of identical registered end-use product as a manufacturing-use product; same registered uses only. (2)(3) 4 1,278 
B675 131 New Product MUP; registered source of active ingredient; submission of completely new generic data package; registered uses only. (2)(3) 10 9,118 
B676 132 New product; more than one active ingredient where one active ingredient is an unregistered source; product chemistry data must be submitted; re-quires: 1) submission of product specific data, and 2) citation of pre-viously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or citation of data generated at government expense; or 4) submission or citation of a sci-entifically-sound rationale based on publicly available literature or other relevant information that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientifically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (2)(3) 13 9,118 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4801 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 13. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — NEW PRODUCTS—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B677 133 New end-use non-food animal product with submission of two or more tar-get animal safety studies; includes data and/or waivers of data for only: ∑ product chemistry and/or ∑ acute toxicity and/or ∑ public health pest efficacy and/or ∑ animal safety studies and/or ∑ child resistant packaging. (2)(3) 10 8,820 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an application for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredien t. (3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. 
‘‘TABLE 14. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — AMENDMENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registration Service Fee ($) 
B621 134 Amendment; Experimental Use Permit; no change to an established temporary tolerance or tolerance exemption. (3) 7 5,107 
B622 135 Amendment; Experimental Use Permit; petition to amend an established or temporary tolerance or tolerance ex-emption. (3) 11 12,764 
B641 136 Amendment of an established tolerance or tolerance ex-emption. 13 12,764 
B680 137 Amendment; registered sources of active ingredient(s); no new use(s); no changes to an established tolerance or tolerance exemption. Requires data submission. (2)(3) 5 5,107 
B681 138 Amendment; unregistered source of active ingredient(s). Requires data submission. (2)(3) 7 6,079 
B683 139 Label amendment; requires review/update of previous risk assessment(s) without data submission (e.g., labeling changes to REI, PPE, PHI). (2)(3) 6 5,107 
B684 140 Amending non-food animal product that includes submis-sion of target animal safety data; previously registered. (2)(3) 8 8,820 
B685 141 (new) Amendment; add a new biochemical unregistered source of active ingredient or a new microbial production site. Re-quires submission of analysis of samples data and source/production site-specific manufacturing process description. (3) 5 5,107 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the next business day. (2) (a) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged registration service fees. (b) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments  are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(c)(3)(B) and are not subject to registration service fees . (c) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments handled by the Antimicrobials Division are to be completed within the timelines spec i- fied in FIFRA Section 3(h) and are not subject to registration service fees. (d) Registrant initiated amendments submitted by n otifi- cation under PR Notices, such as PR Notice 98-10, continue under PR Notice timelines and are not subject to registration servic e fees. (e) Submissions with data and requiring data review are subject to registration service fees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4802 June 28, 2018 
(3) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag en- cy shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applica nt- submitted label and relevant supporting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant ei - ther (a) agrees to all of the terms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be i ssued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b) does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as am ended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the difference(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for  sub- sequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the applicant shall hav e up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If the applicant agrees to al l of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepte d final Agency-stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agree- ment to the Agency. ‘‘TABLE 15. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — SCLP 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B690 142 New active ingredient; food or non-food use. (2)(6) 7 2,554 
B700 143 Experimental Use Permit application; new active ingredient or new use. (6) 7 1,278 
B701 144 Extend or amend Experimental Use Permit. (6) 4 1,278 
B710 145 New product; registered source of active ingredient(s); identical or substantially similar in composition and use to a registered product; no change in an established tolerance or tolerance exemption. No data review, or only product chemistry data; cite-all data citation, or selective data citation where appli-cant owns all required data or authorization from data owner is demonstrated. Category includes 100% re-package of reg-istered end-use or manufacturing-use product that requires no data submission or data matrix. (3)(6) 4 1,278 
B720 146 New product; registered source of active ingredient(s); requires: 1) submission of product specific data; or 2) citation of pre-viously reviewed and accepted data; or 3) submission or cita-tion of data generated at government expense; or 4) submis-sion or citation of a scientifically-sound rationale based on publicly available literature or other relevant information that addresses the data requirement; or 5) submission of a request for a data requirement to be waived supported by a scientif-ically-sound rationale explaining why the data requirement does not apply. (3)(6) 5 1,278 
B721 147 New product; unregistered source of active ingredient. (3)(6) 7 2,676 
B722 148 New use and/or amendment; petition to establish a tolerance or tolerance exemption. (4)(5)(6) 7 2,477 
B730 149 Label amendment requiring data submission. (4)(6) 5 1,278 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) All requests for new uses (food and/or nonfood) contained in any application for a new active ingredient or a first food us e are covered by the base fee for that new active ingredient or first food use application and retain the same decision time review period as the ne w active ingredient or first food use application. The application must be received by the agency in one package. The base fee for the category covers a max imum of five new products. Each application for an additional new product registration and new inert approval that is submitted in the new activ e ingredient applica- tion package or first food use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approval. All such associ- ated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new active ingredient or first food use decision review ti me. In the case of a new ac- tive ingredient application, until that new active ingredient is approved, any subsequent application for another new product c ontaining the same ac- tive ingredient or an amendment to the proposed labeling will be deemed a new active ingredient application, subject to the reg istration service fee and decision review time for a new active ingredient. In the case of a first food use application, until that first food use is app roved, any subsequent appli- cation for an additional new food use or uses will be subject to the registration service fee and decision review time for a fi rst food use. Any informa- tion that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initia tive to support the appli- cation after completion of the technical deficiency screening, and (c) is not itself a covered registration application, must b e assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new active ingredient or first food use application. (3) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an application for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredien t. (4) (a) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged registration service fees. (b) Registrant-initiated fast-track amendments  are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(c)(3)(B) and are not subject to registration service fees. (c) Registrant-ini tiated fast-track amend- ments handled by the Antimicrobials Division are to be completed within the timelines specified in FIFRA Section 3(h) and are n ot subject to registra- tion service fees. (d) Registrant initiated amendments submitted by notification under PR Notices, such as PR Notice 98-10, con tinue under PR Notice timelines and are not subject to registration service fees. (e) Submissions with data and requiring data review are subject to registration service fees. (5) Amendment applications to add the new use(s) to registered product labels are covered by the base fee for the new use(s). A ll items in the covered application must be submitted together in one package. Each application for an additional new product registration and new iner t approval(s) that is submitted in the new use application package is subject to the registration service fee for a new product or a new inert approv al. However, if a new use application only proposes to register the new use for a new product and there are no amendments in the application, then re view of one new prod- uct application is covered by the new use fee. All such associated applications that are submitted together will be subject to the new use decision re- view time. Any application for a new product or an amendment to the proposed labeling (a) submitted subsequent to submission of  the new use appli- cation and (b) prior to conclusion of its decision review time and (c) containing the same new uses, will be deemed a separate new-use application, subject to a separate registration service fee and new decision review time for a new use. If the new-use application includes non-food (indoor and/or outdoor), and food (outdoor and/or indoor) uses, the appropriate fee is due for each type of new use and the longest decision r eview time applies to all of the new uses requested in the application. Any information that (a) was neither requested nor required by the Agency, and (b ) is submitted by the applicant at the applicant’s initiative to support the application after completion of the technical deficiency screen, and (c)  is not itself a covered reg- istration application, must be assessed 25% of the full registration service fee for the new use application. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4803 June 28, 2018 
(6) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. 
‘‘TABLE 16. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — OTHER ACTIONS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B614 150 Pre-application; Conditional Ruling on rationales for address-ing a data requirement in lieu of data; applicant-initiated; ap-plies to one rationale at a time. 3 2,530 
B615 151 Rebuttal of agency reviewed protocol, applicant initiated. 3 2,530 
B682 152 Protocol review; applicant initiated; excludes time for HSRB re-view. 3 2,432 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. 
‘‘TABLE 17. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — PIP 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B740 153 Experimental Use Permit application; no petition for tolerance/tolerance exemption. Includes: 1. non-food/feed use(s) for a new (2) or registered (3) PIP (12); 2. food/feed use(s) for a new or registered PIP with crop destruct (12); 3. food/feed use(s) for a new or registered PIP in which an established tol-erance/tolerance exemption exists for the intended use(s). (4)(12) 6 95,724 
B741 154 (new) Experimental Use Permit application; no petition for tolerance/tolerance exemption. Includes: 1. non-food/feed use(s) for a new (2) or registered (3) PIP; 2. food/feed use(s) for a new or registered PIP with crop destruct; 3. food/feed use(s) for a new or registered PIP in which an established tol-erance/tolerance exemption exists for the intended use(s); SAP Review. (12) 12 159,538 
B750 155 Experimental Use Permit application; with a petition to establish a tem-porary or permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingre-dient. Includes new food/feed use for a registered (3) PIP. (4)(12) 9 127,630 
B770 156 Experimental Use Permit application; new (2) PIP; with petition to estab-lish a temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient; credit 75% of B771 fee toward registration application for a new active ingredient that follows; SAP review. (5)(12) 15 191,444 
B771 157 Experimental Use Permit application; new (2) PIP; with petition to estab-lish a temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient; credit 75% of B771 fee toward registration application for a new active ingredient that follows. (12) 10 127,630 
B772 158 Application to amend or extend an Experimental Use Permit; no petition since the established tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingre-dient is unaffected. (12) 3 12,764 
B773 159 Application to amend or extend an Experimental Use Permit; with petition to extend a temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingre-dient. (12) 5 31,910 
B780 160 Registration application; new (2) PIP; non-food/feed. (12) 12 159,537 
B790 161 Registration application; new (2) PIP; non-food/feed; SAP review. (5)(12) 18 223,351 
B800 162 Registration application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient based on an exist-ing temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption. (12) 13 172,300 
B810 163 Registration application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient based on an exist-ing temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption. SAP review. (5)(12) 19 236,114 
B820 164 Registration application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish or amend a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption of an active ingredient. (12) 15 204,208 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4804 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 17. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — PIP—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B840 165 Registration application; new (2) PIP; with petition to establish or amend a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption of an active ingredient. SAP review. (5)(12) 21 268,022 
B851 166 Registration application; new event of a previously registered PIP active ingredient(s); no petition since permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active ingredient(s). (12) 9 127,630 
B870 167 Registration application; registered (3) PIP; new product; new use; no peti-tion since a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already estab-lished for the active ingredient(s). (4) (12) 9 38,290 
B880 168 Registration application; registered (3) PIP; new product or new terms of registration; additional data submitted; no petition since a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active ingre-dient(s). (6) (7) (12) 9 31,910 
B881 169 Registration application; registered (3) PIP; new product or new terms of registration; additional data submitted; no petition since a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active ingre-dient(s). SAP review. (5)(6)(7)(12) 15 95,724 
B882 170 (new) Registration application; new (2) PIP, seed increase with negotiated acre-age cap and time-limited registration; with petition to establish a perma-nent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient based on an existing temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption; SAP Review. (8)(12) 15 191,444 
B883 171 Registration application; new (2) PIP, seed increase with negotiated acre-age cap and time-limited registration; with petition to establish a perma-nent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient based on an existing temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption. (8) (12) 9 127,630 
B884 172 Registration application; new (2) PIP, seed increase with negotiated acre-age cap and time-limited registration; with petition to establish a perma-nent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient. (8)(12) 12 159,537 
B885 173 Registration application; registered (3) PIP, seed increase; breeding stack of previously approved PIPs, same crop; no petition since a permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active ingre-dient(s). (9)(12) 6 31,910 
B886 174 (new) Registration application; new (2) PIP, seed increase with negotiated acre-age cap and time-limited registration; with petition to establish a perma-nent tolerance/tolerance exemption for the active ingredient. SAP Re-view. (8) (12) 18 223,351 
B890 175 Application to amend a seed increase registration; converts registration to commercial registration; no petition since permanent tolerance/tolerance exemption is already established for the active ingredient(s). (12) 9 63,816 
B891 176 Application to amend a seed increase registration; converts registration to a commercial registration; no petition since a permanent tolerance/toler-ance exemption already established for the active ingredient(s); SAP re-view. (5)(12) 15 127,630 
B900 177 Application to amend a registration, including actions such as extending an expiration date, modifying an IRM plan, or adding an insect to be controlled. (10)(11)(12) 6 12,764 
B901 178 Application to amend a registration, including actions such as extending an expiration date, modifying an IRM plan, or adding an insect to be controlled. SAP review. (10) (11) (12) 12 76,578 
B902 179 PIP Protocol review. 3 6,383 
B903 180 Inert ingredient tolerance exemption; e.g., a marker such as NPT II; re-viewed in BPPD. 6 63,816 
B904 181 Import tolerance or tolerance exemption; processed commodities/food only (inert or active ingredient). 9 127,630 
B905 182 (new) SAP Review. 6 63,816 
B906 183 (new) Petition to establish a temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption for one or more active ingredients. 3 31,907 
B907 184 (new) Petition to establish a temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption for one or more active ingredients based on an existing temporary tolerance/toler-ance exemption. 3 12,764 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4805 June 28, 2018 
‘‘TABLE 17. — BIOPESTICIDES DIVISION — PIP—Continued 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
B908 185 (new) Petition to establish a temporary tolerance/tolerance exemption for one or more active ingredients or inert ingredients. 3 44,671 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) New PIP = a PIP with an active ingredient that has not been registered. (3) Registered PIP = a PIP with an active ingredient that is currently registered. (4) Transfer registered PIP through conventional breeding for new food/feed use, such as from field corn to sweet corn. (5) The scientific data involved in this category are complex. EPA often seeks technical advice from the Scientific Advisory Pa nel on risks that pes- ticides pose to wildlife, farm workers, pesticide applicators, non-target species, as well as insect resistance, and novel scie ntific issues surrounding new technologies. The scientists of the SAP neither make nor recommend policy decisions. They provide advice on the science used to  make these decisions. Their advice is invaluable to the EPA as it strives to protect humans and the environment from risks posed by pesticides. Due t o the time it takes to schedule and prepare for meetings with the SAP, additional time and costs are needed. (6) Registered PIPs stacked through conventional breeding. (7) Deployment of a registered PIP with a different IRM plan (e.g., seed blend). (8) The negotiated acreage cap will depend upon EPA’s determination of the potential environmental exposure, risk(s) to non-tar get organisms, and the risk of targeted pest developing resistance to the pesticidal substance. The uncertainty of these risks may reduce the allo wable acreage, based upon the quantity and type of non-target organism data submitted and the lack of insect resistance management data, which is usually  not required for seed-increase registrations. Registrants are encouraged to consult with EPA prior to submission of a registration application i n this category. (9) Application can be submitted prior to or concurrently with an application for commercial registration. (10) For example, IRM plan modifications that are applicant-initiated. (11) EPA-initiated amendments shall not be charged fees. (12) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the A gency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. 
‘‘TABLE 18. — INERT INGREDIENTS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
I001 186 Approval of new food use inert ingredient. (2)(3) 13 27,000 
I002 187 Amend currently approved inert ingredient tolerance or exemption from tolerance; new data. (2) 11 7,500 
I003 188 Amend currently approved inert ingredient tolerance or exemption from tolerance; no new data. (2) 9 3,308 
I004 189 Approval of new non-food use inert ingredient. (2) 6 11,025 
I005 190 Amend currently approved non-food use inert ingredient with new use pattern; new data. (2) 6 5,513 
I006 191 Amend currently approved non-food use inert ingredient with new use pattern; no new data. (2) 3 3,308 
I007 192 Approval of substantially similar non-food use inert ingredients when original inert is compositionally similar with similar use pattern. (2) 4 1,654 
I008 193 Approval of new or amended polymer inert ingredient, food use. (2) 5 3,749 
I009 194 Approval of new or amended polymer inert ingredient, non-food use. (2) 4 3,087 
I010 195 Petition to amend a single tolerance exemption descriptor, or single non-food use descriptor, to add ≤ 10 CASRNs; no new data. (2) 6 1,654 
I011 196 (new) Approval of new food use safener with tolerance or exemption from tolerance. (2)(8) 24 597,683 
I012 197 (new) Approval of new non-food use safener. (2)(8) 21 415,241 
I013 198 (new) Approval of additional food use for previously approved safener with tolerance or exemption from tolerance. (2) 15 62,975 
I014 199 (new) Approval of additional non-food use for previously approved safener. (2) 15 25,168 
I015 200 (new) Approval of new generic data for previously approved food use safener. (2) 24 269,728 
I016 201 (new) Approval of amendment(s) to tolerance and label for previously ap-proved safener. (2) 13 55,776 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4806 June 28, 2018 
(2) If another covered application is submitted that depends upon an application to approve an inert ingredient, each applicati on will be subject to its respective registration service fee. The decision review time line for both submissions will be the longest of the associat ed applications. If the appli- cation covers multiple ingredients grouped by EPA into one chemical class, a single registration service fee will be assessed f or approval of those ingre- dients. (3) If EPA data rules are amended to newly require clearance under section 408 of the FFDCA for an ingredient of an antimicrobi al product where such ingredient was not previously subject to such a clearance, then review of the data for such clearance of such product is n ot subject to a registra- tion service fee for the tolerance action for two years from the effective date of the rule. (4) Any other covered application that is associated with and dependent on the HSRB review will be subject to its separate regi stration service fee. The decision review times for the associated actions run concurrently, but will end at the date of the latest review time. (5) Any other covered application that is associated with and dependent on the SAP review will be subject to its separate regis tration service fee. The decision review time for the associated action will be extended by the decision review time for the SAP review. (6) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an application for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredien t. (7) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. (8) If a new safener is submitted in the same package as a new active ingredient, and that new active ingredient is determined to be reduced risk, then the safener would get the same reduced timeframe as the new active ingredient. 
‘‘TABLE 19. — EXTERNAL REVIEW AND MISCELLANEOUS ACTIONS 
EPA No. New CR No. Action Decision Review Time (Months)
(1) Registra-tion Service Fee ($) 
M001 202 Study protocol requiring Human Studies Review Board review as defined in 40 CFR Part 26 in support of an active ingre-dient. (4) 9 7,938 
M002 203 Completed study requiring Human Studies Review Board review as defined in 40 CFR Part 26 in support of an active ingre-dient. (4) 9 7,938 
M003 204 External technical peer review of new active ingredient, prod-uct, or amendment (e.g., consultation with FIFRA Scientific Advisory Panel) for an action with a decision timeframe of less than 12 months. Applicant initiated request based on a re-quirement of the Administrator, as defined by FIFRA § 25(d), in support of a novel active ingredient, or unique use pattern or application technology. Excludes PIP active ingredients. (5) 12 63,945 
M004 205 External technical peer review of new active ingredient, prod-uct, or amendment (e.g., consultation with FIFRA Scientific Advisory Panel) for an action with a decision timeframe of greater than 12 months. Applicant initiated request based on a requirement of the Administrator, as defined by FIFRA § 25(d), in support of a novel active ingredient, or unique use pattern or application technology. Excludes PIP active ingre-dients. (5) 18 63,945 
M005 206 New Product: Combination, Contains a combination of active ingredients from a registered and/or unregistered source; con-ventional, antimicrobial and/or biopesticide. Requires coordi-nation with other regulatory divisions to conduct review of data, label and/or verify the validity of existing data as cited. Only existing uses for each active ingredient in the combina-tion product. (6)(7) 9 22,050 
M006 207 Request for up to 5 letters of certification (Gold Seal) for one ac-tively registered product (excludes distributor products). (8) 1 277 
M007 208 Request to extend Exclusive Use of data as provided by FIFRA Section 3(c)(1)(F)(ii). 12 5,513 
M008 209 Request to grant Exclusive Use of data as provided by FIFRA Section 3(c)(1)(F)(vi) for a minor use, when a FIFRA Section 2(ll)(2) determination is required. 15 1,654 
M009 210 (new) Non-FIFRA Regulated Determination: Applicant initiated, per product. 4 2,363 
M010 211 (new) Conditional ruling on pre-application, product substantial simi-larity. 4 2,363 
M011 212 (new) Label amendment to add the DfE logo; requires data review; no other label changes. (9) 4 3,648 
(1) A decision review time that would otherwise end on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal holiday, will be extended to end on the n ext business day. (2) If another covered application is submitted that depends upon an application to approve an inert ingredient, each applicati on will be subject to its respective registration service fee. The decision review time line for both submissions will be the longest of the associat ed applications. If the appli- cation covers multiple ingredients grouped by EPA into one chemical class, a single registration service fee will be assessed f or approval of those ingre- dients. (3) If EPA data rules are amended to newly require clearance under section 408 of the FFDCA for an ingredient of an antimicrobi al product where such ingredient was not previously subject to such a clearance, then review of the data for such clearance of such product is n ot subject to a registra- tion service fee for the tolerance action for two years from the effective date of the rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4807 June 28, 2018 
(4) Any other covered application that is associated with and dependent on the HSRB review will be subject to its separate regi stration service fee. The decision review times for the associated actions run concurrently, but will end at the date of the latest review time. (5) Any other covered application that is associated with and dependent on the SAP review will be subject to its separate regis tration service fee. The decision review time for the associated action will be extended by the decision review time for the SAP review. (6) An application for a new end-use product using a source of active ingredient that (a) is not yet registered but (b) has an application pending with the Agency for review, will be considered an application for a new product with an unregistered source of active ingredien t. (7) Where the action involves approval of a new or amended label, on or before the end date of the decision review time, the Ag ency shall provide to the applicant a draft accepted label, including any changes made by the Agency that differ from the applicant-submitted label a nd relevant sup- porting data reviewed by the Agency. The applicant will notify the Agency that the applicant either (a) agrees to all of the te rms associated with the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests that it be issued as the accepted final Agency-stamped label; or (b)  does not agree to one or more of the terms of the draft accepted label as amended by the Agency and requests additional time to resolve the differenc e(s); or (c) withdraws the application without prejudice for subsequent resubmission, but forfeits the associated registration service fee. For cases described in (b), the appli- cant shall have up to 30 calendar days to reach agreement with the Agency on the final terms of the Agency-accepted label. If t he applicant agrees to all of the terms of the accepted label as in (a), including upon resolution of differences in (b), the Agency shall provide an accepted final Agency- stamped label to the registrant within 2 business days following the registrant’s written or electronic confirmation of agreeme nt to the Agency. (8) Due to low fee and short time frame this category is not eligible for small business waivers. Gold seal applies to one regi stered product. (9) This category includes amendments the sole purpose of which is to add DfE (or equivalent terms that do not use ‘‘safe’’ or derivatives of ‘‘safe’’) logos to a label. DfE is a voluntary program. A label bearing a DfE logo is not considered an Agency endorsement because the in gredients in the quali- fying product must meet objective, scientific criteria established and widely publicized by EPA.’’. 
SEC. 7. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act take effect on October 1, 2017. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Udall amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the committee-reported amendments, as amended, be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3392) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 1, line 6, strike ‘‘2017’’ and insert ‘‘2018’’. On page 2, line 12, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 2, line 17, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 2, line 21, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 3, line 5, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 3, lines 9 and 10, strike ‘‘2018 through 2020’’ and insert ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. On page 3, line 23, strike ‘‘2017’’ and insert ‘‘2018’’. On page 3, line 24, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘2025’’. On page 7, line 21, strike ‘‘2017’’ and insert ‘‘2018’’. On page 12, strike lines 23 and 24 and insert the following: (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘pesticide registration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2013, and ending on September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Octo-ber 1, 2019, and ending on September 30, 2021’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘pesticide registration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and On page 13, line 1, strike ‘‘(B)’’ and insert ‘‘(C)’’. On page 21, line 11, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert ‘‘2024’’. On page 21, line 12, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert ‘‘2024’’. On page 21, line 19, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘2025’’. On page 21, line 20, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘2025’’. On page 22, line 2, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘2025’’. On page 22, line 3, strike ‘‘2022’’ and insert ‘‘2025’’. On page 186, strike lines 1 through 3 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 7. EXTENSION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or amendment made by this Act, any reference in this Act or an amendment made by this Act to ‘‘2020’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 8. AGRICULTURAL WORKER PROTECTION STANDARD; CERTIFICATION OF PES-TICIDE APPLICATORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending not earlier than October 1, 2021, the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’)— (1) shall carry out— (A) the final rule of the Administrator en-titled ‘‘Pesticides; Agricultural Worker Pro-tection Standard Revisions’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 67496 (November 2, 2015)); and (B) the final rule of the Administrator en-titled ‘‘Pesticides; Certification of Pesticide Applicators’’ (82 Fed. Reg. 952 (January 4, 2017)); and (2) shall not revise or develop revisions to the rules described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Prior to October 1, 2021, the Administrator may propose, and after a notice and public comment period of not less than 90 days, promulgate revisions to the final rule described in subsection (a)(1)(A) addressing application exclusion zones under part 170 of title 40, Code of Federal Regula-tions, consistent with the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.). (c) GAO R
EPORT .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— (1) conduct a study on the use of the des-ignated representative, including the effect of that use on the availability of pesticide application and hazard information and worker health and safety; and (2) not later than October 1, 2021, make publically available a report describing the study under paragraph (1), including any rec-ommendations to prevent the misuse of pes-ticide application and hazard information, if that misuse is identified. 
The committee-reported amend-ments, as amended, were agreed to. The amendments were ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 1029), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. THE CALENDAR Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following calendar bills en bloc: Calendar Nos. 453 through 465. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bills be considered read a third time and passed, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MAJOR ROBERT ODELL OWENS POST OFFICE The bill (S. 2549) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2549 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MAJOR ROBERT ODELL OWENS POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. f 
STANLEY MICHELS POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (S. 2692) to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office,’’ was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2692 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STANLEY MICHELS POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.140 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4808 June 28, 2018 
Broadway in New York, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. f 
MARVIN GAYE POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 1496) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LANCE CORPORAL JORDAN S. BASTEAN POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 2673) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Cor-poral Jordan S. Bastean Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
U.S. NAVY SEAMAN DAKOTA KYLE RIGSBY POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 3183) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
J. ELLIOTT WILLIAMS POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4301) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
TUSKEGEE AIRMEN POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4406) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MABEL LEE MEMORIAL POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 4463) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office,’’ was or-dered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
BLOOMINGDALE VETERANS MEMO-RIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4574) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
LANCE CORPORAL THOMAS E. RIV-ERS, JR. POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4646) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
FIRST SERGEANT P. ANDREW M
CKENNA JR. POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 4685) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office,’’ ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MAURICE D. HINCHEY POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4722) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS ALWYN CRENDALL CASHE POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H R. 4840) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Ser-geant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE AMERICAN HOMEBREWERS ASSOCIATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 567, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 567) celebrating the 40th anniversary of the American Homebrewers Association. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 567) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
GREAT OUTDOORS MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 568, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 568) designating June 2018 as ‘‘Great Outdoors Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 568) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
THE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following bills en bloc: Cal-endar No. 100, S. 724, with a floor amendment; Calendar No. 306, H.R. 219; Calendar No. 159, H.R. 220; Calendar No. 96, S. 215; Calendar No. 130, S. 490; Cal-endar No. 139, H.R. 2292; Calendar No. 144, H.R. 951; Calendar No. 136, H.R. 446; Calendar No. 137, H.R. 447; and Cal-endar No. 138, H.R. 2122. I further ask unanimous consent that applicable committee or floor amend-ments be agreed to, the bills, as amend-ed, if amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TO AMEND THE FEDERAL POWER ACT TO MODERNIZE AUTHORIZA-TIONS FOR NECESSARY HYDRO-POWER APPROVALS Senate proceeded to consider the bill (S. 724) to amend the Federal Power Act to modernize authorizations for necessary hydropower approvals. The amendment (No. 3391) was agreed to, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:38 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.142 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4809 June 28, 2018 
(Purpose: To include a provision relating to the payment of annual charges) At the end, add the following: (c) O
BLIGATION FOR PAYMENT OF ANNUAL  C
HARGES .—Any obligation of a licensee or exemptee for the payment of annual charges under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)) for a project that has not commenced construction as of the date of en-actment of this Act shall commence not ear-lier than the latest of— (1) the date by which the licensee or exemptee is required to commence construc-tion; or (2) the date of any extension of the dead-line under paragraph (1). 
The bill (S. 724), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 724 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MODERNIZING AUTHORIZATIONS FOR NECESSARY HYDROPOWER AP-PROVALS. 
(a) P RELIMINARY PERMITS .—Section 5 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 798) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘three’’ and inserting ‘‘4’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Commission may extend the period of a preliminary permit once for not more than 2 additional years beyond the 3 years’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Com-mission may— ‘‘(1) extend the period of a preliminary per-mit once for not more than 4 additional years beyond the 4 years’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) after the end of an extension period granted under paragraph (1), issue an addi-tional permit to the permittee if the Com-mission determines that there are extraor-dinary circumstances that warrant the issuance of the additional permit.’’. (b) T
IME LIMIT FOR CONSTRUCTION OF  P
ROJECT WORKS .—Section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘once but not longer than two additional years’’ and in-serting ‘‘for not more than 8 additional years,’’. (c) O
BLIGATION FOR PAYMENT OF ANNUAL  C
HARGES .—Any obligation of a licensee or exemptee for the payment of annual charges under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)) for a project that has not commenced construction as of the date of en-actment of this Act shall commence not ear-lier than the latest of— (1) the date by which the licensee or exemptee is required to commence construc-tion; or (2) the date of any extension of the dead-line under paragraph (1). f 
SWAN LAKE HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT BOUNDARY CORREC-TION ACT The bill (H.R. 219) to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project sur-vey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska, was considered, was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. TO AUTHORIZE THE EXPANSION OF AN EXISTING HYDRO-ELECTRIC PROJECT The bill (H.R. 220) to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, and for other purposes, was considered, was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. f 
AUTHORIZING THE FEDERAL EN-ERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION TO ISSUE AN ORDER CON-TINUING A STAY OF A HYDRO-ELECTRIC LICENSE The bill (S. 215) to authorize the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes, was considered, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 215 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STAY AND REINSTATEMENT OF FERC LICENSE NO. 11393 FOR THE MAHONEY LAKE HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission. (2) L
ICENSE .—The term ‘‘license’’ means the license for the Commission project num-bered 11393. (3) L
ICENSEE .—The term ‘‘licensee’’ means the holder of the license. (b) S
TAY OF LICENSE .—On the request of the licensee, the Commission shall issue an order continuing the stay of the license. (c) L
IFTING OF STAY.—On the request of the licensee, but not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commis-sion shall— (1) issue an order lifting the stay of the li-cense under subsection (b); and (2) make the effective date of the license the date on which the stay is lifted under paragraph (1). (d) E
XTENSION OF LICENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Commission project num-bered 11393, the Commission may, at the re-quest of the licensee, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest require-ments of, and the procedures of the Commis-sion under, that section, extend the time pe-riod during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the exten-sion originally issued by the Commission. (2) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the period required for the commencement of construction of the project described in paragraph (1) has ex-pired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the li-cense effective as of the date of the expira-tion of the license. (B) E
XTENSION .—If the Commission rein-states the license under subparagraph (A), the first extension authorized under para-graph (1) shall take effect on the date of that expiration. (e) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this Act prioritizes, or creates any advantage or dis-advantage to, Commission project numbered 11393 under Federal law, including the Fed-eral Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.) or the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), as compared to— (1) any electric generating facility in exist-ence on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) any electric generating facility that may be examined, proposed, or developed during the period of any stay or extension of the license under this Act. f TO REINSTATE AND EXTEND THE DEADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF CONSTRUCTION OF A HYDRO-ELECTRIC PROJECT INVOLVING THE GIBSON DAM The Senate proceeded to consider the bill (S. 490) to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of con-struction of a hydroelectric project in-volving the Gibson Dam, which had been reported from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment to strike all after the en-acting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 490 
SECTION 1. REINSTATEMENT AND EXTENSION OF TIME FOR FEDERAL ENERGY REGU-LATORY COMMISSION PROJECT IN-VOLVING GIBSON DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission project numbered 12478–003, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest require-ments of, and the procedures of the Commission under, that section, extend the time period dur-ing which the licensee is required to commence construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b) R
EINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the period required for the commencement of construction of the project de-scribed in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license effective as of that date of expiration. (2) E
XTENSION .—If the Commission reinstates the license under paragraph (1), the first exten-sion authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of that expiration. 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 490), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
TO EXTEND A PROJECT OF THE FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION INVOLVING THE CANNONSVILLE DAM The bill (H.R. 2292) to extend a project of the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission involving the Cannonsville Dam, was considered, was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.125 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4810 June 28, 2018 
TO EXTEND THE DEADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF CONSTRUC-TION OF A HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT The bill (H.R. 951) to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, was consid-ered, was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
TO EXTEND THE DEADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF CONSTRUC-TION OF A HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT The bill (H.R. 446) to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, was consid-ered, was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
TO EXTEND THE DEADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF CONSTRUC-TION OF A HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT The bill (H.R. 447) to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, was consid-ered, was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
REINSTATE AND EXTEND THE DEADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF CONSTRUCTION OF A HYDRO-ELECTRIC PROJECT INVOLVING JENNINGS RANDOLPH DAM The bill (H.R. 2122) to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam, was considered, was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS U.S. WORKFORCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5956. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A bill (H.R. 5956) to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 5956) was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
MARRAKESH TREATY IMPLEMENTATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 414, S. 2559. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2559) to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2559) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2559 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Marrakesh Treaty Implementation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPLEMENTATION AMENDMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 121— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘in the United States’’ after ‘‘distribute’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘, nondramatic’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘or of a previously pub-lished musical work that has been fixed in the form of text or notation’’ after ‘‘literary work’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘specialized formats’’ and inserting ‘‘accessible formats’’; and (v) by striking ‘‘blind or other persons with disabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible per-sons’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘in the United States’’ after ‘‘distributed’’; (II) by striking ‘‘a specialized format’’ and inserting ‘‘an accessible format’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘blind or other persons with disabilities’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible per-sons’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a spe-cialized format’’ and inserting ‘‘an accessible format’’; (C) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘spe-cialized formats’’ and inserting ‘‘accessible formats’’; and (D) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); (ii) by redesignating paragraph (1) as para-graph (2); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); (iv) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) ‘accessible format’ means an alter-native manner or form that gives an eligible person access to the work when the copy or phonorecord in the accessible format is used exclusively by the eligible person to permit him or her to have access as feasibly and comfortably as a person without such dis-ability as described in paragraph (3);’’; (v) by inserting after paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(3) ‘eligible person’ means an individual who, regardless of any other disability— ‘‘(A) is blind; ‘‘(B) has a visual impairment or perceptual or reading disability that cannot be im-proved to give visual function substantially equivalent to that of a person who has no such impairment or disability and so is un-able to read printed works to substantially the same degree as a person without an im-pairment or disability; or ‘‘(C) is otherwise unable, through physical disability, to hold or manipulate a book or to focus or move the eyes to the extent that would be normally acceptable for reading; and’’; and (vi) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (2) by inserting after section 121 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 121A. Limitations on exclusive rights: re-production for blind or other people with disabilities in Marrakesh Treaty countries ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding the provisions of sec-tions 106 and 602, it is not an infringement of copyright for an authorized entity, acting pursuant to this section, to export copies or phonorecords of a previously published lit-erary work or of a previously published mu-sical work that has been fixed in the form of text or notation in accessible formats to an-other country when the exportation is made either to— ‘‘(1) an authorized entity located in a coun-try that is a Party to the Marrakesh Treaty; or ‘‘(2) an eligible person in a country that is a Party to the Marrakesh Treaty, if prior to the exportation of such copies or phonorecords, the authorized entity engaged in the exportation did not know or have rea-sonable grounds to know that the copies or phonorecords would be used other than by el-igible persons. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of sec-tions 106 and 602, it is not an infringement of copyright for an authorized entity or an eli-gible person, or someone acting on behalf of an eligible person, acting pursuant to this section, to import copies or phonorecords of a previously published literary work or of a previously published musical work that has been fixed in the form of text or notation in accessible formats. ‘‘(c) In conducting activities under sub-section (a) or (b), an authorized entity shall establish and follow its own practices, in keeping with its particular circumstances, to— ‘‘(1) establish that the persons the author-ized entity serves are eligible persons; ‘‘(2) limit to eligible persons and author-ized entities the distribution of accessible format copies by the authorized entity; ‘‘(3) discourage the reproduction and dis-tribution of unauthorized copies; ‘‘(4) maintain due care in, and records of, the handling of copies of works by the au-thorized entity, while respecting the privacy of eligible persons on an equal basis with others; and ‘‘(5) facilitate effective cross-border ex-change of accessible format copies by mak-ing publicly available— ‘‘(A) the titles of works for which the au-thorized entity has accessible format copies or phonorecords and the specific accessible formats in which they are available; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.136 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4811 June 28, 2018 
‘‘(B) information on the policies, practices, and authorized entity partners of the author-ized entity for the cross-border exchange of accessible format copies. ‘‘(d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to establish— ‘‘(1) a cause of action under this title; or ‘‘(2) a basis for regulation by any Federal agency. ‘‘(e) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to limit the ability to engage in any activity otherwise permitted under this title. ‘‘(f) For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) the terms ‘accessible format’, ‘author-ized entity’, and ‘eligible person’ have the meanings given those terms in section 121; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘Marrakesh Treaty’ means the Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works by Visually Impaired Persons and Persons with Print Disabilities concluded at Marrakesh, Morocco, on June 28, 2013.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 1 of title 17, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 121 the fol-lowing: ‘‘121A. Limitations on exclusive rights: re-production for blind or other people with disabilities in Mar-rakesh Treaty countries.’’. f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 2018, THROUGH MONDAY, JULY 9, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, June 29, at 8:30 a.m.; Tuesday, July 3, at 9 a.m.; Thursday, July 5, at 1 p.m. I further ask that when the Senate ad-journs on Thursday, July 5, it next con-vene at 3 p.m., Monday, July 9; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; fur-ther, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Ben-nett nomination; finally, that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture motions filed during to-day’s session ripen at 5:30 p.m., Mon-day, July 9. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL AT 8:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:37 p.m., adjourned until Friday, June 29, 2018, at 8:30 a.m. NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ALAN RAY SHAFFER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUISITION AND SUSTAINMENT. (NEW POSITION) 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
MICHAEL T. HARVEY, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE PAIGE EVE ALEX-ANDER, RESIGNED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. ROBERT B. ABRAMS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
KATHLEEN E. AALDERINK TRAVIS P. ABEITA BENJAMIN C. ABSHIRE ASHLEE R. ADAME BROOKS D. ADAMO BRYAN D. ADAMS CHRISTOPHER K. ADAMS DANIEL J. ADAMS DONALD J. ADAMS MATTHEW G. ADAMS MICHAEL A. ADAMS II NICHOLAS S. ADAMS SCOTT D. ADAMSON ADEKUNBI H. ADEWUNMI LANCE A. ADSIT SARAH E. AFFALTER TIA M. AHLF ANDREW D. AHN SIMMONA A. AHN JUSTIN V. AHRENS MERRIDETH T. AKERS JACOB A. AKINS STEPHEN D. ALBERT JOSHUA R. ALBRITTON TREVOR J. ALDRIDGE BENJAMIN J. ALDUS JEREMIAH A. ALEFOSIO KELLY N. ALEXANDER TIMOTHY A. ALEXANDER WILLIAM J. ALEXSON DANIEL C. ALLEN DOUGLAS C. ALLEN JOEL M. ALLEN PATRICK C. ALLEN ROBERT D. ALLEN TIMOTHY J. ALLEN ERIN A. ALMAND ERIC A. ALMEIDA KEDEM J. ALON JASON A. ALTENHOFEN HUNTER LESLIE L. ALTMAN RAFAEL A. ALVARADO JOSE L. ALVAREZ, JR. TIMOTHY R. ALVORD DANIEL C. AMACK DANIELLE S. AMASON JACKY R. AMERSON, JR. DARBY L. ANABLE JOSEPH M. ANDERSEN AMANDA Y. ANDERSON BRYAN C. ANDERSON DAVID J. ANDERSON ESTHER M. ANDERSON GEORGE E. ANDERSON JON R. ANDERSON KEVIN S. ANDERSON MUNSON J. ANDERSON III RYAN T. ANDERSON SEAN K. ANDERSON DEREK S. ANDEWEG JEFFREY S. ANDRADE JONATHAN S. ANDRESEN JOSHUA R. ANSON JEFFREY D. ANTAL JEREMY P. ANTHONY MARCUS K. ANTHONY THOMAS D. ANTONOFF, JR. BRYANNA N. APPLEBY SHARON ARANA GEORGE A. ARBUCKLE ROBERT A. ARCAND JEFFREY B. ARCHER ZACHARY W. ARENDSEE JOSEPH M. ARGANBRIGHT MARVIN RAY ARIDA JOSHUA M. ARNALL AARON C. ARNTZ ANTHONY D. AROCHA JONATHAN M. ARONOFF JARED M. ASCHENBRENNER MICHAEL C. ATKINSON TRENTON C. ATWOOD BRADY J. AUGUSTIN LAJUAN D. AUSTIN LANCE A. AUSTIN KEVIN AUTREY THOMAS V. AVOLIO TY S. AXSON MICHELLE L. AXTMAN JOHNMICHAEL B. AYERS RICHARD T. AYERS CURTIS A. BABBIE PHILIP W. BACHMEYER EVAN J. BACKES EDWARD J. BAE LEIGHTON F. BAGBY MARK A. BAILIE ADAM L. BAIR CASSIDY J. BAIR CHRISTOPHER M. BAIR KAITLIN R. BAIRD NICHOLAS J. BAKER MICHAEL V. BAKKE DANIEL A. BALCH ERIC K. BALDOCK JOSEPH R. BALDWIN MARY K. BALDWIN NEWTON L. BANG JOEL F. BANJOJOHNSON DOUGLAS H. BANNING KARAN BANSAL WAYNE R. BARBER JASON M. BARHORST ROBERT D. BARLOW AUSTIN M. BARNES BRETT O. BARNES CAMERON A. BARNES JOEL R. BARNES ALEXANDER E. BARNETT LEVI J. BARNETT RYAN J. BARNUM DONALD A. BARRETT MARIE F. BARRETT JOSHUA B. BARROGA MATTHEW M. BARRY MARK J. BARTAK STEVEN M. BARTELS AUSTIN G. BARTLETT LYNDON G. BARTLETT DAVE G. BARTOLOME ALEXANDER P. BARWIKOWSKI ZACHRY H. BASNIGHT JACOB ALAN BASS JUSTIN K. BATEMAN DOUGLAS S. BATES SEAN M. D. BATSON JUSTIN J. BAUMAN DAVID T. BAXTER CHARLES L. BAYNE JAMES E. BEARD ANDREW L. BEASLEY KENDALL G. BEASLEY THOMAS M. BEASLEY MATTHEW A. BEAUDREAULT ANDREW J. BEAUREGARD JESSICA L. BEAUREGARD JOSEPH M. BECKER JEFFREY K. BEENE BRADY L. BEHRENDT ANDREW T. BEIDLER JOHN R. BEILSTEIN JESSE D. BEINHOWER BRADLEY S. BELL BRETT I. BELL JUSTIN R. BELLAMY BRIAN A. BELONGIA REBECCA R. W. BELONGIA RAFAEL E. BELTRAN ROBERT J. BELUS JOSH A. BENFER LOUIS L. BENNETT WILLIAM G. BENNETT CODY A. BENOY HOWARD D. BENSINGER CHRISTOPHER D. BENSON ROBERT L. BENT TIMOTHY J. BENT NICHOLAUS J. BENTE STEVEN L. BENTHAL TYLER R. BERENSEN JEREMY S. BERGER KAWIKA H. BERGGREN ADAM P. BERGOO RICHARD C. BERNARD THERON R. BERRY MYLES A. BERTHOLD PETER J. BETZ DANIEL B. BEVERS PATRICK E. BEVILLE JAMES E. BEVINS SAMUEL M. BEXTEN BRIAN J. BEYER BRIAN A. BIACAN GREGORY A. BIELER DEREK J. BIERMANN NICHOLAS D. BIGGERT PETER C. BILLINGS KYLE L. BINGMAN LEVI S. BIRD DERRICK W. BIRDSELL KEVIN W. BISHOP MARK R. BISHOP MICHAEL J. BLACK TIMOTHY A. BLACK AARON M. BLACKBURN SAMUEL A. BLAKELY ANDREW S. D. BLANCHARD JASON D. BLAND 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.145 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4812 June 28, 2018 
KYLE C. BLANK ALDRIN P. BLASQUEZ MARC P. BLEHA DAVID L. BLESSINGER JAMES H. BLICK ALEXANDER J. BLUE DAYTON D. BLUME HOBAN A. BLUME ROBERT B. BLUMENKRANTZ WILLIAM W. BLUMHOEFER DAVID J. BLUMMER MARK A. BOATMAN NEIL F. BOCKUS JESTIN A. BOELMAN KEENAN M. BOES SCOTT D. BOGNER MICHAEL S. BOLTON JEFFREY R. BONNER STEVEN M. BOOKER GORDON D. BOOM KYLE J. BOOMER JASON D. BOOTH MELVIN K. BOOTHE DEVIN M. BORDELON MARY L. BORDELON ANDREW D. BORDERS CORTNEY R. BORGAN JUSTIN D. BORGERDING MICHELLE D. BOSTIC STEVEN P. BOSTWICK JOSHUA C. BOSWORTH BENJAMIN J. BOTNICK RICHARD G. BOTTINELLI REBECCA J. BOULERICE SINORAKHOUNE BOUNMASANONH JARED J. BOWEN RUDOLPH T. BOWEN II JOSHUA D. BOWER GLENN D. BOWERSOX BRADLEY B. BOWLES JAMES A. BOWRON NATHAN H. BOYER STEPHANIE A. BOYER ANTHONY C. BRADEN CHASE B. BRADLEY KEVIN A. BRADY TAYLOR M. BRANCO CHAD R. BRANDL THOMAS A. BRATTON JUSTIN M. BRAZELL JOHN T. BREAM CODY J. BREAU JASON P. BREAZEALE CHAD J. BRENNER SCOTT A. BRENNER DANIEL R. BREWER JOSEPH C. BREWER NICHOLAS K. BREWER STEPHEN R. BRIGHTMAN JOSEPH M. BROCK MARK S. BRODIE JEFFREY A. BROFFMAN JAMES W. BRONCHEAU RYAN K. BROOKINS ROGER K. BROOKS JACOB G. BROULLIRE AARON R. BROWN CHRISTOPHER M. BROWN COREY A. BROWN DAVID T. BROWN DAVID W. BROWN, JR. ERIK BROWN GREGORY E. BROWN JAMIL L. BROWN JEFFERY L. BROWN, JR. JESSE ANDREW BROWN NICHOLAS W. BROWN NIKITA F. BROWN ROBERT L. BROWN ELEANOR J. BROWNDYMKOSKI JUSTIN J. BROZZETTI SEAN M. BRUCERENNICK ELON N. BRUMFIELD TYLER M. BRUMMER VINCENT C. BRUNO KYLE M. BRUTON PATRICK J. BRUTON BRADLEY W. BRYANT MICHAEL J. BRYANT ANDREW J. BUCHANAN DANIEL R. BUCHANAN SAMANTHA L. BUCHHOLTZ ERIC A. BUCHIARELLI JACOB D. BUCKMAN CHERIE L. BUDAY JAMES M. BUELL KENNETH I. BULL AMBER D. BULLARD AUSTIN R. BULLER ADAM M. BUNKER ANTHONY BUNKER JESUS M. BURCIAGA, JR. NICHOLAS K. BURG ALEXANDER D. BURGESS TY J. BURGESS PATRICK T. BURKE JAMES T. BURNETT TRAVIS J. BURNETTE MICHAEL S. BURNS RONALD W. BURNS SHAWN C. BURNSIDE JACOB B. BURNUM KEVIN D. BURRIS ERIC D. BURTON ADAM N. BUSH MALIA D. BUSH PHILIP J. BUSH CASEY G. BUTIKOFER DAVID J. BUTLER JOHN A. BUTLER JOSEPH G. BUTLER TITUS A. BUTLER SPENCER A. BUTT DAVID P. BUTZIN CHRISTOPHER L. BUZZETTA BRADLEY M. BYINGTON DANIEL K. BYNUM KYLE L. BYRD WILLIAM R. BYRNE RAFAEL V. CABRERA ERIC P. CADORETTE CHRISTOPHER C. CADY CHRISTOPHER S. CAHILL AARON M. CAIN SHAUN C. CAIN JUAN C. CALDERON JAMES C. CALDWELL ROY M. CALILUNG LISA M. CALLAHAN SEAN T. CALLAHAN JOSHUA CALTAGIRONE HOLZLI CHARDAY S. CAMINERO ANDREW C. CAMPBELL GREGORY S. CAMPBELL JOHN M. CAMPBELL LAURA E. CAMPBELL MATTHEW C. CAMPBELL JEFFREY J. CAMPEAU BRIAN M. CAMPION DELWYN CAMPO DEREK J. CANDIOTTI JOSHUA R. CARAGAN DARYL R. CARDEN DEREK J. CARDEN JOSEPH A. CARDOZA SCOTT M. CARLAN CLAIRE J. CARLOS BRIAN J. CARPENTER ROBERT D. CARPENTER WILLIAM A. CARPENTER THOMAS E. CARR SHAWN E. CARRIER BRIEANNA C. CARROLL JASON D. CARROLL TYLER D. CARSON SHANNAN L. CARTER MATTHEW S. CARVER MICHAEL F. CASANO MICHAEL C. CASE KEITH R. CASEY MICHAEL A. CASEY JOSHUA P. CASKEY JUSTIN L. CASSIDY RENEE D. CASSIDY JENNIFER L. CASTANEDA DANIEL A. CASTLE JOSEPH V. CASTRO ANDREW L. CAULK ROBERT F. CAULK GREGORY L. CAYLOR KASIDIT V. CHALAOPAK JOEL N. CHALMERS AARON S. CHAMBERLAIN ROBERT E. CHANCE III CLINTON H. CHANDLER KEVIN M. CHANG JOSE A. CHAPARRO NICHOLAS A. CHARBONNEAU TRAVIS LEE CHASE MICHAEL J. CHETKOWSKI BRYANT Y. CHEUNG DAVID F. CHICK, JR. KYLE A. CHILDRESS NICHOLAS M. CHISLER MATTHEW I. CHISM RANDALL V. CHLEBEK RACHEL E. CHRASH PETER CHRIST NICHOLAS R. CHRISTI RYAN D. CHRISTIE ANDREW J. CHUNG DEAN A. CHUVA RYAN S. CHYLEWSKI DANIEL CIPERA ANDREW D. CIPOLLA COLBY B. CLARK GARY M. CLARK TYLER C. CLARK MEGAN A. CLAYTON KATRIINA M. CLEGG KYLE D. CLEMENTS JONATHON R. CLIMER RYAN W. CLISSET PHILIP D. CLOSSON KURT D. CLOUTIER JAMES A. COCHRAN JOHN M. COCKBURN JOHN J. COCOMAZZI JEFFREY M. COE MATTHEW S. COFFEY BENJAMIN R. COFFMAN MAYO L. COINER III THOMAS G. COKER DEREK COLE KYLE J. COLE SHANE E. COLEMAN KEVIN D. COLLETT GARRETT C. COLLINS PHIL D. COMPTON CHRISTOPHER R. CONLEY LIAM D. CONLEY MICHAEL B. CONNELLY BRIAN P. CONNOLLY, JR. NOEL B. CONRAD JARED M. CONSOLO ELLIE J. CONSTANTINE RYAN C. CONWAY JOEL E. COOKE ANDREW L. COOPER AUSTIN B. COOPER NICHOLAS A. COOPER LUKE J. COQUERILLE HUGH T. CORBETT CURTIS D. CORDON JOHN C. CORDOVA MATTHEW M. CORK STEWART J. CORNETT ROBERTO J. CORNIER TATIANA C. CORNIER MICHAEL Q. CORPUZ JASON A. CORRELL MATTHEW R. CORUM CHRISTOPHER M. COSTELLO ROBERT G. COURTADE ROBERT L. COWSERT ANGIE M. COX MICHAEL G. COX SHAWN D. COX ZACHARY J. CRAMPTON MATTHEW C. CRANDALL IAN R. CRAWFORD JON L. CREMER CHRISTOPHER W. CREVELING DENNIS M. CROSS DANIEL W. CROUCH COREY W. CROWELL STANLEY D. CROZIER, JR. STEPHEN L. CROZIER BRIAN B. CRUM JAMIE CUBARRUBIA ANGELICA CUBILLOS FONSECA BRIAN J. CUCE TARYRECE CULBERSONSWINT FRANKLIN B. CULICK STEFANIE M. CULP ELIJAH D. CULPEPPER BROOKE C. CULTRA RICHARD D. CULVER BRET M. CUNNINGHAM JUSTIN F. CUNNINGHAM NICHOLAS L. CUNNINGHAM BRIAN A. CURD JOSEPH R. CURRAN MICHELLE M. CURRAN MAXWELL D. CURRIER THOMAS PATRICK CUSHING JOSEPH D. CZIKO AARON A. DACHROEDEN JOSEPH J. DAGOSTINO KRISTOFER R. DAHL JASON M. DALL DANIEL C. DALRYMPLE JACOB J. DALRYMPLE DEVIN K. DALTON CHRISTOPHER J. DAMELE DAVID R. DAMERON WILLIAM P. DANA RICHARD S. DANAHER JUSTIN W. DANCER MATTHEW R. DANIELS THOMAS E. DANIELS MATTHEW G. DARBY ANTHONY R. DARR JOEL K. DARRINGTON AARON W. DARTY MANUEL S. DASO SEBASTIEN L. A. DAUBY THOMAS R. DAUGHERTY TIMOTHY M. DAVES RONALD C. DAVIES ALAN P. DAVIS ANDREW R. DAVIS CHRISTOPHER A. DAVIS DANIEL J. DAVIS DONALD A. DAVIS ERIC L. DAVIS KYLE J. E. DAVIS KYLE S. DAVIS LOVELL C. K. DAVIS, JR. MATTHEW W. DAVIS MELVIN L. DAVIS NICHOLAS J. DAVIS SCOTT D. DAVIS STEVEN A. DAVIS TRENT A. DAVIS JOSH J. DAWKINS JUSTIN D. DAY LINNA T. DE CUIR ADRIAN D. DE LA CRUZ JESUS R. DE LEON WILLIAM E. DEAN CHRISTOPHER B. DEANS MATTHEW A. DEARBORN NATHAN L. DEAVER RYAN A. DECAMP MATTHEW R. DECKER NATHAN S. DECKER CAITLYN A. DEFABO JOSHUA D. DEFRANK JEREMY K. DEGUZMAN LUCIAN A. DEKICH CHRISTOPHER M. DEL CAMPO ANTHONY J. DEL VECCHIO ROBERT J. DELABAR COLLEEN M. DELAWDER NATHANIAL E. DELEON ALFREDO DELGADO JONATHAN J. DELGADO JOSE O. DELIZSOTO JOHN A. DELOSREYES WESLEY J. DEMBEK 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.029 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4813 June 28, 2018 
DAJON D. DEMILLE CHRISTOPHER P. DEMMON BRIAN J. DENDY GABRIEL J. DENNY CARL P. DENSFORD VENANCIO E. DEOCARIZA AMBER N. DERIGGI BENJAMIN P. DERIGGI RACHAEL J. DEROCHE AUGUST P. DEROSA MIHIR P. DESAI THOMAS R. DESBIENS NICHOLAS G. DETLOFF KIRK H. DEVINE LISA M. DEWALT BRADLEY R. DEWEES JARED C. DEWIRE NICOLAS F. DEWULF DAVID DIAZ II ANTHONY M. DIBIASE KELLY M. DICKERSON MATTHEW B. DICKERSON MATTHEW C. DICKSON GRADY N. DIDERICKSEN KEVIN S. DIEFENDERFER MATTHEW A. DIETRICH JAROD L. DIGEORGE JEFFREY J. DILL GARRETT E. DILLEY ZEBULON J. DIMMETT LUKE N. DINH SEAN P. DINNELL JONATHAN F. DIPPOLD NATHAN A. DIRKS ALLEN F. DISMUKE, JR. ERIC C. DISS VICTOR V. DITOMMASO NICHOLAS L. DIXON ANDEELYNN DOANE CASEY R. DOANE MICHAEL E. DOBBS CHARLES M. DODD IV SCOTT Z. DOLAR JUSTIN A. DOMINGUEZ IAN C. DONESKI MICHAEL W. DOROSKI BRENDAN S. DORSEYSPITZ BRIAN L. DOSA JOSEPH P. DOUGHERTY BRANDON J. DOWNEY JASON J. DOWNS DUSTIN M. DOYLE TRAVARES RAY DOZIER SHANA L. DRAHN HOFFMAN NATHANIAL C. DRENCKHAHN SCOTT A. DRERUP KENNETH J. DREW KEVIN T. DRUMM CHRISTOPHER R. DUBOIS PATRICK J. DUFFEY THOMAS C. DUFFY BRYAN C. DUKES BRIAN J. DUNN JAMES R. DUNN JOHN W. DUNN ROBERTA M. DUNN ROBERT D. DURHAM ROMANIE J. DURNIN ALEXANDER W. DURSTEIN WILLIAM W. DYKE JACOB A. DYKSTRA JAMES P. EAGAN ALEX M. EARLY THOMAS J. EASTER AARON C. ECHOLS DANIEL W. ECKLEBE SHELLEY P. ECKLEBE JUSTIN L. EDMUNDS TROY E. EGBERT CASEY J. EICKHOLT NATHAN J. ELDREDGE KENDRIC J. ELLERBE ERIC B. ELLES MICHAEL J. ELLINGSEN KENNETH A. ELLINGTON ABIGAIL E. ELLIOTT CODY L. ELLIOTT MICHAEL D. ELLIOTT STEPHEN B. ELLIOTT JOHN M. ELLIS JOSEPH B. ELLIS LINDSEY K. ELLIS PAUL D. ELLIS WILLIAM R. ELLIS II NATHAN E. ELLSWORTH JOSHUA L. ELMSHAEUSER CHRISTOPHER R. ENGELKEN KELLY S. ENNEN KYLE L. EPPERSON JARRED A. EPSTEIN BRYNGEL J. ERICKSON ROBERT A. ERICKSON JAMES T. ERKARD III ANDREW J. ERLANDSON DANIEL A. ESPOSITO ALLEN L. ESTALILLA BRET M. EVANS DANIEL C. EVANS EDMUND E. EVANS KIRK D. EVANS LAURA WALSH EVANS PETER J. EVANS JOANA R. EVERETT CHRISTOPHER J. EWALD TRICIA T. EWING KACEY L. EZELL ZACHARY W. FAIR NICHOLAS E. FAIRBROTHER LOREN M. FAIRE MICHAEL L. FANTAUZZI BENJAMIN M. FARBER JOSEPH D. FARINASH JENIFER FARKAS MICHAEL J. FARRARA EVAN J. FARREN DANIEL S. FAULK BENJAMIN P. FECTEAU JOSHUA J. FEDERER JOSHUA FEHD LUKE S. FEKETE IRA J. M. FELICIANO RYAN L. FERENZ ANDREW P. FERGUSON CHRISTOPHER R. FERGUSON AUTUMN L. FERKALUK KRISTOFER T. FERNANDEZ ANTHONY J. FERRARA DAVID J. FERRARA KEVIN E. FICKERT II COURTNEY L. FIELDS DENNIS C. FIELDS JACOB M. FIELDS KRISTOFER FIGUEROA JACK T. FINE COLIN M. FINK BRETT M. FINNERAN SCOTT R. FISCHER JON R. FISHER TODD M. FISK BRANDON S. FISKE KEITH D. FITSCHEN SEAN T. FITZGERALD BRIAN J. FITZPATRICK DENNIS M. FLANARY MARK R. FLANNERY MATTHEW J. FLEHARTY CHRISTOPHER G. FLEISSNER THOMAS J. FLETCHER JAMES G. FLICK SHIELA H. FLINDERS CELESTE L. FLORELL XAVIER A. FLORES JOHN A. FLORO BRIAN P. FLYNN DARIN C. FLYNN JOSHUA J. FORD JONATHAN E. FORSYTH HENRY A. FORTINBERRY DONALD C. FOSSUM MITCHELL E. FOSSUM DANIEL E. FOSTER RYAN J. FOSTER EDWARD P. FOULON ANDREW A. FOX JEREMY D. FOX MARK H. FOYLE SCOTT I. FRANCIS DAVID R. FRANCK CARLOS A. FRANCO CONOR B. FRANKLIN MATTHEW J. FRANTZ ANGELA L. FRAZIER JONATHAN P. FREDRICK ADAM M. FREE BRYAN T. FREEMAN CHARLTON E. FREEMAN ODIE R. FREEMAN III ANDREW D. FREITAG AARON K. FRENCH NATALIA Y. FROLOVA JOHN ANDREW J. FUGATE LEANDROS FUGATE WESTON L. FULFER BEVERLY P. FULGENCIO PAUL C. GABOR MATTHEW M. GABSO PURVIS C. GADDIS JOSIAH D. GAFFNEY LUCAS C. GAGLIARDI CHAD M. GAGNON ROBERT R. GAISER ERIC J. GALL DANIEL M. GALLAGHER ANDREA C. GALLEGOS ALEXANDER C. GALLMAN SCOTT L. GALLOWAY DAVID J. GALLUZZO ANDREW J. GAMACHE GABRIEL H. GAMACHE LUIS C. GARCIA MATTHEW G. GARDNER JESSE E. GARIEPY JASON A. GARRISH VINCENT P. GARZONE AMBER M. GASPARETTO BRUNING VANESSA A. GASSWINT KYLE R. GATES CHRISTOPHER E. GEARY SCOTT M. GEBAUER GEORGE M. GEIGES ERIN C. GENTILE KEVIN D. GEORGE PAUL J. GEPHART III RAYMOND J. GERARD ANNETTE D. GERINGER DANIEL K. GERMAINE JOSEPH A. GERTIS NIKKI C. GESSNER THOMAS B. GETZ III MICHAEL J. GIANNONE MICHAEL P. GIBB TAYLOR G. GIFFEN MADISON L. GILBERT MATTHEW A. GILBERT NICHOLAS A. GILBERT ANDREW V. GILL BRIAN D. GILLIAM CRAIG P. GILMAN MICHAEL V. GILPATRICK ANDREW J. GILZEAN COLBY C. GLASGOW ROBERT A. GLENN SANDRA S. GLIDEWELL MELISSA A. GLINDMEYER HEATHER M. GLINSKI CHARLES G. GLOVER III GARRETT M. GLOVER LARRY L. M. GLOVER ROBERT E. GLOVER ANDREW J. GLOWA STEVEN D. GLOWACKI JOSHUA M. GMINSKI DANIEL J. GNAZZO ROBERT E. GOBRECHT DARYL R. GODFREY NEIL F. GODWIN DANIEL C. GOESER PATRICK R. GOINGCO JONATHAN G. GOKEY BENJAMIN A. GOLATA JOHN J. GOLDEN WALTER M. GOLDEN ANTHONY M. GOLE ZACHARIAH D. GONYEA ASHLEY E. GONZALES ADRIAN GONZALEZ KEVIN H. GONZALEZ KIMBERLY A. GONZALEZ SETH J. GONZALEZ MARC G. GOODMAN TIMOTHY L. GORSKI STEVEN J. GORSS CARL A. GOTWALD HAROLD J. GOTWALD CLAYTON C. GRACE JOSHUA A. GRADAILLE MARK A. GRAFF SARAH J. GRAFTON HOLLY J. GRAMKOW PATRICK J. GRANDSAERT KYLE D. GRANT EMILY N. GRAVES MATTHEW E. GRAY KEVIN J. GREBB AARON B. GREEN KALI J. GREEN MICHAEL A. GREENE EVIN P. GREENSFELDER COLBY S. GREGORY NATHAN A. GREINER COLLIN M. GREISER NICHOLAS J. GRIECO NICHOLAS R. GRIESE JEREMY L. GRIFFIN MARK D. GRIFFIN JIMMY LEROY D. GRIFFITH RYAN T. GRIGGS KIMBERLY D. GRISSON JEFFREY K. GROLL NEAL D. GROSSHEIDER BRIAN D. GROTH GREGORY O. GROVES DONALD A. GRUBER JOHN G. GRUCELLA JOSEPH V. GRUNWALDT SABINA T. GRUSNICK DALE B. GSELLMAN KIMBERLY J. GUEST MELISSA L. GULDAN BRANDEN W. GULICK BRANDON D. GUNNELS IAN N. GUNTHER JOHN B. GUPTILL CHRISTOPHER M. GURROLA ANDREW W. GUSTAFSON CRAIG D. GUSTAFSON JAMES P. GUTHRIE EMMANUEL GUZMAN MARY B. GUZOWSKI EDWARD T. HABERMEYER KIRK A. HABRUN CHAD M. HAFERMANN CLAYTON T. HAFERNIK MICHAEL E. HAFFNER BENJAMIN J. HAGARDT RYAN M. HAGENER GAVIN S. HAGENS NATHANIEL L. HAGOOD KIMBERLY N. HALE CRAIG J. HALES DIANA L. HALFERTY BEN D. HALL BRIAN T. HALL JAMES B. HALL JONATHAN E. HALL MATTHEW S. HALL ADAM C. HALLMAN MATTHEW G. HALLMAN JOEL F. HALPERT BRANDIANN M. HAMADA BLAKE A. HAMILTON BRIAN C. HAMILTON JOHN C. HAMILTON NICOLAS S. HAMILTON WILLIAM N. HAMILTON ROBERT A. I. HAMMERBECK BRANDON C. HAMMOND EDWARD R. HAMMOND MELISSA A. HAMMOND TIMOTHY J. HAMMOND JEREMY J. HANCOCK 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.031 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4814 June 28, 2018 
MATTHEW R. HANCOCK JUSTIN W. HAND ZACHARY G. HANEY MICHAEL A. HANK MATTHEW P. HANNAN WESTON J. HANOKA JOSEPH S. HANSEN RYAN A. HANSEN PATRICK A. HANSON KRISTEN E. HAP ADDISON A. HARDING CHRISTOPHER R. HARDING JAMES W. HARDWICK TYLER J. HARDY DALE J. HARGIS CRAIG S. HARMS JUSTIN D. HARMS BLAKE S. HARNESS ANDREA V. HARRINGTON KYLE HARRINGTON ANDREW L. HARRIS CASEY A. HARRIS DANIEL A. HARRIS JERED L. HARRIS JOHN M. HARRIS JOHN T. HARRIS SIDNEY M. HARRIS WYATT J. HARRIS MATTHEW D. HARRISON RYAN F. HARRISON WILLIAM J. HARRISON JOSIAH D. HART GREGORY C. HARTMAN JOHN H. HARVEY III DILLON J. HATFIELD JOHN S. HATFIELD DANIEL M. HATZUNG JOSHUA D. HAUSMANN GREGORY W. HAVERKORN WILLIE L. HAW KENNETH J. HAWKINS MICHAEL D. HAWKINS NATHAN C. HAWKINS WHITNEY B. HAWKINS WILLIAM R. HAWKINS II MICHAEL M. HAYES RYAN J. HEARY JASON R. HECHLER JOSHUA J. HEFFERNEN KAIS HEIMBURGER MICHAEL L. HEINER SCOTT A. HEINLEIN CAROLYN R. HEISER CHRISTOPHER R. HEISERMAN KRISTEN M. HEISERMAN WILLIAM D. HEITSHUSEN DANIEL R. HEJDE JD E. HELM DUSTIN B. HELSEL ERIK M. HENDEN STEPHEN K. HENDERSHOT AARRON P. HENDERSON DAVID N. HENDERSON JOSHUA E. HENDERSONCASTEEL DANIEL P. HENDREN ERIC I. HENDRICKER MATTHEW R. HENDRIX BRADLEY J. HENICKE SCHUYLER A. HENRY JUSTIN T. HEPPE ALAN M. HERBOL CESAR A. HERNANDEZ ELIZABETH M. M. HERNANDEZ SAMUEL R. HERRING IV TORIN T. HERRING ANTHONY E. HERTACH MATTHEW E. HERZBERG BRIAN J. HESS JOSHUAH A. HESS PAUL A. HESSER TYLER J. HEWKO MICHAEL T. HEWLETT TYLER H. HIATT JAMES C. HICKERSON JONATHON HICKMAN BRIAN R. HICKNER ANDREW M. HICKS SKYLER R. HILBURN BRIAN A. HILL ERIC R. HILL PATTERSON S. HILL ERIK M. HILLARD JESSICA M. HILLARD MICHAEL H. HILLIER KRISTINA M. HIMMELREICH WILLIAM J. HINCHEY ERIC L. HINEMAN TIMOTHY J. HINOJOSA BRYAN J. HLADIK HANS B. HOBBS NATHAN G. HOCKING JOSEPH C. HOECHERL TYSON W. HOFFINE BRYAN N. HOFFLER DANIEL H. HOFFMAN MICHAEL R. HOFFMAN JONATHAN D. HOGAN LAUREN S. HOGG MICHAEL J. HOGGARD SAMUEL K. HOLBROOK RYAN J. HOLETS MATTHEW D. HOLLAND CHRISTOPHER D. HOLLIDAY HARRIS W. HOLLIS ERIN N. HOLLMON WILL M. HOLMES CURTIS D. HOLTMAN JASON M. HOLZMAN HEATH A. HONAKER MATTHEW J. HONEYMAN ANDREW S. HONG LEON E. HONTZ III DAVID J. HOOK CARISSA M. HOOSLINE ADAM R. HOPKINS DEREK D. HOPKINS MATTHEW F. HORAN THOMAS J. HORAN ALEX A. HORTIN JESSE R. HORTON DANIEL J. HOWE ANTHONY J. HOWELL JORDAN M. HOWEN SCOTT N. HOWLEY DERRICK A. HOXIE LAUREN P. HOYT BRIAN D. HUCKS LUKAS J. HUEBENER RYAN T. HUFF ANTHONY K. HUGHES COLIN T. HUGHES HENRY W. HUGHES JENNIFER A. HUGHES JOSHUA M. HUGHES ERIC D. HULSHIZER SETH W. HULTIN JACOB I. HUMMEL ROBERT L. HUMPHRIES DREW C. HUNDLEY BRADLEY M. HUNT FREDERICK C. HUNT III PETER E. HUNT ANNALEIS M. HUNTER IAN T. HURDLE ERIC R. HUTTON LLOYD P. HUTTON, JR. KEVIN M. HUWEL ROBERT C. HYATT PAUL E. HYDE SHAUN D. HYLANDMOORE ANTHONY E. HYLKO CATHERINE W. HYNIE JONATHAN F. ICE CHRISTOPHER A. IFFT MATTHEW C. IGO RUBEN I. IHUIT MATTHEW P. ILLOWSKY COY D. INCAPRERA WILLIAM G. INDELICATO LARRY B. INGERSOLL REID P. INMAN GYSCAR J. INOCENCIAHOLLOWAY WHIMY E. INVENTOR CAITLIN P. IRBY RICHARD J. ISER VIOLANDRINO V. ISIP DAVID M. IZZO NICHOLAS J. JACKS BARRY R. JACKSON DANIEL J. JACKSON LEROY F. JACKSON MATTHEW R. JACKSON RICHARD W. JACKSON TYLER I. JACKSON TRAVIS D. JACOBS BRANDON S. JACOBSON CHRISTOPHER A. JAGGERS DANIEL R. JAMERSON FRANK A. JAMERSON CHRISTOPHER C. JAMES JOHNATHAN P. JAMES MELISSA E. JAMISON RICHARD E. JANSEN CINDIE M. JANSSEN DAVID M. JANTZEN BRANDEN P. JARMON BRIAN K. JARRELL TIMOTHY D. JARRELL MARK A. JASZCZAK SUZANNE M. JEDROSKO SETH T. JEFFERSON GREGORY A. JEMO MICHAEL R. JENCIK AMY J. JENKINS MICHAEL C. JENNINGS JACOBUS J. JENS MADELEINE J. JENSEN MATTHEW W. JENSEN DANIEL JENSON ROBERT G. JEPPESEN LUCAS D. JESSEN LUIS M. JIMENEZ LUKE E. JOHANSON RUSSELL H. JOHN ANDREW P. JOHNSON ANWAR L. JOHNSON ASHLEY A. JOHNSON BRYCE L. JOHNSON CHRISTOPHER W. JOHNSON CLIFFORD D. JOHNSON JAMES B. JOHNSON JENNIFER M. JOHNSON JEREMIAH S. JOHNSON JOEL J. JOHNSON LUKE S. JOHNSON MITCHELL D. JOHNSON NATHAN J. JOHNSON RICHARD J. JOHNSON ROBERT R. JOHNSON SANSEN E. JOHNSON SPENCER E. JOHNSON TREVOR H. JOHNSON CHRISTOPHER L. JOHNSTON EVAN W. JOHNSTON KEVIN D. JOHNSTON RACHEL A. JOHNSTON BLAKE A. JONES BRANDON J. JONES CHASMINE M. JONES CHRISTOPHER R. JONES DAVID W. JONES, JR. KYLE D. JONES KYLE S. JONES RHONDA JONES ROSSER M. JONES TAYLOR C. JONES DAVID M. JORDAN NATHAN O. JORGENSEN CHARITY A. JOYNER STEPHEN R. JUDE DAVID M. JUEL ADAM C. JUNG ASHLEY C. JUNG KELLY J. JUNKINS ROBERT E. JURGENSMEIER STEPHANIE L. KAARI MATTHEW T. KADING DIANA P. KANE JAMES J. KANG JENNIFER N. KANNEGAARD BRYAN S. KAPES PHILLIP E. KAPETS DUSTIN S. KARAS DOUGLAS A. KARL BRETT T. KASISCHKE DAVID KASKY LUKE M. KASPARI SIMON P. KASSEMI EMILY A. KATZ SHANNON D. KAUFMAN JAMES E. C. KAWECKI DEAN D. KAZI CHRISTOPHER R. KEAN CHARLES G. KEATON CHARLES W. KEELING ALANNA KEITH KYLE P. KEITH THOMAS J. KELLAMS II PATRICK E. KELLERMAN THOMAS W. KELLERMANN JUSTIN D. KELLETT JENNIFER G. KELLEY WILLIAM W. KELLEY KRISTOPHER M. KELLY MICHAEL A. KELLY MATTHEW L. KEMERER ANNE M. KEMP MICHAEL B. KEMP THEODORE R. KEMP CHARLES B. KENNEDY WILLIAM M. KENNEDY NICHOLAS A. KENNEL BRENT A. KERNS BRENT R. KESTER PATRICK S. KEUTMANN LARENZO S. KEY RYAN M. KIGGINS CHEHUN KIM YONGMIN KIM TROY F. KINCHEN JOSHUA M. KING KRISTA M. KING MARISA J. KING MATTHEW P. KING RICHARD P. KING IV TRAVIS J. KING BRIAN A. KINGCADE CECELIA P. KINNEY KYLE M. KINNEY COLBY D. KINSEL LINDSEY A. KINSINGER ALEXANDER S. KIPP ANDREW W. KIRK DEREK K. KIRKWOOD RICHARD M. KIRWAN WILLIAM R. KISER ERIC D. KITAIF STEVEN E. KITNER CONNOR P. KLEIN KYLE A. KLEIN DANIEL L. KLEPPER ADAM M. KLING ROBERT C. KLINGENSMITH JUSTIN J. KLUK MICHAEL W. KNAPP BROOKLYNN A. KNIGHT JAMES M. KNIGHT BARRY E. KNOBLOCK DAVID K. KNUTZEN PETER N. KOBER KARL H. KOCH ANDREW M. KOCHMAN CAMERON K. KOEHLER MATTHEW L. KOHLES DAMIEN P. KOOLIS THOMAS P. KOPIETZ KATHERINE A. KORDECKI HANNAH J. KOSIROG JASON K. KOTLEWSKI DOUGLAS J. KOTTRABA ZACHARIAH S. KOVARIK KEVIN M. KOWALCHUK MICHAEL J. KRACHT ERICH C. KRAMER SHANNON N. KRANICH NIKOLAUS J. KRAUSE MICHAEL A. KRAVITZ MICHAEL P. KRETSER DANIEL A. KRIEVS NICHOLAS M. KRIZ BRIAN G. KROEGER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.033 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4815 June 28, 2018 
BRYON J. KROGER ALEX B. KROLL RUSSELL P. KRONES JUSTIN T. KRULL LAUREN K. KRUSE MATTHEW J. KUBIK GARRETT B. KUHLS JULIANN E. KUHN JUSTIN D. KULM SCOTT E. KUMPULA JAMES C. KUNDERT JOSEPH R. KUZAN, JR. ROLAND R. LA FRANCE, JR. STEPHEN A. LABIT JOHN J. LABOULIERE JOHN J. LACHIEWICZ FRANKLIN P. LADSON, JR. DAVID R. LAINE RASHID O. LAMB ANTHONY T. LAMBERT ISAAC M. LANDECKER ERIK A. LANDERS JESSICA L. LANDGRAF KENNETH J. LANDGRAF RICHARD J. LANDSVERK MICHAEL T. LANEY MICHAEL W. LANGDON TOR J. LANGEHAUG JOHN K. LANGLEY DUANE O. LANKFORD NICHOLAS A. LANKFORD JAIME O. LARIOSBARBOSA DAVID G. LARSON MATTHEW J. LARSON KARLA M. LASCOT ADAM J. LATAPIE KATHLEEN I. LAU JONATHAN B. LAUGHRUN ADRIAN V. LAW ANDREW W. LAWLER JORDAN R. LAWRENCE JUSTIN E. LAWSON ALEKSANDER C. LAYNE KATIE E. LEACH PATRICK J. LEAHY BRIAN J. LEBER DANIEL A. LEBLANC JUSTIN K. LECHNER SCOTT D. LECHNER CORY A. LECKRONE JUSTIN T. LEDVINA ANDREW C. LEE JOHN W. LEE JUSTIN P. LEE SPENSER D. LEE STEVEN C. LEEMON JAMES J. LEENMAN PETER O. LEESTMA JONATHAN S. LEETCH KEITH A. LEFEVRE THOMAS G. LEINEWEBER JEFFREY A. LEMBRICK ANDREW J. LENELL MICHAEL J. LENGYEL MARK R. LEPCZYK BRETT R. LESSER ISAAC J. LEUNG BRANDON A. LEVESQUE VINCENT J. LEVRAEA ANDREW C. LEVY ALLEN D. LEWIS CHRISTIAN M. LEWIS CHRISTOPHER M. LEWIS CODY T. LEWIS DONALD J. LEWIS MAVERICK W. LEWIS SHARON L. M. LI THOMAS C. LIDE LEVI J. LIMAS WYETH LINDEKE JOSEPH D. LINDQUIST ANDREW J. LINGENFELTER MICHAEL J. LINTZ RUSSELL A. LIPOFF ERIC W. LIPP JEFFREY T. LIPPERT CAREY F. LIPSCOMB NATHAN S. LIPTAK DAVID M. LISTON RYAN M. LITTLE SHAUN A. LITTLE JASON J. LO JOSHUA C. LOCKE MASON L. LOCKE AISHA L. LOCKETT COLIN R. LOCKHART JAMES M. LODGE, JR. RICHARD P. LOESCH KRISTOPHER H. LOEWECKE RUSSELL J. LOGAN CHRISTOPHER O. LOGSDON ANDREW W. LONG JOHN H. LONG PATRICK J. LOOBY JESUS LOPEZ, JR. JESSICA L. LORD JUSTIN C. LOWE MATTHEW R. LOWE RYAN W. LOWENSTEIN JACOB R. LOWRIE NATHANIEL C. LOYD KEIL M. LUBER BRANDON R. LUBLIN BRENT A. LUDDINGTON ERIC W. LUM KYLE M. LUNDBERG CHRISTIAN J. LUNDIN JOHN E. LUPO STEPHEN A. LUPO MATTHEW P. LUVERA BRIAN C. LYDY BRANDEN M. LYNAM KATHRYN D. LYONS MATTHEW R. MACDONALD STEPHEN A. MACDONALD STEVEN D. MACK DAVID D. MACKINTOSH JOHN E. MADSEN KEITH S. MADSEN KYLE F. MAEGER JAMES R. MAHAN JONATHAN G. MAHAN CHRISTOPHER D. MAHER STEPHEN D. MAKSIM MALLORY A. MALDA ANGELINA M. MALDONADO LUIS MALDONADO KELLY A. MANGANO MICHAEL L. MANGANO JOSHUA G. MANN TYLER B. MANN OMAR M. MANNING ROBERT C. MANNING MARK M. MANSHIP TRAVIS J. MANTER CHRISTOPHER L. MANTLE SHANE R. MANUEL JULIAN S. MAPP BRANDON M. MARCHEK SHAFFI R. MARK JOSEPH D. MARKOFF STEVEN D. MARKS JEFFREY A. MARSHALL KEITH C. MARSHALL SEAN R. MARSHALL VINCENT E. MARSHALL MATTHEW J. MARTENSON CHRISTOPHER A. MARTI BRENDA S. MARTIN CLAYTON A. MARTIN DANIEL M. MARTIN RICHARD M. MARTIN LAURA K. MARTINEAU GENELLE M. MARTINEZ MICHAEL E. MARTINEZ JOSHUA S. MARTZ SID B. MARU JARED R. MARVIN RYAN M. MARVIN JACKSON W. MASON JUSTIN K. MASON LYKA L. MASON ERIC R. MAST SARAH R. MAST CASEY N. MASTERS MIYA E. MATA MAURITIANA W. MATSUDA ANDREW P. MATTHEWS JENNIFER M. MATTHEWS SHAWNA A. MATTHYS CARLOS M. MATURANA KEVIN S. MAUER CHAD A. MAURICE MICHAEL D. MAURO AMANDA J. MAY ANDREA L. MAY ROSE E. MAY SEAN A. MAY DUSTIN D. MAYES RUSSELL D. MAYNARD ROBERT K. MAYO SCOTT C. MAYO MICHAEL P. MAYOR FRANKLIN D. MAYS WAYLON V. MAYS IAN F. MAZERSKI ANDREW S. MAZZARELLI BRETT C. MCAULIFF VICTORIA A. MCBRIDE SAMUEL J. MCCABE MATTHEW W. MCCALLUM NATHAN C. MCCASKEY BOSTON MCCLAIN III AMANDA L. MCCLEARY LILA C. MCCLINTOC ADAM J. MCCLISH BRANDON T. MCCLUNG KYLE B. MCCLURE MARK A. MCCOLLOUGH CHRISTOPHER J. MCCOLLUM BENJAMIN J. MCCORKLE MATTHEW M. MCCORMACK ERIN M. MCCORMICK KELLY M. MCCORMICK MICHAEL E. MCCORMICK KYLE S. MCCRACKEN KYLE I. MCCULLOUGH ANDREW J. MCCUNE JAES K. MCDANIEL RICHARD F. MCDANIEL JAMES R. MCDAVITT TED J. MCDEVITT CHASE P. MCFARLAND KALE L. MCGINNIS PATRICK S. MCGREW RYAN M. MCGUIRE MITCHELL B. MCKENNEY CHARNEICE K. MCKENZIE MELISSA A. MCLAIN DANIEL J. MCLAUGHLIN BRIAN A. MCLELLAND DAVID F. MCMAHON TYLER R. MCMILLIAN MILES C. MCMULLAN BRADLEY J. MCNAMARA JOSEPH M. MCNAMARA JEREMY D. MCNATT EVAN P. MCNEAL EVAN D. MCNICHOLS JOSHUA A. MCREYNOLDS MICHAEL J. MCVAY ANTHONY G. MEADOWS ELKIN MEDINA HEATHER M. MEGEE SERGIO C. MELARA JOSEPH J. MELLONE RUBEN E. MENDEZ JOHN E. MENEZES CORY J. MENSEN CAMI L. MERCADO JOSEPH M. MERCURIO WESLEY D. MEREDITH DANA L. MERRILL BRIAN P. MERRITT JENNIFER L. MESSINGER TYLER R. METZ ANDREW D. METZGER ANDREW J. METZGER JOSHUA A. METZGER KIMBERLY F. MEVERS GARRETT E. MEYER GARY J. MEYER SAMUEL J. MEYER THOMAS D. MEYER ERIC C. MICHAEL ROBERT A. MICHAEL JOSEPH N. MIGLIACCIO ANDREW E. MILLER DANIEL C. MILLER DAVID J. MILLER DAYTON J. MILLER DEBRA S. MILLER DREW L. MILLER ERIC M. MILLER JAMES B. MILLER JAMES E. MILLER JAMES W. MILLER JEREMY J. MILLER JOSEPH W. MILLER JUSTIN A. MILLER LINCOLN K. MILLER STEVEN L. MILLER TRAVIS J. MILLER SCOTT R. MILLS DEAN E. MILNER JAMES F. MILTENBERG EDWIN J. MILTENBERGER JOSE L. MIRANDA, JR. DANIEL E. MITCHELL ROBERT C. MITCHELL SCOTT A. MITCHELL WALTER A. MITCHELL WILLIAM L. MOAK ELIZABETH L. MOBLEY ROBERT J. MOBLEY NATHANIEL A. MOCALIS MATTHEW P. MOERBE TRAVIS M. MONGEON ANDREW G. MONKS AMANDA M. MONTAGUE KENNETH S. MONTAGUE RUDY J. MONTEAGUT ISAIAH L. MONTEMAYOR TURNER J. MONTGOMERY DANIEL I. MONTILLA BRANDON A. MONTOYA DANIEL A. MONTVILLE ADAM C. MOODY JEREMY T. MOON PRESTON P. MOON MEGAN E. MOONEY ALEXANDER J. MOORE CRAIG D. MOORE JOHN J. MOORE JOSHUA D. MOORE MICHAEL A. MOORE SEMIRA S. MOORE CLARK J. MORGAN DAVID L. MORGAN SEAN J. MORGAN SKYLAR D. MORGAN DANIEL J. MORITZ ANDREW C. MORRIS KERI L. MORRIS MICHAEL D. MORRIS WADE F. MORRIS CHRISTOPHER G. MORSE SHALER J. MORTENSEN NICHOLAS J. MORTIMER DEREK T. MOSER JESSE M. MOULTON PATRICK C. MOUNT RYAN N. MUDRY JULIO W. MUECKAY BRIAN C. MUELLER THOMAS A. MUELLER ANDREW J. MUENCH NATHAN A. MULHOLLAND ERIK S. MULKEY WILLIAM L. MULLAN RANDALL D. MULLEN MARK P. MULLER ROBERT J. MULLER KEVIN B. MULLIGAN MELVIN E. MURPHREY III CALEB S. MURPHY JANICE A. MURRAY JUSTIN S. MURRAY CHRISTOPHER R. MURRI JONATHAN D. MUSE BRYAN E. MUSSLER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.036 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4816 June 28, 2018 
RICHARD J. MUTARI, JR. DANIEL S. MYERS JASON L. MYL JASON L. NAAKTGEBOREN NATHANIEL P. NABER JUSTIN M. NADAL JOHN E. NAGY, JR. BEN T. NAIL BRACK T. NALL, JR. JOSEPH R. NANGLE SARAH M. NARRAWAY JOSEPH M. NASH WILLIAM R. NEAL DUSTIN A. NEDOLAST DYLAN J. NEIDORFF TRAVIS J. NEIHEISEL PETER E. NELSEN CODY J. NELSON BRITT R. NEMETH JOHN J. NERWINSKI TIMOTHY J. NESBITT CHRISTOPHER L. NETTLES COLLIN C. NEU ANDREW E. NEUBAUER GRIFFIN E. NEVITT KASEY E. NEWCOMER DAVID A. NEWMAN JOSEPH W. NEWMAN JOSHUA C. NEWMAN ANH VU N. NGUYEN THAI H. NGUYEN VINH D. NGUYEN JAMES A. NICHOLAS RYAN J. NICHOLS STEPHEN O. NICHOLS VICTORIA E. NICHOLSON MISTI L. NICKEL CHRISTOPHER M. NICKLAS MICHAEL T. NIZZI CLIFTON M. NOBLE GABRIELLE Z. NOCE IAN A. NOEL DUSTIN A. NORDMAN KYLE A. NORRIS REBECKA J. NORTHERN DANIEL F. NORTON RICHARD J. NOVA RUDY L. NOVAK DAVID W. NUGENT OSCAR NUNEZ, JR. JOHN H. NUSSBAUM ALEX B. NUTTING BENJAMIN W. OATLEY RYAN A. OBRIEN TIMOTHY D. OBRIEN CHRISTINE E. OCONNELL DANIEL M. ODONOHOE MATTHEW J. OETKEN KEITH G. OFALLON GERALD A. OFARRELL CHARLES J. OGONOWSKI JOSEPH C. OLETTI MAXIM OLIVINE GARY J. OLKOWSKI TYLER K. OLMSTEAD FREDERICK J. OLSEN ANDREW S. OLSON PHILIP D. OLSON GORDON A. OMEARA ROBERT J. OMEARA PATRICK J. ONEIL KEVIN C. ONEILL KEVIN J. ONEILL DAVID K. OPERCHAL NATHANIEL P. OPIE JOSHUA D. OREDSON JAMES C. OREND ROBIN M. ORR FERNANDO ORTEGA ANTHONY H. ORTIZ SEBASTIAN F. ORTIZ AARON J. OSBORNE ANTHONY T. OSHEA EAMONN D. OSHEA SHAWN S. OSTBY BENJAMIN F. OSTER CHARLES M. OSTERHOUT DANIEL J. OSULLIVAN PATRICK J. OSULLIVAN GREGORY C. OSWALD RONALD K. OSWALT NATHAN T. OTT STEPHEN G. OTT ADAM M. OTTEN JAMES B. OUTLAND LADARIAN C. OUTSEY AARON M. OWENS JOSEPH R. OWENS MICHAEL S. OWENS CURTIS W. PACLEB SAMUEL D. PAGE MATTHEW M. PALANDECH JASON A. PALLO LILLIANNE T. PALLO BRANDON P. PALMER BRIAN O. PALMER EVERETT B. PALMER IV TRENTON R. PALMER RHEESA A. PALUAY JOSHUA M. PALUCH FRANK J. PANEBIANCO ALEXANDER F. PAPPALARDO DUKMIN J. PARK ELISA A. PARK MICHAEL B. PARK DANIEL E. PARKER JAPHETH E. PARKER ROBERTA J. PARKER SAMANTHA U. PARKER WESLEY M. PARKER MICHAEL J. PARRISH RYAN C. PARRISH AARON A. PARSONS DAVID K. PARSONS TONY D. PARSRAM PAUL L. PASKELL BRANDON A. PASTERSKI KAVIR H. PATEL VISHAL K. PATEL BERNARD L. PATENAUDE QUAN J. PATTEN BRANDON C. PATTERSON CHRISTOPHER E. PATTON MICHAEL C. PAUL CHRISTOPHER A. PAULY DANIEL G. PAYNE II JACQUELEAN M. PAYNE JEFFREY R. PAYNE LANCE B. PEAK KYLE D. PEARCE BRIAN L. PEARSON MARCIANNA J. PEASE JEFFREY M. PECORA ERIC J. PEDERSON JUSTIN T. PEDONE MARCUS J. PEDUZZI BRADY W. PEIRANO ANGELO PELLIGRINI ZACHARY T. PENDLETON JEREMY S. PEPIN ADAM K. PEREIRA CHLOE A. PEREZ DIANE PEREZ RYAN A. PERHALA RANDY W. PERKINS MICHAEL J. PEROLIO CODY W. PERRY DOMINIC A. PERRY FRANK W. PERRY, JR. SEAN D. PERRY TYLER C. PERRY ADAM C. PETERSON ADAM K. PETERSON BRIAN A. PETERSON JASON W. PETERSON MELISSA M. PETERSON MICHAEL D. PETERSON GREGORY R. PETSCHAUER CHRISTOPHER M. PEZZINI MATTHEW M. PFARR ANHMINH PHAM JUSTIN M. PHELPS DAVID M. PHILIPP MICHAEL A. PHILLIPICH DAYLAN A. PHILLIPS ERIC M. PHILLIPS JOSEPH S. PHILLIPS PRESTON E. PHILLIPS TIMOTHY G. PHILLIPS ZACHARY A. PHILLIPS STEVEN J. PIASTA JONATHAN E. PIEKARCZYK TIMIKA N. PIERCE TROY L. PIERCE, JR. WILLIAM C. PIERCE CHRISTOPHER W. PIERCY JARRETT D. PIESKE CARI M. PIHA IVAN O. PINDERBEY LAURENCE Y. PINEDA MATTHEW L. PINEDA RYAN J. PINNER JUANCARLOS A. PINO BRANDON G. PINTO ALAN D. PIPPIN BRIAN W. PITMAN CAMERON J. PITOU DANIEL O. PITTNER JOSEPH A. PLACE DAVID L. PLACHNO MARK S. PLEIS, JR. JUSTIN L. PLETCHER HAYDEN R. POE WILLIAM F. POESCHL BRETT A. POLAGE JOSHUA R. POLK NORMAN D. POPP CHRISTOPHER M. PORTER JARED D. PORTER ORSON S. PORTER VICTORIA B. PORTO SCOTT S. PORTUE HECTOR POSADA BRUNO BENJAMIN R. POWELL GLENN A. POWER JAMES E. POWERS MICHAEL E. POWERS JONATHAN R. POYSER JESSE M. PRATER EDWIN C. PRATT JESSICA M. PRATT MARK R. PRATT SCOTT M. PRATT JASON G. PRAVITZ ADAM J. PRAZAK ERIC F. PRECHTL ALYSSA M. PREMUS DANIEL H. PRESCOTT JERRY PRIBYL SCOTT S. PRIDE AMBERLY L. PRILL RAYMOND J. PRIMMER JOHN D. PRINCE MICHAEL E. PROBASCO JOSEPH R. PROHASKA ERIC B. PROSSER CHRISTOPHER E. PROTOS DAVID J. PUCHALLA MARK E. PUFFENBARGER KELVIN PUK EMILY A. PURCELL ISAAC B. PUTNAM TONI L. PYATOK HOUSTON W. PYE MATTHEW PYLYPCIW MATTHEW R. QUAN NATALIE M. QUINN JOSE QUINTANILLA DEREK J. RAABE JUSTIN M. RAABE JAMES T. RADFORD JOSHUA D. RADFORD ANDREW W. RADLOFF KENNETH E. RAGSDALE WILLIAM M. RAINE DARRON M. RAINES MICHAEL T. RAINES JULIE E. RAINWATERS KYLE D. RAINWATERS BRIAN S. RAIRDON JOSEPH J. RAISNER TIMOTHY M. RAK KELLY L. RALSTON RYAN M. RAMIREZ ELIZABETH K. RAMOSO KYLE S. RAMSEY JEFFREY G. RANDOLPH BREANNA M. RANEY CHAD E. RANEY ALLEN D. RATLIFF MARGARET S. RAWLS JULIE N. RAY NICHOLAS S. RAYL MICHAEL T. RAYNOR ANDREW E. RAYO ROBERT D. READ LUKE J. REARDON ADAM J. REARICK MICHAEL P. REDDING JOSHUA D. REDDIS KARMISHA J. REEB DAVID PAUL REED MICHAEL B. REEDER JEFFREY S. REES BRANDON M. REEVES MATTHEW K. REILLY JONATHAN B. REMBER KEVAN M. REMICK TYLER W. REMKUS MICHAEL R. RENNA MICHAEL A. RENOLAYAN GREGORY S. RETTLER CHRISTOPHER J. REUSSER KIMBERLY L. REXWINKEL ALEJANDRO REYES WILLIAM D. RICE JOHN B. RICHARD MITCHELL F. RICHARD ANTHONY D. RICHARDSON CHRISTOPHER D. RICHARDSON ANDREW J. RICHTER JOHN P. RICHWINE MATTHEW J. RILEY RAMIRO RIOS KADEN L. RIPINGILL MICHAEL J. RISTOM JOSHUA A. RITTENHOUSE HENRY C. RIVERA MICHAEL A. RIVERA KEVIN C. RIVERS JEREMIAH A. ROBBINS MATTHEW R. ROBBINS MICHAEL J. ROBBLEE ANDREW J. ROBERTS JEREMY S. ROBERTS JAMES W. ROBERTSON JODY E. ROBERTSON MAXIMILIAN ROBIDOUX NICOLE A. ROBILLARD AARON J. ROBINSON BRYAN A. ROCCO JONATHAN K. RODGERS ANTHONY N. RODRIGUEZ CYNTHIA J. RODRIGUEZ EMILIO H. RODRIGUEZ LISA M. RODRIGUEZ OSVALDO RODRIGUEZ THOMAS F. RODRIGUEZ RANDY C. ROGERS ROBIN C. ROGERS DANIELLE M. ROGOWSKI MATTHEW D. ROHLMAN STEVEN M. ROHMILLER PATRICK T. ROKS MATTHEW T. ROLAND ALEXANDER W. ROMAN DANIEL R. ROMERO NICHOLAS C. ROMERO RICHARD A. ROMICK KURT M. ROMMEL LUKE A. ROONEY JOSHUA S. ROOSE DAVID A. ROSE PHILIP M. ROSE NATHANIEL J. ROSEVEARE ROBYN L. ROSS TIMM M. ROSS CARL D. ROSSINI III KEVIN ROTH KRISTA L. ROTH SHAWN A. ROUSSEAU 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.038 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4817 June 28, 2018 
ALEXANDER K. ROWTON CONRAD R. RUIZ JOHN D. RULIEN ROBERT K. RUNSHE, JR. FRANCIS E. RUPERT BENDEL S. RUSHING MATTHEW H. RUSSEL RYAN H. RUTHERFORD LAURA E. RYAN MICHAEL H. RYAN MILES H. RYAN MATTHEW R. SAAR BRIAN J. SAARI JACOB D. SABIN ORYAN A. SAGUN RALPH W. SALAZAR THOMAS R. SALLENGER II JESSE W. SALMON MICHAEL W. SALTZMAN GILBERTO SAMBOLIN PEREZ HARRIZON B. SANCHEZ LUKE C. SANDBECKMORIARTY MICHAEL B. SANDERS TERICKA S. SANDERS JESSE N. SANDSTROM LUIS O. SANTIAGO ANTHONY L. SANTOSUS ALEXIA R. SARE JAMES A. SARVER MARIO A. SAUCEDA GREGORY C. SAUDER ZACHARY L. SAUERMAN PATRICK B. SAUNCY DANIELLE R. SAUNDERS KHALISHA SAVAGE ALTAY SAVRUN JERAD K. SAYLER KRISTA M. SCHAEFFER MEGAN A. SCHAFFER RICHARD K. SCHANDA DANIEL J. SCHELKOPH ADDISON W. SCHENK ELIZABETH M. SCHERRER JEFFREY K. SCHIELD ASHLEY J. SCHIRNER ROBERT J. SCHLAGEL NICHOLAS R. SCHLAGHECK BRANDON C. SCHMIDT PAUL A. SCHMIDT CHARLES H. SCHOEN CHARLES E. J. SCHOLFIELD JACOB A. SCHONIG JOHN P. SCHRADER MARK B. SCHRINER JOHN W. SCHROEDER KURTIS A. SCHUBECK MICHAEL A. SCHUBERT CHRISTOPHER S. SCHUETTE DANIEL F. SCHULTZ JOSHUA L. SCHULZE MICHAEL J. SCHUMACHER JEREMY L. SCHUSTER KYLE E. SCHWAB LINDSAY E. SCOTT MARK A. SCOTT MICHAEL C. SCOTT STEPHANIE D. SCOTT CHARMEEKA L. SCROGGINS JONATHAN D. SEAGLE HEATHER N. SEALOVER CHRISTOPHER R. SEAY DENNIS B. SEAY JONATHAN S. SEDLACEK KURT J. SEIDL ALEXANDER J. SEIFERT KYLE D. SELLNER KURTIS C. SEMANKO BRIAN A. SEYMOUR BRIANNE L. SEYMOUR ISRAEL S. SHANKEL KEVIN P. SHANNON SEAN D. SHAY PATRICK R. SHEEHAN JACK A. SHEPHERD III RICHARD D. SHEPHERD WESLEY A. SHEPPARD, JR. KENJI J. SHINODA REID R. SHINTAKU DAVID M. SHIPMAN JOSHUA L. SHORT CARLTON G. SHREVE TIMOTHY J. SHUCK ZACHARY B. SHULER DANIEL M. SICKLES JORDAN L. SIEFKES DANIEL G. SIEMEN LARRY J. SIGMAN KOREY J. SILKNITTER FRANCISCO E. SILVA JUSTIN LEE SILVA ANGELICA R. SILVA GARZA WILLIANA V. SIMMONS DAVID M. SIMON FRANK Z. SIMON CHRISTOPHER J. SIMPSON MICHAEL J. SIMPSON HENRY L. SIMS, JR. ZACHERY B. SINGER CODY R. SINGLETARY ANDREW E. SINGLETON JOSHUA B. SINKLER RYAN D. SIVERTSEN TIMOTHY J. SIX RENEA M. SKELTON SHAUN M. SKORLICH DANE PAUL SKOUSEN DYLAN THOMAS SLAGLE DOUGLAS J. SLATER, JR. RICHARD A. SLATER WILLIAM J. SLATER DAVID A. SLEASMAN RYAN D. SLEETER SEAN M. SLETTEN BENN W. SLIKKER MATTHEW J. SLOANE MICHAEL D. SLOTTEN ANDREW J. SMALL CARRIE M. SMART ALEXANDER P. SMITH ANDREW M. SMITH BRENNON J. SMITH BRENT A. SMITH CLARK W. SMITH DANIEL R. SMITH DANIEL T. SMITH ELLIOT T. SMITH JERED M. SMITH JILLIAN L. SMITH MARK A. SMITH MATTHEW C. SMITH MICHEAL W. SMITH NATHAN C. SMITH NATHAN R. SMITH ROBERT C. SMITH ROBERT J. SMITH RUSSELL C. SMITH STEVEN Z. SMITH THOMAS A. SMITH MICHELLE SNOW DURHAM J. SNUFFIN ALAN J. SNYDER MATTHEW J. SOBEY BENJAMIN D. SOIFER JOSHUA P. J. SOLLEE BENJAMIN J. SONG SOLOMON Y. SONYA RALPH A. SOTO BRYN E. SOWA CHRISTOPHER A. SPACH MICHAEL M. SPANOGLE CHRISTOPHER M. SPARKES MATTHEW C. SPARTA BLAINE J. SPEAR LANCE J. SPEED DANIEL P. SPENCER JUSTIN P. SPENCER JASON T. SPICER NATHAN T. SPIERO SARAH A. SPIES JOSEPH D. SPITZ MATTHEW W. SPOMER SANDRA E. SPOON RYAN S. SPRINGER WILLIAM W. SPURLING BENTON P. STAAB II GREGORY A. STAFFORD MATTHEW S. STALFORD DANIEL J. STANCIN KENNETH C. STANFORD NICOLE J. STANLEY BRYON A. STARK KENNETH D. STARKS III ANDREW A. STATON CORY A. STAUDINGER ANDREW K. STAUFFER RYAN J. STEC MATTHEW W. STEELE JOSEPH M. STEFFES JOHN R. STEINER JESSICA M. STEINHOFF COREY A. STEINKOENIG DAVID H. STEINOUR FREDDIE L. STEPHENS II ROBERT A. STEPHENSEN DAVID S. STERNBERG LARRY D. STEVENS, JR. BLAINE L. STEWART KRISTINA D. STEWART PATRICK D. STEWART STEVEN D. STEWART HEATHER M. STICKNEY JASON R. STICKNEY JOSHUA J. STILL MUSETTE M. STINNETT JEREMY M. STOBER JOSHUA B. STOCKHAM MATTHEW A. STOEBNER CHAD WAYNE STOLL RAYMOND T. STONE JUSTIN J. STORM KYLE L. STOVER JAMES M. STRANGE GARRETT L. STRASSLER KYLE V. STRATHMAN PRZEMYSLAW STREKOWSKI WILLIAM D. STRELKE JENNIFER L. STRETCH CLAYTON S. STRICKLAND GENE T. STRICKLAND SARAH B. STRICKLAND DANIEL J. STRISHOCK WALTER B. STUDLEY JETHA L. STUGER KENNETH J. STURGIS ALTON N. STYRON DARSHAN R. SUBRAMANIAN ADAM J. SUGALSKI BRANDON M. SULLIVAN ERIC R. SULLIVAN JESSE L. SULLIVAN SEAN M. SULLIVAN KYLE S. SULTEMEIER LACEY M. SUPINGER DANIEL M. SURRENCY STEPHEN J. SUTARA III TONY R. SUTPHIN BRADLEY E. SUTTON DOUGLAS P. SUTTON MATTHEW L. SUTTON ERIK L. SVENDSEN ASHLEY L. SWANSIGER CODY J. SWEATT KEVIN M. SWEET THOMAS M. SYNOVEC JOSEPH J. SYSKO JONATHAN R. SZUL TIFFANY M. SZUMILA EDWARD A. TABBUTT PELENATO TAGOAI ERIC R. TALBOT TAYLOR M. TALLY ALESSANDRO L. TAMAYO, JR. RYAN E. TAMEZ YANCY Y. TANG RYLAN P. TANNER EDWARD L. TARALA, JR. JUSTIN M. TARR KIMBERLY M. TAT CHRISTOPHER S. TAYLOR DAVIEN G. TAYLOR JARED B. TAYLOR JARED T. TAYLOR JASON R. TAYLOR LIAM R. TAYLOR RUSNEISHA L. TAYLOR STEPHANIE D. TAYLOR ANDREW L. TEAGUE MATTHEW T. TEGELER CHRISTOPHER S. TEGTMEYER STEPHEN J. TELANO RYAN J. TELL ALISHA R. TEMPLES MERCY S. TEO KAZ I. TEOPE FRANK J. TERRANOVA CAROLINE J. TETRICK DERRICK G. TETZMAN TIMOTHY A. THACKABERRY ASHLEY A. THOMAS DENZIL R. THOMAS III ERIC J. THOMAS HAWKINS B. THOMAS II JACOB M. THOMAS JASON W. THOMAS JOSHUA C. THOMAS MATTHEW G. THOMAS RONNIE L. THOMAS FLEMING R. THOMPSON HOLLY K. THOMPSON JEREMY A. THOMPSON SEAN E. THOMPSON ZACHARY E. THOMPSON NATHAN J. THOMSEN DAVID L. THOMSON JARRAD F. THORLEY MARK R. THORLEY JUSTIN R. THORNTON AMANDA L. THORSEN KYLE R. THURMOND DAVID B. TILLER NATHAN F. TILTON PATRICK L. TIMS JOHN R. TINER EDWARD E. TISON AARON M. TISSOT JOHN D. TOBIN JOSHUA K. TOBITT MATTHEW R. TOLENTINO PAOLO C. TOLENTINO BENJAMIN F. TOLER JONATHAN C. TOLMAN JOSEPH R. TOMCZAK MEYLIANA H. TONGKO RAFAEL F. TORO QUINONES BENJAMIN A. TORRES FRANCISCO J. TORRES CHRISTOPHER J. TOTORICA JOEL M. TOURIGNY CHRISTOPHER Y. TOVAR BRYAN S. TOWNSEND MACLANE A. TOWNSEND TOSHIRO J. TOYAMA THOMAS J. TRADUP JESSICA R. TRAN ALEXANDRA L. TRANA SETH Q. TRAUTMAN JOSHUA C. TRAYERS JORDAN S. TRIBBLE DAVID A. TRONE HARRY J. TROSCH IV CHRISTOPHER B. TRUELOVE LEONARD D. TRUJILLO WESLEY C. TUBMAN JARED D. TUINSTRA CHRISTOPHER F. TULK BRETT F. TURNER JEFFREY E. TURNER, JR. ALEX E. TURTON ALEKSEY TYABUS BORI SITHA UM FORREST J. UNDERWOOD NICHOLAS S. UNDERWOOD CAMERON C. UNTERBERGER BRADY A. URBANOVSKY CHRISTOPHER J. URSINO CHRISTOPHER R. VAIL KELLY MACKEY VAIL MIGUEL F. H. VALENZUELA MIGUEL A. VALLEJO MICHAEL J. VALLONE ANDREW T. VAN HISE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.040 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4818 June 28, 2018 
CODY J. VANCISE ERIC M. VANDER WYST HEATHER A. F. VANDER WYST CHAD B. VANDERHORST MICHAEL J. VANDERLAAN JAMES R. VANDERNECK CODY A. VANDERPOL ALEXANDER W. VANE NICHOLAS T. VARNUM ALBERT R. VASSO ROBERT C. VASTA ALAN N. VAUGHN SCOTT A. VAUGHN FRANCISCO VAZQUEZ TIMOTHY H. VEDRA ANDREW Y. VEERATHANONGDECH NICOLAS A. VELATI DANIEL A. VELO JENNIFER M. VELO PHILIP M. VELTRE EDWIN VENTURA ANNAMARIA L. VESELY ASHLEY N. VETEK DAVID F. VILELA ANDREW N. VOGEL JOHN S. VOGEL CHRISTOPHER R. VON ALMEN KYLE W. VONNAHMEN JACOB L. WADDY CAHN J. WADHAMS JOSEPH B. WAECHTER MATHEW C. WAGGONER MICHAEL D. WAGNER RESHARD E. WAGSTAFF ARLEN B. WALKER BENJAMIN R. WALKER DAVID L. WALKER DIAUNDRA N. WALKER JEREMY A. WALKER KRIS D. WALKER RANDY R. WALKER MICAH A. WALLER ALEX M. WALLIS CLINTON T. WALLS CHRISTOPHER D. WALSH WESLEY M. WALSH SANDIETTA S. WALTER JIMI WANG STEVEN S. WANG TIMMY T. WANG DANIEL S. WANGELIN BRADLEY S. WARD SCOTT R. WARD PATRICK H. WARFEL AARON M. WARREN CHRISTOPHER A. WARREN NICHOLAS W. WARREN ANDREW W. WASHER JONATHAN L. WATFORD LASHAUN M. WATKINS CHERILYN J. WATLER SPEIGHT JASON P. WATSON SHANE D. WATTS CHRISTOPHER T. WATZ JUSTIN C. WEAVER ALEXANDER L. WEBB DANIEL J. WEBER CHASE M. WEBSTER CHRISTOPHER R. WEED TYLER C. WEEKS BRIAN L. WEHRY JUSTIN M. WEILER SARA E. WEIMAR ALEXANDER I. WEINER LEAH K. WEIS JOSHUA R. WELCH ERIC M. WELLS FELICIA R. WELLS RICHARD A. WELLS SCOTT K. WELSHINGER JOSHUA R. WENTA NIKITA C. WERLING ANDREW L. WEST ADAM J. WESTCOTT WILLIAM L. WESTCOTT, JR. KATHLEEN J. WESTRICK SEAN T. WESTRICK BRENDEN A. WETZBARGER CHRISTOPHER P. WEYERS LUKE E. WEYHMULLER AMANDA R. WHALEN DANIEL P. WHALEN HARVEY M. WHITE JESSE D. WHITE JONATHAN B. WHITE ROMEO P. WHITE RYAN C. WHITEHEAD PAUL B. WHITTAKER TRAVIS J. WHITTEMORE TRAVIS J. WHITTON MATTHEW E. WICHMANN TRAVIS C. WIDMAN TIMOTHY K. WILDE SPENCER H. WILE CHRISTOPHER M. WILINSKI PHILLIP A. WILKERSON JOSHUA P. WILKERSONBIENICK ABIGAIL M. WILKINS KENNETH D. WILKINS MATTHEW D. WILLEY ALEXANDRA WILLIAMS BRIAN P. WILLIAMS DONALD WILLIAMS ELLEN M. WILLIAMS JAMES A. WILLIAMS JASON B. WILLIAMS, JR. JOSEPH L. WILLIAMS KEITH B. WILLIAMS MATTHEW S. WILLIAMS MCKAY D. WILLIAMS MICHELLE Y. WILLIAMS ZACHARY L. WILLIAMS DOMINIQUE D. WILLIS ABEL B. WILSON KARL A. WILSON LAWRENCE M. WILSON LAYNE W. WILSON LINDSAY K. WILSON MARK A. WILSON PHILLIP W. WILSON SEAN S. WILSON SHARI E. WILSON CODY J. WILTON ZACHARY A. WINDHORST BRANDON J. WINGERT CORRY A. WINSLOW TIMOTHY M. WINTCH JEFFREY M. WINTER DALE L. WINTERS CHRISTY M. WISE CHRISTOPHER C. WITTWER ROSS W. WOHLFAHRT CLARK L. WOLFE KRISTEN J. WOLVERTON ARMAND WONG JONATHAN R. WOOD MAX WOOD SHAWN WOODALL, JR. DIONDRA R. WOODERT PHILLIP J. WOODHULL ROBERT WOODS MARK D. WRAY DALLAS M. WRIGHT GREGORY A. WYMAN REBECCA L. WYNN ALEXANDRE P. WYRICK RONI YADLIN EDWARD E. YANG JOHN A. YATES JONATHAN M. YATES ASHLEE M. YEHLE TODD M. YEHLE CATHRYN J. YERAGE EDWARD L. YERAGE WILLIAM T. YETMAN NICHOLAS Y. YEUNG STUART V. YODER ANDREW N. YORK ALBERT C. YOUNG ALEXANDER L. YOUNG JOSHUA B. YOUNG OYUNCHIMEG YOUNG STEPHANIE C. YSEBAERT MARK K. ZAKNER LEE M. ZANIEWSKI JOSHUA J. ZATTLER DAVID S. ZEIGLER PAUL B. ZEIGLER JESSICA M. ZEMBEK PETER T. ZEVETCHIN RAYMOND P. ZHANG CAROLYN F. ZIAJA SARAH E. ZIAJA DREW M. ZIMMER NICOLAS H. ZIMMERMAN JAMIE T. ZIMMERMANN CELINE M. ZIOBRO MATTHEW S. ZIPPER JOSEPH R. ZUJUS STEVEN D. ZUMWALDE CARL A. ZUNKER ISAIAH S. ZYDUCK 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
BENJAMIN E. SOLOMON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
WILLIAM J. NELS 
To be major 
AARON J. FINLAY SANG M. LEE KELLIE A. WHITTLINGER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
VENDECK M. DAVIS 
To be major 
RYAN G. LAVOIE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
HARRY A. HORNBUCKLE MICHAEL J. KIMBALL 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
TRAVIS A. MONTPLAISIR THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ARIANA P. BENSUSAN 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate June 28, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
TARA SWEENEY, OF ALASKA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ROBIN S. BERNSTEIN, OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC. JOSEPH N. MONDELLO, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO. GORDON D. SONDLAND, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE EUROPEAN UNION, WITH THE RANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY. HARRY B. HARRIS, JR., OF FLORIDA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. RONALD GIDWITZ, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF BEL-GIUM. BRIAN A. NICHOLS, OF RHODE ISLAND, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CA-REER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE. TIBOR PETER NAGY, JR., OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (AFRICAN AFFAIRS). 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. PAUL A. FRIEDRICHS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MICHAEL T. MORAN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MARK H. BERRY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MARK J. MOURISKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. EILEEN H. LAUBACHER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ANN H. DUFF THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN W. KORKA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. NANCY S. LACORE CAPT. THEODORE P. LECLAIR CAPT. ERIC C. RUTTENBERG 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.042 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4819 June 28, 2018 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) MARY C. RIGGS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) ALAN D. BEAL REAR ADM. (LH) BRIAN S. HURLEY REAR ADM. (LH) ANDREW C. LENNON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ROBERT T. CLARK 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL F. FAHEY III BRIG. GEN. HELEN G. PRATT 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. SCOTT A. HOWELL 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. AUSTIN S. MILLER 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ERIC M. SMITH 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. RICHARD M. CLARK 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DARRYL A. WILLIAMS 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS STAFF JUDGE ADVOCATE TO THE COMMANDANT OF THE MARINE CORPS AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10 U.S.C., SECTION 5046: 
To be major general 
COL. DANIEL J. LECCE 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. CHARLES Q. BROWN, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. NARCISO CRUZ COL. MARK K. MIERA THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH F. JARRARD BRIG. GEN. TRACY R. NORRIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. LAUREL J. HUMMEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. TOMMY H. BAKER BRIG. GEN. GREGORY S. BOWEN BRIG. GEN. SCOTT A. CAMPBELL BRIG. GEN. JAMES D. CRAIG BRIG. GEN. GORDON L. ELLIS BRIG. GEN. JOHN M. EPPERLY BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY E. GOWEN BRIG. GEN. PAUL F. GRIFFIN BRIG. GEN. KENNETH S. HARA BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER F. LAWSON BRIG. GEN. JAMES E. PORTER, JR. BRIG. GEN. RAFAEL A. RIBAS BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY J. SHERIFF BRIG. GEN. THOMAS F. SPENCER BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL D. TURELLO BRIG. GEN. SUZANNE P. VARES–LUM BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM J. WALKER BRIG. GEN. RONALD A. WESTFALL THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MIGUEL AGUILAR COL. EUGENE S. ALKIRE COL. MARK J. BERGLUND COL. RONALD W. BURKETT II COL. ROBERT F. CHARLESWORTH COL. NICK DUCICH COL. ROBERT D. FERGUSON COL. ADAM R. FLASCH COL. KEVIN W. GALLAGHER COL. JOHN T. GENTRY, JR. COL. BRYAN J. GRENON COL. JOHN D. HAAS COL. EDWARD H. HALLENBECK COL. JOE D. HARGETT COL. ROBERT F. HEPNER, JR. COL. CHARLES G. KEMPER IV COL. STEVEN T. KING COL. MICHAEL J. LEENEY COL. ROY J. MACARAEG COL. JOANNE E. MACGREGOR COL. MARIE M. MAHONEY COL. SHAWN P. MANKE COL. JAMES G. MCCORMACK COL. MIGUEL A. MENDEZ COL. NEAL S. MITSUYOSHI COL. SHARON D. MOORE COL. MICHAEL J. OSTER COL. GREGORY C. PARKER COL. SCOTT T. PETRIK COL. JERRY F. PROCHASKA COL. JAVIER A. REINA COL. YESENIA R. ROQUE COL. LEO A. RYAN COL. MICHAEL J. SCHLORHOLTZ COL. SCOTT M. SHERMAN COL. TYLER B. SMITH COL. WALTER B. STUREK, JR. COL. JOHN F. TAYLOR, JR. COL. THOMAS E. VERN, JR. COL. DAMIAN K. WADDELL COL. ROBERT F. WEIR COL. KATHERINE E. WHITE COL. JAMES C. WILKINS COL. TIMOTHY J. WINSLOW 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 156: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. CHRISTOPHER C. FRENCH 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CARL E. MUNDY III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. LORETTA E. REYNOLDS IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. GIOVANNI K. TUCK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOSEPH T. GUASTELLA, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ROBERT G. CARRUTHERS III COL. QUVATOR R. GORE COL. ADAM L. ROBINSON COL. KEVIN L. VINES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STEPHEN M. RUTNER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) MARCUS A. HITCHCOCK 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN K. LOVE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN C. THOMSON III THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOSEPH R. BALDWIN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. WILLIAM P. PENNINGTON 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. THOMAS W. BERGESON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JAMES C. SLIFE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE NAVY AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5148: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JOHN G. HANNINK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.005 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4820 June 28, 2018 
WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JAMES J. MALLOY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. ANDREW L. LEWIS 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN M. JANSEN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF KOURTNI L. STARKEY, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF HERMANN F. HINZE, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOSEPH B. RYAN, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL FRANCIS ADAMITIS AND ENDING WITH LESLIE ANN ZYZDAMARTIN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 24, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BARBARA B. ACEVEDO AND ENDING WITH CHRISTY L. ZAHN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 24, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM P. MORSE AND ENDING WITH NICHOLAS M. STRELCHUK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WADE B. ADAIR AND ENDING WITH JAY W. VEEDER, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES D. ATHNOS AND ENDING WITH SARAH MONROE WHITSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 18, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JULIE LALEH ADAMS AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER THOM-AS ZONA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 18, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERIC T. ASHLEY AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL J. RYHN, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GILBERT AIDINIAN AND ENDING WITH D011955, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 6, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DIANE M. ARM-BRUSTER AND ENDING WITH LELAND T. SHEPHERD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DONALD C. BREWER III AND ENDING WITH CHARLES F. WALLACE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF JAMES D. SPENCER II, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER A. BASSETT AND ENDING WITH SCOTT E. BOYD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF JULIE A. CRAIG, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHARLES G. BLAKE, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF THOMAS A. URQUHART, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF PATRICIA YOUNG, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DIEGO L. BECERRA III AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL E. ZELLOUS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 24, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PATRICK M. ABELL AND ENDING WITH ALBERT F. YONKOVITZ, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 24, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GEORGE R. K. ACREE AND ENDING WITH ARTHUR E. ZEGERS IV, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 24, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MELISSA K. G. ADAMSKI AND ENDING WITH JAMES YI, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 24, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DENNIS R. BELL AND ENDING WITH BRETT J. TAYLOR, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 4, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH THEODORE W. CROY III AND ENDING WITH BILL A. SOLIZ, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 4, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH EDGAR G. AR-ROYO AND ENDING WITH G010491, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 4, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFFREY M. ALLERDING AND ENDING WITH VANESSA WORSHAM, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 4, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRIAN F. SAYLER, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM B. MURPHY AND ENDING WITH DAVID M. SOLORZANO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 4, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERIC N. HATCH AND ENDING WITH YANNICK N. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 4, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANTHONY HALL AND ENDING WITH CHRISTINA M. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 4, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL G. MOURITSEN, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID E. ROBERTS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF PETER R. PURRINGTON, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHAD K. BRINTON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER K. JAMES, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF TONY J. WOODRUFF, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JONATHAN M. FAUST AND ENDING WITH CARLOS M. POVENTUDESTRADA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RE-CEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 11, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRENDAN E. BELL AND ENDING WITH JAYLON L. WAITE, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 18, 2018. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DOUGLAS R. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH LAURI M. ZIKE, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 18, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF LESLIE M. LATIMORELORFILS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ANGEL M. SANCHEZ, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF FREDRICCO MCCURRY, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JIMMIE A. HILTON, JR., TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF BRETT M. MCCORMICK, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JONATHAN M. PICKUP, TO BE MAJOR. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN R. BUSH AND ENDING WITH HOLLY B. SHOGER, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERIK E. ANDER-SON AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW L. TARDY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRADFORD W. BAKER AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL P. OHARA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DERRICK E. BLACKSTON AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL G. WHEELER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID J. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH DAVID M. ZIELINSKI, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK R. ALEX-ANDER AND ENDING WITH ANDREW T. NEWSOME, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JILLENE M. BUSHNELL AND ENDING WITH MICAH A. WELTMER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ENID S. BRACKETT AND ENDING WITH JOSHUA P. TAYLOR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN E. GAY AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM H. SPEAKS, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FRANKLIN W. BENNETT AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW T. WILCOX, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CARVIN A. BROWN AND ENDING WITH MARK W. YATES, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER R. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH DAVID P. WOLYNSKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARC A. ARA-GON AND ENDING WITH ROBERT A. YEE, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DOUGLAS A. BECK AND ENDING WITH STEVEN W. TOPPEL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF ROBERT A. VITA, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DARIN E. MARVIN AND ENDING WITH ERIC E. PERCIVAL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN J. DOHERTY AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM ORTIZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF DAVID A. FORD, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD S. ARDOLINO AND ENDING WITH ANDREW C. SMITH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHERYL D. DANDREA AND ENDING WITH JOHN C. HAZLETT II, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD E. BOU-CHER AND ENDING WITH CINDY L. RHODES, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFFREY W. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH RICHARD B. WILDERMAN, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CLIFFORD J. ALLEN AND ENDING WITH ABRAHAM N. YOUNCE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK S. COL-LINS AND ENDING WITH THOMAS W. TREFNY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JONAS B. E. GIL AND ENDING WITH CHRISTIE M. RUSHING, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JONATHAN E. BUSH AND ENDING WITH JAMES C. WILTRAUT, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 15, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF MELISSA M. FORD, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF MATTHEW H. ROBINSON, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROBERT L. AN-DERSON II AND ENDING WITH DANIELLE M. WOOTEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF HAROLD C. BARNES, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL R. ALLEN AND ENDING WITH KIM T . ZABLAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JASON W. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH LAGENA K. G. YARBROUGH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL C. CHAN AND ENDING WITH NATHANIEL R. STRAUB, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PHILIP B. BAGROW AND ENDING WITH DAVID S. YANG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH HUGH BURKE AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER M. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ZACHARY M. ALEXANDER AND ENDING WITH MARK L. WOODBRIDGE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.007 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4821 June 28, 2018 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RENE J. ALOVA AND ENDING WITH STEPHEN S. YUNE, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 17, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF ADRAIN D. FELDER, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF ASHLEY D. GIBBS, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF REYNALDO A. JORNACION, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAY D. LUTZ AND ENDING WITH MARC F. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEROME R. CAYANGYANG AND ENDING WITH TIMOTHY J. LONEY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF DONNA M. JOHNSON, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KEVIN M. COR-CORAN AND ENDING WITH SUNG H. YI, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DEBRA A. BRENDLEY AND ENDING WITH CYNTHIA M. SCHWARTZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER C. BURRIS AND ENDING WITH JASON L. WEISSMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL R. BASSO AND ENDING WITH DONALD H. YAGER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVEN A. BLAUSTEIN AND ENDING WITH SONJA A. CARL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES G. COX AND ENDING WITH DARYL S. WONG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHFIELD F. AGULLANA AND ENDING WITH JERICHO B. TIMOG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SARAH E. AB-BOTT AND ENDING WITH JUSTIN R. WIESEN, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MATTHEW R. ARGENZIANO AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL A. WOODS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEANINE F. BEN-JAMIN AND ENDING WITH SAVANNA S. STEFFEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHARLES B. AB-BOTT AND ENDING WITH STEVEN ZIELECHOWSKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH HASAN ABDULMUTAKALLIM AND ENDING WITH STANLEY C. WARE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRADLEY H. ABRAMOWITZ AND ENDING WITH CORNELL A. WOODS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FRANCIS J. CARMODY III AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW N. WATTS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LUCAS G. BAR-LOW AND ENDING WITH CHRISTINA J. WONG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KATHARINE M. CEREZO AND ENDING WITH JOE M. VASQUEZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KEVIN J. ALTEMARA AND ENDING WITH JACOB E. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PATRICK A. BA-TISTE AND ENDING WITH ROBERT J. WRENN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 7, 2018. NAVY NOMINATION OF DOUGLASS R. WEISS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF LEROME S. SNAER, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF DANIEL J. RIZZO, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GEORGE EUGENE ADAIR AND ENDING WITH BRIAN J. MCKENNA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 10, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28JN6.009 S28JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE939 June 28, 2018 
CINCINNATI CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL 
HON. STEVE CHABOT 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Cincinnati Children’s Hospital on their remarkable achievement of being ranked the second-best children’s hospital in the na-tion and the best hospital to treat pediatric cancer and diseases affecting the digestive tract according to U.S. News and World Re-port. Over the past seven years, this hospital, lo-cated in my district, has consistently been rated third best overall in the nation. Their commitment to excellence is continually recog-nized across the country, and they have been a stalwart in the Cincinnati community for a long time. Not only do they provide world class care for their patients, but they also en-gage with the local community and throughout the region. Without a doubt, the hospital prioritizes the kids they treat and their families. To continue that mission, the hospital has recently started construction on a new clinical care building. I will continue to work with them to ensure that I am doing whatever I can to help them further succeed as they move for-ward. Again, I want to congratulate Cincinnati Chil-dren’s Hospital on this tremendous accom-plishment, and look forward to them becoming number one in the future. They make Cin-cinnati proud. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DEDICA-TION OF COLEMAN’S VETERANS MEMORIAL 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the dedication of a new veterans memorial in the Village of Coleman, Wis-consin. Found within Lillian’s Park, the ‘‘All Veterans Memorial’’ honors veterans from every branch who have served in wars on be-half of our country. We will never know all the sacrifices our veterans have made, however this memorial will stand in recognition of their service and honor their example. The ‘‘All Veterans Memorial’’ was made possible by the generous support of American Legion Post 280 and the Coleman community. The Kalbes-Seewald American Legion Post sold their legion hall last fall and dedicated the proceeds to the construction of a memorial for the veterans of our armed forces, as well as POWs/MIA. The Village of Coleman has also enthusiastically supported the project and con-tributed generously to its development. The ‘‘All Veterans Memorial’’ is a fine tribute to the men and women who have given so much to our country. I hope that every visitor to Lillian’s Park will pause beside the granite stone to remember our veterans—past, present, and future. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in com-mending American Legion Post 280 and the Village of Coleman as they dedicate this new monument. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF PLEASANT VALLEY BAPTIST CHURCH OF SALEM, MISSOURI 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pleasant Valley Baptist Church of Salem, Missouri on the occasion of its 150th Anniversary. The church was founded in 1868, when a small group met in southern Dent County at the home of J.F. Halbrook. The church began with 11 charter members and Rev. John A. Summers was selected as the first Pastor. The church continued meeting at the home of J.F. Halbrook during the early years. Later they moved to a log school house in the Miner community and in 1878, thanks to Mr. and Mrs. J.M. Orchard, the church moved to its present location in the Doss community. Today, the church has 308 members and is involved in local and nationwide missions. For continuing its work of proclaiming the Good News of Jesus Christ through 150 years of change and challenge, it is my great pleas-ure to honor Pleasant Valley Baptist Church today before the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
f 
HONORING FULTON CHAPTER NO. 35, ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR, ON THEIR 100TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Fulton Chapter No. 35, Order of the Eastern Star, on their 100th Anni-versary. On September 21, 1917 Chapter No. 35 was founded by first Worthy Matron Anna Christian and first Worthy Patron Howard B. Lang. While the chapter has roots in Fulton, the dedicated members live throughout Mis-souri and surrounding states. There were 22 original signers who saw the vision of what the Fulton Chapter No. 35 could become. These signers were: Lena Newkomm, Julia Ann Neal, Anna Christian, Charles H. Christian, Selena Loveng, Bertie Fay Jackson, J. Roy Jackson, Gertrude Clatterbuck, Edgar Clatterbuck, Norma Lang, Howard B. Lang, Gertrude M. Brown, Jella D. Brown, Doyle S. Brown, Lulu Beaven, Theodore Beaven, Marie Le Noir, William Meng, John R. Pratt, Harry H. McIntire, Alice Koontz, and Elmer L. Koontz. Currently, the Fulton Chapter No. 35 is 102 members strong. The members of this Masonry organization are dedicated men and women who consist-ently represent the spirit of fraternal love and the desire to work together to benefit mankind. Their hard work and charity is constantly felt by the community and dearly appreciated by the many lives they have and continue to touch. They have been active in many charitable causes to benefit the community: Callaway Relay 4 Life, MoChip, Cancer Research, and the Masonic Home to name a few. Since the foundation of the organization, the lessons shared at the meetings have remained scrip-tural, the purpose beneficent, and the teach-ings moral. This type of teaching is a nod to the founder of the Order of the Eastern Star, Dr. Robert Morris, who had the vision of using beautiful and inspiring Biblical examples which in turn would be the noble principles Eastern Star members are encouraged to emulate. With this vision, the environment within the Eastern Star organization is dedicated to char-ity, truth, and loving kindness. I ask you to join me in honoring Fulton Chapter No. 35, Order of the Eastern Star on their 100th Anniversary. f 
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS MUSEUM OF HISTORY AND CUL-TURE 20TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, this year the Northern Mariana Islands Museum of History and Culture celebrates its 20th anniversary. Our islands’ only, locally-run museum is as much a tribute to the story of the people of the Marianas as it is to the resilience and deter-mination of those who have led the Museum’s operation. They have kept the Museum alive despite many years of inadequate funding, understaffing, and a destructive typhoon that could well have shut it down permanently. The Museum is located in a 92-year-old hospital built during the time the Northern Mar-ianas were under the administration of Japan. The structure itself is an artifact of our history, and before its renovation looked the part. Its concrete, paint-less exterior told the story of war and every typhoon that has passed through our islands in the last century. Today, within the Museum a visitor can view artifacts from the time of the ancient Chamorro people, and of the Spanish, German, and Jap-anese occupations that descended upon us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JN8.001 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE940 June 28, 2018 
These artifacts, and the paintings and photo-graphs that are part of the displays, tell the story of how our people survived, adapted, and thrived throughout our history. They—and other objects stored away in the Museum—are lovingly preserved by their local conservators, who exhibit a profound dedication to keeping the memories of our people alive. The NMI Museum of History and Culture is an independent program of our Governor’s Of-fice. Sadly, the facility fell on hard times in the mid–2000s, when massive budget cuts forced the lay-off of most staff. At this low point, the Museum had only one employee, whose avail-ability determined when the museum would open and close. As a result, many a visitor was turned away who could have experienced the history of the Chamorro people. In 2015, the Marianas were hit by Typhoon Soudelor, the most devastating typhoon in decades. That terrible storm could well have meant the end for our Museum. The typhoon left many artifacts damaged, the roof leaking, mold along the walls, floors flooded, and much of the plumbing a wreck. And the museum was forced to close its doors to visitors—in-definitely. Into this scene of destruction a new energy arrived in the person of Mr. Danny Aquino. Appointed Executive Director last year, Mr. Aquino was tasked with the grueling repair of the museum. And more help was on the way. An out-pouring of financial and material support from IT&E, Saipan Stevedore, Saipan Shipping, CMS Trucking, Soudelor Corporation, Tropical Gardens, Tan Holdings, Tan Siu Lin Founda-tion, McDonald’s of Saipan, Tasi Tours and other local businesses, a $55,000 appropria-tion from the Saipan and Northern Islands Legislative Delegation, and $50,000 from the Marianas Visitors Authority gave Aquino and his team the funds to start repairs. Help from the staff of the Mayor of Saipan also moved the work along at a faster pace. The Mayor’s team assisted museum staff with grounds maintenance, landscaping, and other outdoor work. Somehow, restoration took less than six months to complete; and the Museum reopened last November to its first visitors in a very long time. I visited the museum in February to see this progress. I had been there shortly after Ty-phoon Soudelor; and I can report the dif-ference between then and now is night and day. Mr. Aquino’s can-do attitude, and the tire-less work of his staff—James Cabrera, James Macaranas, Allan Lifoifoi, and Wenny Haruo— drove the repair efforts and the result is a mu-seum that the Marianas can truly be proud of. Today, visitors to our islands can orient themselves to the three-and-a-half millennia of Marianas history at our Museum. Residents can take pride in who they are and where they come from by strolling through this beautiful facility. And students—many of whom are re-quired to take a course on the history of our islands—can enlarge their vision of the future by learning about our past at the Northern Mariana Islands Museum of History and Cul-ture. Please join me in congratulating the North-ern Mariana Islands Museum of History and Culture on 20 years of serving our islands and our people. TRIBUTE TO DEE AND MIKE HUGHES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Dee and Mike Hughes of Clarinda, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on May 12, 2018. Dee and Mike’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FAYETTEVILLE FIRE DEPARTMENT A-SHIFT RESCUE 1 ON BEING PRESENTED THE PUBLIC SAFETY VALOR AWARD 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Captain Michael Bartch, Lieutenant Kenneth Tatum, Firefighter James Strickland, Firefighter Thomas Farrell, and Firefighter Chiara Furlanetto-Duehning for receiving the Greater Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce’s Public Safety Valor Award as part of the Fay-etteville Fire Department A-Shift Rescue 1. We are all too familiar with the heroic work our firefighters do in our communities. Wheth-er it is keeping us safe or saving the lives of others, the men and women who put on these uniforms are unsung heroes in towns and cit-ies all across our nation. They work long hours, day and night, to ensure that we can feel safe as we go about our lives. The Valor Award is presented to those who execute extreme acts of heroism in order to save the lives of others in our community. The Fayetteville Fire Department A-Shift 1 exempli-fied this when they saved an individual who was stuck in a grain silo with temperatures well over one hundred degrees. They were able to extract the individual and get him to the hospital where he made a full recovery. It is lifesaving acts such as this which humble me and make me appreciate the selflessness of our firefighters that put their lives in danger to help others. Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating these heroic men and women of the Fayette-ville Fire Department A-Shift Rescue 1 on re-ceiving the Greater Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce’s Public Safety Valor Award. HONORING ST. THOMAS THE APOS-TLE PARISH ON THEIR 150TH AN-NIVERSARY HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor St. Thomas the Apostle Parish on their 150th Anniversary. They will be cele-brating this historic milestone in June of 2019. Since the early 1800’s, the St. Thomas area had been visited by Jesuit missionary priests. In 1838 Father Ferdinand Helias, S.J. cele-brated the first Mass in the area called ‘‘Indian Bottom’’ and went on to establish a strong faith community for many parishioners by founding approximately 20 mission churches in central Missouri. To this day, 7 of those mission churches are still in operation, serving the community members of Westphalia, Rich Fountain, Taos, Loose Creek, and Jefferson City. In 1869, Archbishop Peter Kenrick, Arch-bishop of St. Louis, officially erected St. Thom-as the Apostle Parish. When St. Thomas was established as a town, it was decided to move the church there and construction began in 1883. On October 22, 1884 the new building was dedicated and Father Aloysius Mayer served as the first pastor. Impressively, this is the church still being used today. In 1987, the pipe organ built by the J.G. Pfeffer Company of St. Louis was installed and in 2016 was his-torically restored. This year the Organ Histor-ical Society recognized the organ as an instru-ment of national heritage. Generations of families have benefited from the various spiritual opportunities offered at St. Thomas the Apostle. Weekly Sunday school and sacraments of Penance and Holy Com-munion are a real treasure to those living in this rural community. The Totus Tuus Summer camp offered for children 1st-12th grade gives kids a fun and faith based experience during the summer months. Parish groups cater to a variety of parishioners at St. Thomas the Apostle Parish from the Catholic Youth Orga-nization, to Quilters, Knights of Columbus, a Prayer Line, St. Ann’s Sodality, and even a bowling alley. The annual parish picnic is a fa-vorite social event for locals and even resi-dents of the surrounding counties. The church property is also home to the town’s first school which was built in 1874. In 1903, a new two-story school was built where students were taught for the next 63 years by lay teachers; Precious Blood Sisters of Ruma, Illinois; Sisters of the Poor Handmaids of Jesus Christ; and School Sisters of Notre Dame. Starting in 1962, the school operated as a public school in the Cole R–II School Dis-trict and then in 1989, it was re-established as a Catholic School. In 2006, the two-story school building was renovated and a new gym was constructed. Throughout the years this school has shaped the minds of many genera-tions and is still providing a positive influence in students’ lives today. The City of St. Thomas has seen many businesses come and go throughout the years, but the anchor in the community has been the steadfastness of St. Thomas the Apostle Parish. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in con-gratulating St. Thomas the Apostle Parish on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.001 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE941 June 28, 2018 
their 150th Anniversary. This milestone is a great testament to the commitment this parish has shown to the Lord, their parishioners, and the entire community. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 176TH ANNI-VERSARY OF MARION MILITARY INSTITUTE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Marion Military Insti-tute on 176 years of service to our nation’s Armed Forces. Located in the heart of Ala-bama’s Black Belt, and only thirty minutes from my hometown of Selma, MMI is a pillar of the 7th Congressional District. Since its founding, MMI has achieved a national reputa-tion for preparing young men and women for successful civilian and military careers. Marion Military Institute is one of only four military junior colleges in the United States, and is the nation’s oldest military junior col-lege, tracing its origin back to 1842 with the founding of Howard College in Marion, Ala-bama. MMI is also one of the first schools to establish a Student Government Association and a student honor system. Former President Howard Taft was the president of the board of trustees, and former president Woodrow Wil-son was the keynote speaker of the convoca-tion at MMI chapel in 1905. Marion Military In-stitute continued as a private high school and junior college until 2006, when the Alabama State Legislature incorporated the military in-stitution into the Alabama Community College System. I was reminded of Marion Military Institute’s legacy when I recently addressed the impres-sive Corps of 446 cadets. As our country’s oldest military junior college, MMI has pro-duced over 210 Generals and Admirals for our Armed Forces. I am also proud to say that there are 348 men and women MMI graduates in all five Service Academies. College students across the nation attend MMI to establish a strong foundation for their careers and to take advantage of its leader-ship development opportunities. Marion Mili-tary Institute teaches students to never give up, to push forward, and to excel in all of life’s pursuits. In the student body, about 40 percent of the cadets will pursue a civilian career and are en-rolled in the Leadership Education Program. Others are working toward receiving an ap-pointment to one of the five U.S. Service Academies. Unique to the four military junior colleges is the Early Commissioning Program, which provides an opportunity for qualified stu-dents to earn a commission as a Second Lieu-tenant after receiving their associate’s degree to serve in either the National Guard or the U.S. Army Reserve. Students also can enter the U.S. Marine Corps Program that allows students to work and train with a Selection Of-ficer. Lastly, students can enter the Air Force ROTC, a program that is designed to give men and women the opportunity to become Air Force officers while completing their de-grees. This summer, I was also pleased to have a wonderful Marion Military Institute graduate named Jordan Ceasar intern in my Wash-ington, D.C. office. Jordan learned about a new side of public service as he assisted con-stituents, studied the legislative process, and learned how to advocate for policy reforms. Marion Military Institute has a strong history of developing our country’s future leaders for military, government, and community service, and I am thrilled to celebrate their 176th Anni-versary. With college enrollment averaging an all-time high, I am sure Marion Military Insti-tute will continue to be a pillar of the Black Belt and produce America’s leaders for an-other 176 years. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR ERIC B. HILL 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. LaHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize Command Sergeant Major Eric B. Hill on his retirement from a career of honorable service in the United States Army. In 1983, Command Sergeant Major Hill en-listed in the Army and was initially assigned to the 388th Chemical Company. As he contin-ued his service, Command Sergeant Major Hill excelled in a multitude of duty assignments and was repeatedly promoted as a non-com-missioned officer. From his days as a young Sergeant serving in the 388th Chemical Com-pany to the highest rank of Command Ser-geant Major in the 419th Movement Control Battalion, he has exemplified the true meaning of leadership and commitment. Command Ser-geant Major Hill honorably served our nation through several combat deployments including Operation Iraqi Freedom from 2003 to 2008 and Operation Enduring Freedom from 2010 to 2011. Throughout his duty assignments, Com-mand Sergeant Major Hill was highly deco-rated in recognition of his exceptional service. He is a recipient of several service awards in-cluding the Purple Heart, Bronze Star Medal with one Oak Leaf Cluster, Combat Action Badge, Meritorious Service Medal, and the Army Commendation Medal with four Oak Leaf Clusters. I would like to acknowledge Command Ser-geant Major Hill for his 31 years of service and sacrifice to our country. I am grateful for his dedication, bravery, and selfless service. It is an honor to recognize servicemen like Eric Hill and I thank him for his sacrifice for our country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANNE AND JERRY TOWNSEND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Anne and Jerry Townsend of Mount Ayr on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. JONI M
CGEE’S 15 YEARS OF SERVICE WITH THE PECOS COUNTY VSO 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to take this opportunity to offer my sincere grati-tude to Ms. Joni McGee upon her retirement from 15 years of service with the Pecos Coun-ty Veterans Service Office. Her commitment to the Pecos County community has and will continue to have an impact on all those she has worked with. I am proud to serve alongside hardworking men and women like Ms. McGee in the 23rd Congressional District of Texas. Her time as a County Veteran Service Officer has undoubt-edly had a tremendous impact on the wellbeing of veterans in our community. I wish her all the best in the many years to come. 
f 
PROTECT HEALTH CARE ACCESS FOR ALL 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to bring awareness to the Repub-licans’ effort to dismantle the Affordable Care Act and weaken protections provided by Med-icaid and Medicare. Republicans began their sabotage of the ACA when many of their Gov-ernors, including Alabama’s Governor, refused to expand Medicaid. In these states, the full benefits of the law haven’t been realized. Working families have been left behind, rural hospitals have closed, and premiums have risen. Make no mistake, these governors created an environment in which Republican politicians could campaign on the failures of the ACA, all while taking NO credit for the failures they cre-ated. The millions of working Americans who fall in the Medicaid gap and live in non-expan-sion states have been overlooked! This body needs to be laser focused on improving the marketplace for the working Americans who have fallen victim to the lack of Medicaid ex-pansion. Last year, I sat down with my hairdresser in Birmingham, and she immediately told me about how she had lost her health coverage. She didn’t know why, but as she explained her situation, I quickly realized that she had fallen into our state’s Medicaid gap. A few years before in 2014, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, she received Cost Shar-ing Reductions to afford commercial health in-surance for the first time at an affordable rate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JN8.005 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE942 June 28, 2018 
Unfortunately, President Trump has decided that he doesn’t value those CSRs and has pulled those subsidies. But last year, before his harmful decision was implemented, my hairdresser fell victim to another form of health care sabotage—our Republican Governor’s failure to expand Medicaid. Since 2014, my hairdresser had comprehen-sive coverage through Blue Cross, subsidized by cost sharing reductions from the ACA. She had access to primary care appointments and everything she needed to lead a healthy life. Unfortunately, hairdressing is one of the many careers in the service economy in which in-come fluctuates from year to year. And in 2017, her income fell below the poverty line. If she lived in an expansion state, she would have had the option to be covered by Med-icaid while she continued to work. But instead, she lives in Alabama. She was left without coverage because she made too much to qualify for Medicaid. She was forced into the commercial market with no premium assistance whatsoever. Pre-miums are higher in states that didn’t expand Medicaid. Therefore, premiums in Alabama are much higher than what she could afford. President Trump’s elimination of the cost-shar-ing reductions has been cited by insurers as a driving force behind premium hikes in 2018. My hairdresser was anxious about having an emergency in which she would be left with large medical bills she couldn’t pay. I was heartbroken seeing her pain. Fortunately, we were able to connect her with patient naviga-tors at a large hospital in Birmingham. The Trump Administration has ended contracts with navigators under the ACA, but since the hospital has sufficient resources, they have taken the cost of continuing the program on themselves. I was happy we could help her, but there are millions of working Americans like her who don’t have that kind of access to their Member of Congress. For these Americans, even a year without basic health care coverage can be catastrophic. When I think about the health disparities currently plaguing Republican states, I think about all of the constituents I’ve met while in Congress. We cannot allow our working con-stituents to continue being victims of political malpractice. We can no longer ignore the vul-nerable residents of non-expansion states and their needs. Make no mistake, the ACA strengthened ac-cess to primary health care services across the country, even in non-expansion states. In Alabama alone, the law gave 897,000 mental health and substance use disorder benefits, treated more than two million children and adults for pre-existing conditions, and gave more than 650,000 Medicare enrollees free preventives services. However, approximately 235,000 Alabamians would have gained health insurance coverage if the state expanded Medicaid. It is my sincere hope that Congress will work together to alleviate the economic con-straints of health care access for hardworking individuals across America. We need to re-store what was best about the ACA and im-prove access for all. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Wednes-day, June 27, 2018, I was recorded as a NO on Roll Call No. 302. I had intended to vote YES on Roll Call No. 302. 
f 
CRISIS IN THE REPUBLIC OF CAMEROON 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we held a hearing on human rights abuses and targeted killings in the Anglophone region of the Republic of Cam-eroon. We explored the roots of this emerging crisis, and U.S. policy options for addressing human rights violations and instability in the Anglophone region, which affects not only sta-bility in Cameroon, but also in the region. The increased tempo of government repres-sion is fueling secessionist sentiment, leading to instability in the country in advance of presi-dential elections scheduled for October. Cam-eroon’s political stability is of great importance to the U.S. because the country plays a critical role in American counterterrorism efforts against Boko Haram in the west and central Africa. We also have ongoing concerns about 85- year-old strongman Paul Biya, who has either served as Prime Minister or as President since 1975 and who seems disconnected if not at odds with many of the people he is supposed to serve—particularly the English-speaking mi-nority. As the U.S. is involved in training and equipping Cameroonian security forces to strengthen regional capacity to combat ter-rorism, it is necessary to re-evaluate further counterterrorism cooperation with Cameroon to ensure the protection of Cameroonian civil-ians and respect for civil and political rights— including the most fundamental of rights, the right to life. Understanding the history of Cameroon—or, rather, ‘‘the Cameroons,’’ as the choice be-tween the singular and plural form is fraught with significance—is necessary for under-standing the present crisis. While it is a country of great African ethnic diversity, the main dividing line is linguistic, re-flecting a colonial past which saw the French- speaking region gain independence from France in 1960 and union with the southern portion of the former mandate territory of Brit-ish Cameroon the following year. The country that was formed was the Fed-eral Republic of the Cameroon, and the na-tional flag that was adopted had two stars, sig-naling to the world the union of two coequal states under one constitution. English speak-ers were always a minority, however, and the political and constitutional basis under which they entered into a union eroded over time. In 1972, then-President Ahmadou Ahidjo abolished the federal system of government and created a unitary ‘‘United Republic of Cameroon.’’ The flag was not changed until 1975 to reflect this new imposition of monist rule, when the two stars gave way to one. In 1984, President Biya again revised the Con-stitution, which changed the country’s name to the present ‘‘Republic of Cameroon.’’ The cur-rent Constitutional iteration dates back to 1996, and on paper, at least, restores a cer-tain degree of federalist autonomy in response to Anglophone demands. The reality is, however, different. In 2016, the central government triggered a crisis by appointing French-speaking teachers and judges in the Anglophone areas. To English-speakers, it felt like an occupa-tion. Certain Anglophone activists declared independence of a ‘‘Federal Republic of Ambazonia’’ in 2017, which had led to a heavy-handed response by the military. Secu-rity forces have reportedly burned down vil-lages, arrested and killed protesters in Anglophone areas, though it also must be noted that French-speaking teachers have been targeted by English-speaking separatists. As Congress, we need to address whether we can continue to cooperate with Cam-eroon’s security forces, given the reported abuses, and if so, how. As the International Crisis Group—which is supplied one of our witnesses—has empha-sized, the Cameroonian government’s use of the military against its English-speaking citi-zens has exacerbated the situation. Indeed, our U.S. Ambassador to Cameroon Peter Barlerin has criticized Cameroon’s actions and has expressed his concerns about the govern-ment’s use of disproportionate force. The Anglophone crisis casts a shadow upon the upcoming presidential elections. The credi-bility of the election, slated for October, is al-ready under question as the government has yet to make serious preparations. It is as-sumed that strongman Paul Biya will run for re-election, but given his age and frequent ab-sences abroad it is uncertain who will succeed him eventually. There are also growing humanitarian con-cerns attributable to the Anglophone crisis. An estimated 160,000 people have been dis-placed within Cameroon, and over 21,000 Cameroonians have fled to neighboring Nige-ria as refugees. The continued malign presence of Boko Haram in northeastern Cameroon, attacking people in both Cameroon and in Nigeria, is a further complication which has led to an esti-mated 96,000 Nigerians fleeing the other way to Cameroon. Congress must then also weigh the need to assist Cameroon in its fight against Boko Haram. Given all these spillover factors, we can see that a failure to solve the Anglophone crisis is not purely a domestic affair, but a regional one which implicates U.S. security interests. 
f 
HONORING ROSA BILSTON 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Rosa Bilston, my constituent from New Haven, for her commitment to the nation and to public service. Despite recent shootings at schools across the country, Congress has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JN8.007 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE943 June 28, 2018 
failed to pass any meaningful reform to school safety or firearm regulations. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the house not to forget that at the core of this dis-cussion is the fact that the lives of children like Ms. Bilston are impacted every day by gun vi-olence. It is with great pride that I include in the R
ECORD the powerful words of Ms. Bilston. 
ROSA BILSTON , AGE 11 —SPEECH ON GUN  
VIOLENCE  Today I would like to talk about gun vio-lence. A few months ago, 17 people were killed at Parkland school in Florida. Then, a few weeks ago, 10 people were killed in a shooting in a Texas school. Hearing about this was very hard for me because my family is from Texas. It shook me to know that children were killed in a place I feel so close to. When I was in Kindergarten, there was a shooting in Sandy Hook, Connecticut. Many children died. This was told to me at the time, but I didn’t remember it for a long while. We were just about to leave for Ger-many, and our minds were focused on leaving the country. I remembered it again after the Parkland shooting and at first I found it appalling that two shootings could be so close together in our country. But then I realized there were lots more school shootings in America. In fact, this year, there have been 22 school shootings. And this spring, a friend of mine lost her friend in Guilford. He was handling a gun. It wasn’t a school shooting but he was still killed by a gun. This was appalling to me and to my friend. I’m talking about guns today for two rea-sons. The first is that children should be aware of this, because it is happening to chil-dren. The second is that I strongly believe Presi-dent Trump should ban assault weapons. These kill lots of people very quickly. I would also like to see more background checks: at present people who are mentally troubled are able to own war weapons which are made to kill mass numbers of people. These should not be owned by anyone other than people in the army. I personally do not believe that anyone should own a gun, but I understand that oth-ers do not have this view. My grandmother in England has a gun. I definitely believe, and I think others can agree with this, that the conditions here for gun owning should be the same as they are for my grandmother. Her gun is kept in a locked cabinet, away from ammunition. The police check this every year, and every year she completes pa-perwork to prove that she is still healthy. I believe this should be the norm here too. The way I think we should change policy is by protesting. Over the past years it has been the grown-ups who have been saying that things are not okay. Congress has not changed anything. The government has not changed anything. Obama tried to ban as-sault rifles during his presidency but Con-gress said no. So now grown-ups have tried everything they can. Congress must hear a new voice. That is the voice of children, our friends and our neighbors and classmates. It should not just be those with personal con-nections to those who’ve died, it should be all those who see something here is wrong. If the new generation doesn’t step up to the plate, nothing will happen. As Dr. Martin Luther King said, ‘‘Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that mat-ter.’’ We must not be silent. Thank you. HONORING ROSETTA SEXTON 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished career of Rosetta Sex-ton, a valued, respected and devoted member of my staff. After over twenty-one years of service to the constituents of the Fifth Con-gressional District of Illinois, Mrs. Sexton will be retiring from her role as Senior Outreach Coordinator with the U.S. House of Represent-atives. Rosetta, one of 5 children born in Chicago, Illinois to Joe and Rose Ferazzo, attended St. Angela Grade School. She attended Notre Dame High School for Girls located on the northwest side of the City of Chicago. When she was 15, she met the love of her life, John Sexton. They married in 1972 and together raised their family. John and Rosetta were very active in the 36th Ward Regular Demo-cratic Organization working with Alderman Wil-liam J.P. Banks and State Senator James DeLeo. In 2001, when John was diagnosed with throat cancer, Rosetta remained by his side offering immeasurable love and support and living up to her designation as the rock of their family. Since her husband’s death in 2004, she continues to provide the same warmth and strength to her family. Rosetta would be the first to tell you that her family is her first priority; they are the loves of her life. Her family includes her daughter, Lau-rie Moran and her husband, Joseph, and their children, Jack and Alyssa; her son, John Jr., and her daughter Diana Bowler, her husband, Matt, and their children, Blake, Brooklyn, Brynn, and their fourth child due in July. I am pleased that her retirement will offer her the opportunity to spend more quality time with those closest to her. I invite my colleagues, my staff, and my constituents to join me in thanking her for her unrelenting dedication to the people of Illinois’ Fifth District. I thank her for her invaluable service, professionalism and friendship and wish her well in all future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEPUTY ZAC BUTTERCASE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Deputy Zac Buttercase of Sidney, Iowa on his selec-tion as the 2018 Iowa American Legion Law Enforcement Officer of the Year. Zac is a Dep-uty with the Fremont County Sheriff’s Depart-ment. The Williams-Jobe-Gibson American Le-gion Post No. 128 nominated Deputy Buttercase for this Award. Deputy Buttercase has been with the Fre-mont County Sheriff’s Department since 2014. He is a K–9 handler with his canine partner, Judge. Deputy Buttercase is a veteran of the Iowa National Guard and has served deploy-ments to Iraq and Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Deputy Zac Buttercase for his selection for this award. Zac has made a difference by helping and serving others. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring his ac-complishments. I thank him for his service to the Fremont County and to his country and I wish him all the best in all his future endeav-ors. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROGER MATTES, JR., GOVERNOR OF RO-TARY DISTRICT 7410 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Roger Mattes, Jr., who will become governor of Rotary District 7410 on Sunday, July 1. District 7410 covers forty- three Rotary clubs in ten counties in North-eastern Pennsylvania and serves over a thou-sand members. Roger joined Rotary Inter-national in 1985. Since then, he has served the organization in many capacities, including as president of his local chapter and on the Board of Directors. He is a graduate of Rotary Leadership Institute and a recipient of Rotary’s Paul Harris Fellowship Award. Roger is a 1976 graduate of Valley Forge Military Academy. He attended DePauw Uni-versity, graduating in 1980 with a Bachelor’s degree in English. He went on to obtain his G.R.I. from the Pennsylvania Realtors Insti-tute. In 1991, Roger received his Juris Doctor from Drake University Law School in Des Moines, Iowa. Roger has been practicing law for over twenty years and is president of Mattes & Mattes, P.C. in Scranton. He is admitted to practice before the U.S. Supreme Court, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, the U.S. Third Circuit Court of Appeals, and the U.S. District Court Middle District of Pennsylvania, among others. His outstanding work as an attorney has earned him several awards, including the American Lawyer’s Distinguished Service Cita-tion and the Winner’s Circle Award. It is an honor to recognize Roger Mattes as he assumes the role of governor for Rotary District 7410. His achievements are significant, and his service to the people of Northeastern Pennsylvania is immeasurable. May he con-tinue his commitment to community service, and I wish him all the best. 
f 
FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE MARKUP 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, today we held a markup on various important measures. I’d like to express support of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act, H.R. 6207, of which I am the proud sponsor, along with our lead Democratic cosponsor, my good friend and ranking member of our subcommittee, Rep. K
AREN BASS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.007 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE944 June 28, 2018 
I would also like to thank Chairman E D R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL , both of whom are original cosponsors, for scheduling this bill for markup so soon after introduction. A sense of urgency with regard to the DR Congo is not misplaced. As many of you know, the DRC is a strate-gically-located, resource-rich country which, unfortunately, has been misgoverned for most of its history. H.R. 6207 supports the humanitarian and accountability efforts of civil society groups pushing back against civil strife and political repression. In particular, it acknowledges the role of the faith community and the Catholic Church, which educates and heals the Congo-lese people through its schools and hospitals while upholding the need for the rule of law and respect for constitutional principles in the DRC. H.R. 6207 also supports a free and fair electoral process in the DRC which is long overdue. It is in our national security interest to support the Congolese people’s call for de-mocracy and accountability. Plus it is the right thing to do. Notably, H.R. 6207 puts human rights viola-tors and corrupt actors in the Democratic Re-public of Congo under notice, codifying exist-ing tools that allow us to sanction bad actors. I urge my colleagues to join us by cospon-soring H.R. 6207. I am also proud to be a sponsor of H.R. 1697, the Israel Anti-Boycott Act. This Act will help protect Israel from unfair and punitive boycott efforts fomented by bi-ased international organizations. I commend my good friends P
ETER ROSKAM , J
UAN VARGAS , and L EEZELDIN for introducing this critical bipartisan measure to protect Israeli and American sovereignty and eco-nomic interests. I would also like to recognize our Chairman E
DROYCE ’s work to amend this bill to bring it to a full committee vote. The notoriously anti-Israel agenda of the UN Human Rights Council in recent years has de-veloped into a dangerous assault on Israel’s economy. Pursuant to a March 2016 UNHRC resolution decrying businesses that operate beyond Israel’s 1949 Armistice lines, the Human Rights Council in recent years has carried out an insidious blacklisting effort that is tantamount to economic warfare against the State of Israel. Earlier this year the Council announced that it had compiled a list of 206 companies that it believed ought to be boycotted because they operate outside Israel’s old boundaries. Of these 206 UN-blacklisted companies, 143 are based in Israel and 22 in the United States. Clearly it is right to protect these companies from damaging boycotts and to stand by our stalwart ally, Israel, the only democratic coun-try in the region. This legislation directs the President to amend U.S. commerce and foreign trade laws to prohibit American companies from know-ingly complying with boycotts targeted at American allies. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this measure to deliver badly-needed pro-tection to American and Israeli companies whose legitimate business should not be ma-nipulated to serve a hateful, anti-Israel political agenda. I further urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5898, the UNRWA Accountability Act, another bipartisan measure introduced by D
AVID C
ICILLINE and L EEZELDIN . For years the United States has been the world’s largest donor to an organization that amplifies a Palestinian curriculum which prop-agates anti-Israel and anti-Semitic animus while entrenching conflict between Israelis and Palestinians. By conferring refugee status to successive generations of displaced Palestin-ians, UNRWA contributes to a ballooning pop-ulation of aggrieved people who in turn are manipulated by those seeking to maintain pressure upon Israel. United States aid to UNRWA must conform to United States’ interests in securing true peace for Israel and the Palestinian people. This means applying real oversight and scru-tiny to UNRWA’s policies. It also means identi-fying alternatives to UNRWA if its mandate is at odds with our interests. This legislation re-quires a report that will help Congress conduct this critical oversight. This bill has my full sup-port. I would like to thank Representative NORMA  T
ORRES for introducing H. Res. 944. This is a simple, compassionate resolution that ex-presses solidarity for the people of Guatemala who lost their loved ones and their homes to the terrible volcanic eruption of Mount Fuego on the third of June. I am proud to be the lead Republican co-sponsor of this resolution, for which Ms. T
ORRES , along with her staffer Clay Boggs, deserve the credit. I also want to note as an aside, that Con-gresswoman T
ORRES and I have at times found ourselves on different sides of policy de-bates, including toward Guatemala. What is important, however, is that when disaster strikes, we put aside our differences and unite in solidarity with those who suffer. Indeed, we have received thanks from people in Guatemala, and I am sure Ms. T
ORRES has as well, who note with appreciation this bipar-tisan coming together to support the Guate-malan people. I urge my colleagues, Republican and Dem-ocrat, to join us. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MONTANA OUT-FITTERS AND GUIDES ASSOCIA-TION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Montana Outfitters and Guides Association. The organization started Big Hearts Under the Big Sky, a program pro-viding guided and outfitted trips at no charge to recipients. The recipients include breast cancer patients and survivors, children with serious illnesses, and veterans. The association identifies families and matches their recreation wishes with member organizations. Recipients get to experience Montana’s breath-taking scenery in backcountry outings. Some choose to fly fish the Yellowstone River, while others hunt tro-phy elk, moose, and other big game. Celebrating its tenth year, Big Hearts Under the Big Sky is a testament to the restorative power of Montana’s outdoors, to the hard work of Montana’s more than 200 licensed outfitters and guides, and to the selflessness of the vol-unteers and sponsors who make this program possible. For opening Montana’s outdoor treasures to those who need it most, I recognize the Mon-tana Outfitters and Guides Association for em-bodying the spirit of Montana. f 
CONGRATULATING MASTER TROOPER JAMES TOON ON BEING PRESENTED THE PUBLIC SAFETY VALOR AWARD 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Master Trooper James Toon for re-ceiving the Greater Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce’s Public Safety Valor Award. A native of Whiteville, North Carolina, Mas-ter Trooper Toon moved to Fayetteville in 1989 where he was stationed at Fort Bragg while serving in the Army. After serving our country as a Demolition Sergeant, Master Trooper Toon joined the Fayetteville Police Department for three years before joining the North Carolina State Highway Patrol where he has served faithfully ever since. While Master Trooper Toon was off-duty traveling to downtown Fayetteville, he came across a car on fire. After pulling over to in-vestigate, he noticed individuals trapped inside the burning vehicle. He was able to free one woman from the car, and because of his her-oism, she made a full recovery. I want to thank Master Trooper Toon for his courage and valor in this heroic act. Master Trooper Toon is married to his wife Kimberly, and they have two wonderful chil-dren. I am extremely grateful for Master Trooper Toon’s service to our community and I wish him continued success. The Valor Award is presented to those who execute ex-treme acts of heroism in order to save the lives of others in our community, and I can think of no more deserving recipient than Mas-ter Trooper Toon. Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating Master Trooper James Toon on receiving the Greater Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce’s Public Safety Valor Award. 
f 
CHILDREN ON THE BORDER 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD this article by Ms. Phyllis Beren con-cerning children separated from their parents at the southern border. 
CHILDREN ON THE BORDER  (By Phyllis Beren) As I thought about the honor of separating young children from their families at the U.S. border, what came to mind was the Lon-don bombings during World War II, when many children were evacuated to the coun-try to stay with foster families. I recalled the war nurseries of the Hampstead Clinic in London and the work of Anna Freud and Dorothy Burlingham, who ran these nurs-eries and observed the children who were separated from their mothers during the war. One of their observations that has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JN8.010 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE945 June 28, 2018 
stayed with me for more than forty years of practice as a psychoanalyst and child thera-pist was the traumatic effect of separation from their mothers. ‘‘The war acquires com-paratively little significance for children so long as it only threatens their lives, disturbs their material comfort or cuts their food ra-tions. It becomes enormously significant the moment it breaks up family ties and uproots the first emotional attachments of the child within the family group. London children, therefore, were on the whole much less upset by bombing than by evacuation to the coun-try as a protection against it.’’ (p. 37 War and Children, by Anna Freud and Dorothy T. Burlingham) I don’t believe it is an exaggeration to say that our country is now engaged in a war— a war to overthrow our democracy, a war on our constitution and legal system, a war on our principles, and a war on being human. Usually the first to suffer are the most vul-nerable and defenseless, as we are now wit-nessing in the treatment of young children at our border. We are giving no thought to the child abuse we are inflicting on these children—in fact, we are doing the opposite; we are turning a blind eye, which is the main characteristic of child abuse. Child abuse takes many forms, not only visible, external bruises. The wrenching separation that these young children are experiencing every minute they are apart from their families is a trauma inflicted that will remain an open wound. Daily, we are reading about the visi-ble distress these children show—terror, se-vere separation anxiety, sleeplessness, night-mares, crying, begging for their parents. Why is zero tolerance an acceptable pol-icy? ‘‘Zero tolerance’’ implies a police state where torture or murder is necessary if one crosses the border illegally. Zero tolerance gives permission to commit child abuse by separating the children from their parents. All child experts agree that such separation is a form of child abuse that can leave the children with permanent mental and phys-ical damage. Separation of children from parents is child abuse; it is not an attempt to enforce the law, but rather an attempt to terrorize the parents by threatening them with the permanent loss of their children. Families with children can be detained to-gether if necessary, without resorting to abuse by separating children from their par-ents, destroying the family bond, and inflict-ing severe and often irreversible mental and physical harm on the children. As a child, I had the good fortune to sur-vive World War II with my parents by my side. We were together in a displaced persons camp in Germany in the American section from 1946 to 1952 before immigrating to the United States. The United States Army, our heroes, who oversaw the camp provided a safe community for the refugees. There is no comparison between my childhood in the DP camp and the children separated from their families at our border. Today, I no longer recognize the country we live in. We adult citizens of this country and our elected representatives know of this abuse, and we are nevertheless allowing it to con-tinue, which makes all of us complicit. f 
TRIBUTE TO KATELYN THOMPSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Katelyn Thompson, from Guthrie County Hospital in Guthrie Center, Iowa. Ms. Thomp-son was awarded the 2018 DAISY Award For Extraordinary Nurses at a ceremony on May 10, 2018. This award is part of the DAISY Founda-tion’s program to recognize the superhuman efforts nurses perform every day. Katelyn was nominated by patients, families, and col-leagues because of her willingness to give her best efforts for the patients at GCH. I applaud and congratulate Katelyn for her award and for providing excellent patient care in Iowa’s Third District. I am proud to rep-resent her and all the employees of the Guth-rie County Hospital in the United States Con-gress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Katelyn Thompson and wishing her well and continued success in the future. f 
THE BANKSTON FORK BAPTIST CHURCH’S 200TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the bicentennial anniversary of the Bankston Fork Baptist Church in Harris-burg, Illinois. The church was founded in 1818 by Wilson Henderson and Chester Carpenter. The Bankston Fork Baptist Church has ex-isted as a religious body for 200 years and has continuously given back to the community. After the church opened, they immediately started to spread their message of love, friendship and equality throughout the area. Bankston Fork Baptist Church is one of the oldest churches in Illinois and the church has occupied five different buildings in four dif-ferent locations during its tenure. I offer my congratulations to the members of Bankston Fork Baptist Church on their bicen-tennial anniversary. I wish them many more prosperous years in the future. 
f 
COMMEMORATING OLYMPIA MID-DLE SCHOOL ON RECEIVING THE SCHOOL TO WATCH RECOGNITION 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize Olympia Middle School as a 2018 winner of the Schools to Watch initiative. This recognition is a testament to the hard work both the faculty and students have put into another successful year. The Schools to Watch program was devel-oped in 1999 by the National Forum to Accel-erate Middle-Grades Reform as a way to high-light schools across the country that meet a high standard for educational excellence. The initiative chooses schools based on a holistic evaluation of academic excellence, develop-mental responsiveness, and social equity, all within a strong organizational support struc-ture. I was not surprised to hear that Olympia Middle School was selected for this honor be-cause I know the level of hard work and dedi-cation the staff, administration, and students all exhibit. Congratulations to Olympia Middle School. I am proud to represent this shining example of educational excellence. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BOARD OF ZONING ADJUSTMENT HOME RULE ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duced the District of Columbia Board of Zon-ing Adjustment Home Rule Act. This bill would give the District the authority to appoint all members of the D.C. Board of Zoning Adjust-ment (Board), except when the Board is per-forming functions regarding an application by a foreign mission with respect to a chancery. The Board issues special exceptions, or variances, to the regulations issued by the D.C. Zoning Commission (Commission). This bill does not alter the authority of the Board. Like every other jurisdiction in the United States, the District should be free to set its own local land-use policies. As the District continues to contend with rapid population growth and economic development, it is more important than ever that the members of the Board are accountable to District residents and local elected officials. Under current law, in general, the Board consists of a representative each from the Na-tional Capital Planning Commission (NCPC) and the Commission, each of whom may be a federal official, and three mayoral appointees, subject to D.C. Council approval. The Board has no authority over federal property. Under current law, when the Board is per-forming functions regarding an application by a foreign mission with respect to the location, expansion or replacement of a chancery, the Board consists of the Executive Director of NCPC; the Director of the National Park Serv-ice, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Interior, or the Administrator of General Services, as designated by the President; and the three mayoral appointees. This bill does not change this composition. This is an important step to recognize and increase home rule for the District, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
HONORING LUKE COHEN 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO . Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Luke Cohen on the occasion of his Bar Mitzvah, and for his dedication to public service. Recent events in our nation have highlighted the social and political divide that we all must work to bridge. It is with great pride that I include in the R
ECORD the powerful words of Mr. Cohen, delivered on the day of his Bar Mitzvah. Mr. Speaker, while this speech encourages us all to fight for equality and protection under the law, it also reminds us that we must work to improve our society for our children and grandchildren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.013 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE946 June 28, 2018 
BARMITZVAH SPEECH  (By Luke Cohen) Hello everyone, and thanks for coming. For my Bar Mitzvah, I decided to explore the consequences of hate and the importance of tolerance. I found this topic interesting be-cause, after the tragedy at the rally in Char-lottesville last August, I thought about all the people who have been killed because they were black or immigrants or just because they were different from someone else. I believe that acceptance and tolerance are really needed in our society. Just because someone is different from you does not mean its ok to make fun of them or be mean or hateful towards them and yet it still happens everyday, all around the world. This year I learned about the Anti-Defama-tion League or ‘‘ADL.’’ ADL is a non-profit organization whose mission is ‘‘To stop the defamation of the Jewish people, and to se-cure justice and fair treatment to all. . .’’ Their mission is pretty straight forward, but it is hard to achieve. I like that ADL is try-ing to stop hatred and make sure all people get treated fairly because it is an important goal. Working towards that goal can have a good impact in the world. Although ADL was founded to combat anti-Semitism and pro-tect Jewish people, it has grown to help ev-eryone. On the ADL’s website there is a video called the Imagine video, which imagines a world without racism, homophobia or anti- semitism, a world in which many terrible hate crimes didn’t happen. So I watched the video and it really inspired me. This video was made in 2013 and shows people who were killed by hate crimes and what they could have accomplished. Let’s watch it together now. . . https:// www.adl.org/imagine-a-world-without-hate 
JEWISH CONNECTION  I hope you found this video as inspiring as I did. I found this video really sad as well, because of how in less than 2 seconds, some-one can kill a person and crush out all of their potential. I also found this video inspir-ing because if we stop hate crimes like these, so many people can achieve their potential and greatly help the world. Just for a second, think of someone who you know about who was killed and think of what they could have accomplished if they hadn’t been murdered. For example, I think about what more Martin Luther King Jr. could have done. I think he could have worked to improve pay for poor, minority workers and continued being a voice for positive change in America. Since I decided to explore hate crimes, I wanted to see what Judaism says about ha-tred and tolerance. For example, the Book of Leviticus, which is one of the books of the Old Testament, says, ‘‘You shall not take vengeance or bear a grudge against your countrymen. Love your fellow as yourself.’’ This means that you should not hold anger or take revenge on people around you, and I agree with that. In my view, each person de-serves fair treatment and nothing good hap-pens if people take revenge or hate out on other people. But I don’t think we should act a certain way simply because of what is in the bible or torah. We should act that way because we actually care about people and know that hatred is destructive and hurtful. Another passage is from a Midrash or an-cient commentary on the Bible that links the last quote to hatred and revenge. Rabbi Akiva says, ‘‘Thus, one should not say, ’since I am scorned, I should scorn my fellow as well; since I have been cursed, I will curse my fellow as well.’’’ These quotes mean that you should take revenge on people because your anger or hatred for other people. As humanists we believe that hatred and revenge are not ok. Our reason for thinking that we should eliminate hatred and revenge is that people shouldn’t have to suffer and get hurt because of other people’s hatred. We are responsible for our own actions. I will ex-plain later, that I started the No Place For Hate club at school-to raise awareness of these issues and discuss the impacts they can have. Finally, in the book of Yoma, it says, ‘‘However, considering that the people dur-ing the Second Temple period were engaged in Torah study, observance of mitzvoth, and acts of kindness, and that they did not per-form the sinful acts that were performed in the First Temple, why was the Second Tem-ple destroyed? It was destroyed due to the fact that there was wanton hatred during that period.’’ Yoma goes on to say that the sin of wanton hatred is equivalent to the worst transgressions including bloodshed. I think this means that hatred destroys things, lives, and potential and it makes the world worse. So God thought that the good acts did not make up for hatred, which is just as bad as physically hurting people. And, as we see with hate crimes, hate can have serious consequences even in a world of kindness and mitzvoth. Also, Even as hu-manists we can learn a lot from the Bible’s teachings. In thinking about the imagine video and the concepts of hatred and hate crimes, I decided to research three victims of hate crimes from the video: Yitzhak Rabin, an important Jewish figure, Matthew Shepard, who was killed for being gay, and James Byrd, who was killed for being black. My dad said that I can’t talk about hate crimes at a Bar Mitzvah without mentioning the Holocaust, which was a huge hate crime against the Jews. More than 6 million Jews were killed by the hatred of Adolf Hitler and the Nazis. The Nazis killed lots of other peo-ple too. But today I will talk about indi-vidual hate crimes. Like the three people I chose. 
YITZHAK RABIN  First, I will focus on Yitzhak Rabin. He was a famous Prime Minister of Israel who was killed because of a hate crime. In the late 1940’s, he fought in the arab-Israeli war, which was a war between Israel and five other Arab nations, over the Israeli terri-tory. In 1967, he served as chief of staff of the Israeli military during the 6-day war against Egypt, Jordan and Syria. In 1973, Rabin was appointed minister of labor, and served 3 years as prime minister before he was forced to resign. But, in 1992, he regained his position of Prime minister and focused his attention on the Arab-Israeli Peace Process, which is a complicated issue with many different opinions. 
OSLO ACCORDS  I think there is conflict because the land given to create the state of Israel in the 1940’s is coveted Jewish land and the hold land for the other two monotheistic religions as well, which are Islam and Christianity. One part of the peace process was called the Oslo accords. The Oslo accords were meant to make both Israel and Palestine recognize each other as legitimate countries, and to make peace by reaching agreement on dis-puted lands. Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat, the Pal-estinian Leader shook hands on the first Oslo agreement on the White House Law in 1993. Later, Arafat, Rabin, and Israeli Presi-dent Shimon Peres got the Novel Peace prize in 1994 for these efforts. Then they signed a second agreement—Oslo 2—on September 28, 1995. Some of the Israeli people were angry be-cause they thought the Palestinians were trying to get the land and not make peace. Any many Palestinians believed that Israel mistreated them and came in and stole most of their land. Many people hated each other on both sides. Shortly after Oslo 2 was signed, on November 4, 1995, Rabin was killed by Yigal Amir. Amir was an Israeli Law stu-dent and orthodox jewish extremist. He be-lieved that Yitzhak Rabin was giving the Palestinians too much kindness with the peace process and shouldn’t allow the Pal-estinians any control over the land. Yitzhak Rabin’s assassination was a hate crime be-cause was killed due to Amir’s hate for the Palestinians and what Rabin was trying to accomplish. And, ironically, Rabin was killed at a peace rally. Yitzhak Rabin’s death was especially tragic for many rea-sons. He was an amazing leader and was a key force behind the peace agreements, which started to work before his death. Un-fortunately, without Rabin, the peace agree-ments collapsed. Five years later, there were riots, attacks and sucide bombings, which ended the peace process. There has been lit-tle real progress since. Imagine what might have happened if he wasn’t killed. MATTHEW SHEPARD /JAMES BYRD , JR. Then I researched Matthew Shepard who had a very different story. He was born in 1976 in Casper, Wyoming and he was a pretty normal kid, who did all the normal kid stuff. He had one difference though. He was gay, which was much less tolerated in the past than it is today. He had a normal life though, or at least until an awful thing happened on October 7, 1998. On that day, he met 2 guys, Russell Henderson and Aaron Mckinney, whom Shepard believed were also gay, at a bar in Chicago. When he got in their pickup truck to leave the bar with these ‘‘Gay Men,’’ they kidnapped him. After beating him severely, they tied him to a fence in the freezing cold. He was not found for 18 hours and even though he was rushed to a nearby hospital he died 5 days later. Both Russel Henderson and Aaron McKin-ney were arrested after the police found Shepard’s belongings in Mckinney’s van. They were later convicted for the murder of Shepard and each received a life term in prison. They had no motive for the crime other than that they hated gay people and Shepard was gay. Unlike Yitzhak Rabin, who had the opportunity to do great things be-fore he died, Matthew Shepard was only 21 when he was killed. Imagine what he could have accomplished if he lived a full life. James Byrd Jr. was also in the imagine video and was killed in a terrible hate crime, but this was because he was black. It is hard to talk about hate crimes, especially in America, without talking about hate crimes against black people. This is an awful story. On June 7, 1998, James Byrd was 31 years old. He was walking home in Jasper, Texas, where he lived with his wife and three chil-dren. Three white men asked him if he need-ed a ride and then brutally murdered him. They threw his body in front of an African- American cemetery and just drove away. This was another terrible event and it sad-dens me just to think about it. Imagine what good he could have done is he had not been murdered. The murders of Matthew Shepard and James Byrd were two of the worst hate crimes I’ve ever heard of. Both men were killed because of other people’s hatred and prejudice. When Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. were killed, there was no federal law to punish these kinds of crimes. Their murders made people press for a change in the law. Years later, President Obama signed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crime Prevention Act. This was to pun-ish people who commit terrible hate crimes like these and hopefully prevent some of them from happening in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.018 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE947 June 28, 2018 
I spoke with Fara Gold, a Civil Rights prosecutor at the Department of Justice, who prosecuted the first case under the Shepard/Byrd Act. In another sad hate crime, three white men branded swastikas on a Native American boy who accidentally wandered off the Indian Reservation. She told me that the men wouldn’t have served their full jail time without this new law. 
THE‘‘NO PLACE FOR HATE ’’ CLUB  In thinking about how to take action in my community, I created a club called ‘‘No Place for Hate’’ at my school. The club has about 17 members. It’s a club that encour-ages kindness and tries to create a tolerant, inclusive school environment. On April 25, ADL recognized the efforts of our club and name Alice Deal Middle school as an official ‘‘No Place for Hate’’ School. A school quali-fies by doing an activity that promotes a healthy school climate and having most peo-ple in the school sign a pledge saying that they will try to make the school a good place for everyone there. Our first activity was a ‘‘Yellow Brick Road’’ to peace. One morning, every class in the school had a group discussion about hate and tolerance. Then, everyone around the school decorated a ‘‘brick,’’ which was a half sheet of paper, that said ‘‘We can make. Deal an accepting community by. . .’’ and people had to express their ideas. We then put the completed sheets up in the gallery, which is a place that everyone walks through and can see everyday. People also signed a Resolution of Respect. They agreed to six principles to combat prej-udice and hate and promote respect and dig-nity. Such as, I WILL SPEAK OUT AGAINST prejudice and discrimination. These principles are what drive the club at Alice Deal Middle School and other NPFH schools. I think these are great principles that could be used in everyday life to make the world a better place. Now, I would like to invite my fellow members of our Club to stand up and be recognized. I will carry the club through the end of this year and into next year with the support of the club members. We hope to make the NPFH club one that carries through the Deal community for years to come. This experience has taught me that, even though we’ve come a long way, hate con-tinues to be a common problem in our com-munities. Through efforts like NPFH, we can try to stop some of those acts from hap-pening. All the schools at the NPFH cere-mony had done activities, which showed me that young people can make a difference. For example, there was a high school senior who was Sikh, which is a religion. After a hate crime at a sikh (seek) temple, she went out in her community to educate all kids in her county about her religion to prevent igno-rance and hatred. Many of the other schools did very impressive things too. I hope that my presentation encourages ev-eryone to open their hearts and think about whether we truly accept people with dif-ferences. If you would like to donate to the No Place for Hate program, I would be happy to give you the information about how you can do that. Before I close, I would like to thank a few people who helped me. First, I would like to thank Rabbi Jeremy for help-ing me find the quotes from the Jewish texts and Norman hall for teaching our class this year. Next, I would like to thank Ms. New-man and Seth Gordon-Lipkin for their help with the club. I would also like to thank all the people who came out today to support me. And most of all I would like to thank my family, especially my parents, for their help and supportiveness and for making today possible. Finally I would like to thank Rigby and Juliet for their support and friendship throughout this whole project and their par-ents for their help too. In closing, this expe-rience has shown me that we can all make a difference and take a stand against intoler-ance. As Albus Dumbledore said in Book 4 of Harry Potter, ‘‘Difference of habit and lan-guage are nothing at all if our aims are iden-tical and our hearts are open.’’ Thank you. f 
CONGRATULATING FAYETTEVILLE FIRE DEPARTMENT ENGINE 3, ENGINE 14 AND RESCUE 1 FOR RECEIVING THE PUBLIC SAFETY VALOR AWARD 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Assistant Chief Robert Brinson, Captain Michael Reep and Captain Jonathan Ferguson, along with Firefighters Stacy Ritch-ie, Corey Sasser, Albert Lockamy, Zachary Wages and Stanton James for receiving the Greater Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce’s Public Safety Valor Award for their work with the Fayetteville Fire Department Engine 3, En-gine 14 and Rescue 1 teams. We are all familiar with the heroic work our firefighters do protecting our communities. Whether it is giving us peace of mind or sav-ing the lives of others when a crisis strikes, the men and women who put on these uni-forms are unsung heroes in towns and cities all across our nation. They work long hours, day and night, to ensure that we feel safe as we go about our daily lives. The Valor Award is presented by the Great-er Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce to those who execute extreme acts of heroism in order to save the lives of others in our com-munity. The members of Fayetteville Fire De-partment Engine 3, Engine 14 and Rescue 1 teams were put to the test when a vehicle struck a gas line and a life-threating fire rap-idly progressed towards the car while a man laid unconscious inside. Because of the quick action and smart decisions made by the team, the victim was saved and taken to the hospital where he made a complete recovery. I’m ab-solutely awed by the selflessness and courage displayed by these men and women who put their lives in danger to help others on a daily basis. Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating the Fayetteville Fire Department Engine 3, En-gine 14 and Rescue 1 on receiving the Public Safety Valor Award for their courageous serv-ice to our community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF TAMINA CEMETERY AND COMMUNTITY PROJECT CDC 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize and celebrate the rich, vi-brant history and perseverant spirit of the peo-ple of the Tamina Community in the Eighth Congressional District of Texas. Tamina’s roots can be traced back to 1871, when scores of freed slaves came to work on the railroads. Under the guidance of educator R.B. Niles and businessman John Nilor, a community began to grow—marking the begin-ning of what would someday be known as one of the oldest and most historic communities in Texas. Acting as a hub for railroad workers and as a home to many of the earliest employees of Grogan’s Mill, Tamina quickly grew into a community largely defined by its resilience, di-versity, and resourcefulness. As the world around it changed, the Tamina community adapted and thrived, all while remaining true to its values and deep roots. Today, Tamina’s heritage represents a wealth of big dreams, shared values, and common goals. A portion of this heritage, in-cluding the tombs of freed slaves, Native Americans, and the community’s original set-tlers, has been preserved in the Tamina Sweet Rest Cemetery for over a century. Un-fortunately, the rains and flooding of Hurricane Harvey and years of drainage issues have jeopardized the future of this symbol of Tamina’s history. In the spirit of comradery and resolve, which this community has embodied for decades, the descendants of Tamina’s founders and its community leaders have formed the Tamina Cemetery and Community Project CDC. This group is committed to raising awareness and the money needed to fully restore and pre-serve the cemetery so that current and future residents can remember their history and the legacies of their forefathers. It is my honor to represent this remarkable community in Congress, and I am proud to recognize the residents and community lead-ers organizing in support of the Tamina Sweet Rest Cemetery. I know that I am joined by the entire Eighth Congressional District of Texas in recognizing their tireless efforts and thank-ing them for their continued dedication to pre-serving the rich heritage of the Tamina Com-munity for decades to come. f 
TRIBUTE TO CONNIE AND BOB BRUNSKILL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Connie and Bob Brunskill of Ellston, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on June 8, 1968 at the Nazareth Lutheran Church in Cedar Falls, Iowa. Connie and Bob’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Connie and Bob Brunskill on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.019 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE948 June 28, 2018 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6157) making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes: 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, today, I will vote against H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019. The legislation includes several provisions that I strongly support, including giving serv-icemen and women a well-deserved raise of 2.6 percent. Those who serve in uniform have made extraordinary sacrifices for our country and have earned and deserve a pay raise. It also includes funding for Ukraine and Eastern Europe security initiatives to counter Russia’s heightened military provocations and annex-ation of Crimea. Despite these important initiatives, I have strong concerns with H.R. 6157. This legisla-tion authorizes more than $674 billion, includ-ing $68 billion to the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund, an account which is not counted in the budget and is not paid for. It adds to the deficit and is used as a slush fund by the Pentagon. Unlike every other federal agency, the De-partment of Defense (DOD) has yet to com-plete a financial audit; taxpayers deserve to know how the biggest bureaucracy in the fed-eral government spends their money. In fact, a shocking report released in December 2016 exposed $125 billion in waste that the Pen-tagon tried to hide from the public. I refuse to support increased bureaucratic waste at the expense of American taxpayers and our men and women in uniform. A more accountable and transparent department would ensure taxpayer dollars are directed to-wards the needs of our troops and the bene-fits they deserve, rather than buying unneces-sary weapon systems and giving the president a blank check to fund wars Congress hasn’t authorized. I have always advocated for maintaining Congress’s constitutionally-confirmed preroga-tive to declare war under the War Powers Act and limiting the President’s authority to en-gage in armed conflict without the consent of Congress. I strongly oppose this legislation’s continued funding for armed conflicts and wars that are not congressionally approved. The Pentagon uses the 2001 Authorization of Use of Military Force (AUMF) to continue to justify the 17 years our troops have been fighting in the Middle East. President Trump has sent troops to Syria, Yemen, and elsewhere without seeking a new AUMF, a violation of the War Powers Act. Additionally, the bill prohibits the closing of Guantanamo Bay, which costs more than $100 million each year to house 41 prisoners and has been used as a top recruiting tool by terrorists. The prison at Guantanamo Bay has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded relationships with our allies, under-mined U.S. missions abroad, and put U.S. citi-zens and our troops at risk of retaliation. Congress can make responsible cuts to our defense budget without jeopardizing the safety of our troops or undermining our national se-curity. Fiscal responsibility and accountability at the Pentagon would allow for funds to be better spent supporting the basic needs of our troops, meeting our obligations to veterans of past wars, and ensuring our true defense needs are prioritized. f 
HONORING JULIET FRANKLIN 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Juliet Franklin on the occasion of her Bat Mitzvah and for her dedication to pub-lic service. Recent events in our nation have highlighted the social and political divide that we must all work to bridge. It is with great pride that I include in the R
ECORD the powerful words of Ms. Franklin, delivered on the day of her Bat Mitzvah. Mr. Speaker, while this speech not only calls us all to action to defend civil rights in our nation, this young lady’s words also serve as a reminder that we must work to improve our society for our children and grandchildren. 
JEWS IN THE CIVILRIGHTS MOVEMENT  (By Juliet Franklin) Good morning. Thank you for coming. My B’nei mitzvah project is about Jews in the civil rights movement. I decided to do this as my project because I am really inter-ested in history. One thing I seem to learn about over and over again in history is how certain groups of people get mistreated, and I think that is really unfair and unjust. In English class, we read Warriors Don’t Cry, a book about integration in the civil rights movement, and it made me sad and angry how African Americans were treated in our country. I began to wonder what American Jews did to participate in this movement and what beliefs caused them to do so. I de-cided to look at this for my bat mitzvah. During the 20th century, many Jews joined the African-American community in their struggle for civil rights. This is probably, in part, because certain Jewish principles are important to the idea of civil rights. The be-lief that Jews should do Tikkun Olam’, an idea from a book of rabbinic teachings called the Mishnah, says that Jews should do acts of kindness to repair the world. Another im-portant jewish concept is Tzedaka, an idea derived from the hebrew word ‘‘tzedek’’ or ‘‘justice.’’ From this principle, Jews are di-rected to give Tzedaka, meaning justice or charity to those who are in need. Finally, a central foundation in Judaism, from Leviti-cus in the Torah, is to ‘‘love your neighbor as yourself.’’ In our congregation, we believe that a neighbor does not have to be deter-mined by the person’s actual geography and that we can be loving, accepting, and sup-portive of all people. Jews have their own long history of being discriminated against and being denied rights because they were viewed as different. These experiences of discrimination led many Jews to fight for their own civil rights. It also led some Jewish people to help Afri-can Americans in their fight for equality be-cause of the belief that everyone deserves to have freedom, justice, and equality. One notable example of Jews’ involvement in trying to promote social change for Afri-can Americans was their help in the develop-ment of the NAACP. At the start of the 20th century, African Americans faced huge dis-crimination and persecution in the U.S. They were subject to lynching and other forms of mental and physical violence, often with no efforts by the government to stop it. In 1908, things reached a boiling point when two innocent African American men were lynched in Springfield, Illinois by a white mob during what became known as the Springfield riots. In the wake of these riots, the NAACP was formed in 1909, and several Jewish people are considered to be founders. For more than 100 years and still today, the NAACP works to remove barriers in racial discrimination through legal action and other democratic processes. Jewish people have also worked to improve long-standing problems with educational op-portunities for African Americans, particu-larly in the South. An especially important contributor was an American Jew named Ju-lius Rosenwald, the son of Jewish immi-grants who became the President and then Chairman of Sears, Roebuck, and Company, the equivalent of Amazon.Com today. Despite his success, social justice for Afri-can Americans became a large focus for him as he recognized that African Americans and Jewish people shared an unfortunate experi-ence of discrimination. He said ‘‘[t]he hor-rors that are due to race prejudice come home to the Jew more forcefully than to oth-ers of the white race, on account of the cen-turies of persecution which they have suf-fered and still suffer.’’ Rosenwald turned his concern into action. Between 1917 and 1948, Rosenwald contrib-uted funding for over 5,000 schools for Afri-can-American kids across the deep South. In fact, by 1928, one-third of the South’s rural black school children and teachers were served by Rosenwald Schools. Ultimately, he donated over 70 million dollars to causes to help African Americans, and if you think that sounds like a lot of money now, just imagine how much it was back then! Though Julius Rosenwald’s work did a lot of good, African Americans were still treated very unfairly in our country, and money alone was not going to fix it. During the 1950’s and 60s, many Jews continued to help blacks in the south by participating in social action. It is estimated that Jews made up about 30% of the white volunteers that took part in the civil rights movement. One way that some Jews participated was as freedom riders. Freedom riders rode inter-state buses in mixed race groups into the segregated south, in hopes to change the seg-regated buses law. Being a freedom rider was a dangerous job. Many freedom riders were kicked off buses, beaten up by segregation-ists or police, or even killed. Jews also par-ticipated in dangerous voter registration ef-forts. Rabbi Allan Levine is an amazing man who was a freedom rider and fought for civil rights. He was arrested for eating at a res-taurant with black people in Jacksonville, Mississippi. He also marched from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama to demand voting rights for African Americans, facing violent state troopers on the Edmund Pettus bridge. His son Ori Levine said of his dad, ‘‘Every time he went to the south he made sure to wear his yamakah.’’ He wanted people to know that he was a Jew who came to fight for their rights. It was important for him that everyone knew that Jews fight for the rights of weaker people.’’ Andrew Goodman and Mickey Schwerner were Jewish men from the north who trav-eled to the south to participate in civil rights actions in 1964. They worked with James Cheney, an African American, to help register African Americans to vote in Mis-sissippi with the Congress for Racial Equal-ity. While they were there, the three of them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.023 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE949 June 28, 2018 
were murdered by Ku Klux Klan members, and their dead bodies were hidden. Not until 2005, exactly 41 years after the murders to the day, was a man charged and ultimately convicted of direct involvement in the mur-ders. During this same period of time, on August 28, 1963, a man delivered a great speech dur-ing the March on Washington . . . You probably think I’m talking about Mar-tin Luther King Jr., but I’m actually not. Though Martin Luther King Jr.’s I have a dream’ speech truly was amazing, I am talk-ing about someone who is less well known— a Rabbi named Joachim Prinz—and he had an amazing speech too! Joachim Prinz was born in Berlin, Ger-many in 1902, and, at age 24, he became a rabbi. He was an unconventional rabbi who spoke out strongly against Hitler, the Nazis, and the treatment of the Jews. He was ar-rested 3 times by the Gestapo, and finally kicked out of Germany in 1937. Still, because of his warnings about the Nazis, thousands of Jews left Germany and their lives were saved. When Prinz left Germany, he came to America and spoke out against the govern-ment in Germany, as well as the US govern-ment’s policies towards African Americans. While some of the members of the congrega-tion liked those ideas, others felt the Civil Rights Movement should not be a Jewish problem. In response, Prinz stated ‘‘I would not morally say justice to the Jews without saying justice to the blacks. It is indivis-ible.’’ In 1963, he was invited to give that speech I mentioned before at the March on Wash-ington for Jobs and Freedom. He spoke about the Jews’ historic quest for freedom and jus-tice, and stated: ‘‘When I was the rabbi of the Jewish com-munity in Berlin under the Hitler regime, I learned many things. The most important thing that I learned under those tragic cir-cumstances was that bigotry and hatred are not ’the most urgent problem. The most ur-gent, the most disgraceful, the most shame-ful and the most tragic problem is silence.’ It is too bad that his speech came right be-fore Martin Luther King’s powerful I Have a Dream’ speech, because Prinz’s speech was pretty great too, and now no one remembers it! What he wanted us to remember is that the we must not be a nation of silent onlook-ers. We should take action and not ignore in-justice. Recently, I had the opportunity to interview his daughter, Deborah Prinz. My great-aunt Micki was kind enough to put me in touch with her. Ms. Prinz told me that he was very loving and determined to speak his mind even if he thought people wouldn’t agree. For example, in his synagogue, even though it wasn’t popular, he allowed girls to have bat mitzvahs, I asked her if she was in-spired by her father and she replied yes. I agree, because she created a program called the Achieve Foundation, an organization where more than 2,000 children and adult vol-unteers tutor kids who need help in school but cannot afford tutors. She is following in her father’s footsteps to make the world a better place, just like everyone else who puts their mind to it can. I have mentioned a number of famous Jew-ish men who had important roles in the civil rights movement. Now, I want to tell you about a woman, maybe not as famous, but still very important. Her name is Millie Goodman, and she is an 89–year ‘‘old Jewish, African-American woman who has been com-mitted to fighting for civil rights throughout her life. She is also a cofounder of our DC Chapter of Machar, and she was generous enough to tell me about her experiences. Growing up, she went to a Rosenwald school in the deep south. Millie started her career as a clerk and typist in Washington D.C with the federal government during the 1950s. Early on, she recognized the challenges of being an African-American woman in the government. For example, she watched white secretaries advance quickly, while African- American secretaries remained in the lower positions. One day, an office administrator stopped her and told her that he had tried to help black people but he did not think they appreciated it, and that this was why he could not take the chance to promote her. She said she ‘went blind’ with rage and threw her notes, inkwell, and paper on him, ruining his shirt. Her supervisor, a white woman from Texas, remained calm and did not let her get fired. Millie left that job and ulti-mately had a highly successful career, mov-ing from an entry level position of GS–3 to GS–15, the highest level for a career civil servant. Throughout her career, Millie volunteered with the NAACP. Having grown up in the South, she knew the role of the NAACP and participated in civil rights activities, includ-ing the 1965 march from Selma to Mont-gomery. Millie’s family worried that she would be killed during the march and leave her 14 year-old daughter, Cheryl, without a mother, but Millie believed that she had to march to make Cheryl’s life better. While Millie had been born a Southern Baptist, she decided to convert to Judaism, saying that Judaism let her be free. Millie and her husband Joe found what they were looking for in Machar, as it had social jus-tice as its foundation. Among the many things I learned from Millie, she taught me the importance of determination and com-mitment. She said ‘‘You don’t know what you can do until you do it.’’ Looking back at Millie’s life, I have realized that one person can certainly do a lot. With resilience, per-sistence, and passion, people can do whatever they put their mind to. Another personal and important part of my project this year was a trip I took with my family to Birmingham, Selma, and Mont-gomery, Alabama. In Birmingham, we went to the 16th Street Baptist Church, a site where the Ku Klux Klan placed a bomb that killed four African American little girls. There was a park across the street where many children and adults protested, and the police responded with tear gas, water hoses, and dogs. It was really sad to imagine what happened there. We saw the real cell Martin Luther King Jr. was held in at the Bir-mingham jail where he wrote the ‘‘Letter from a Birmingham Jail,’’ a very famous let-ter where he describes his belief in non-vio-lent civil action. We went to the Civil Right Voting Insti-tute and learned all of the ways that African Americans were denied the right to vote. For example, the government set up a lot of im-possible tests that African Americans had to pass, like guessing the number of bubbles on a bar of soap, the number of jelly beans or cotton balls in a jar, or writing out the en-tire constitution word for word. In Selma, we walked across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, where the police charged and beat many people during the first attempt to march from Selma to Montgomery on what is now called Bloody Sunday. In Montgomery, we learned was it was like when Rosa Parks wouldn’t move to the back of the bus. We also walked to the Capitol building, the very spot where the march from Selma ended and Martin Luther King spoke. But, though our trip was so jam-packed with those things, we made sure to have time for other things like eating good South-ern soul food, having a dip in the hotel hot tub outside in the cold air, and even escaping from an escape room with only 6 seconds left!! Despite progress, African Americans and other people of color still face civil rights challenges including discriminatory police practices, gerrymandering, voter intimida-tion at polls, and voter identification laws. But, you don’t need to be a Martin Luther King Jr., a Julius Rosenwald, or a Joachim Prinz to have an impact, and you don’t need to have a bat mitzvah project to get involved in working for civil rights for oppressed peo-ple. I first started to learn about civil rights issues through books I read for fun or for school classes. Books like the March series by Congressman John Lewis, The Lions of Little Rock, Warriors Don’t Cry, Turning 15 on the Road to Freedom, and many other books helped me learn about the experiences of others. There are great DVDs you can watch that describe the lives of important people like Julius Rosenwald and Joachim Prinz. You can also learn through visits to muse-ums and other landmarks around DC and in different states like Alabama. Second, speak up when you see discrimina-tion happening around just like Luke is doing with his No Place for Hate Club. Third, if you can find the time and get the support of your parents, look for ways to get involved through volunteering and social ac-tion. Many of you are already doing this. For example. Many of us participated in the Black Lives Matter Protest, the Women’s March, and the March Against Guns; My dad and I volunteered at a Rock-the- Vote rally for students coming into D.C. for the gun march; My friends Margaret, Luke, and I volun-teer weekly at a soup kitchen; and Rigby tu-tors a young girl whose family recently im-migrated to the US. Or, Machar’s Social Ac-tion Committee is another great resource. Finally, even if you don’t have the time to participate in social action efforts, you can follow the Jewish principle of Tzedakah to help people and groups with money. You can pressure your parents to do this! These actions, no matter how small, can make a difference in the lives and experi-ences of others and, by extension, yourself. Even though the freedom riders completed their task of integrating the busses, there is more to be done and we can all still get on-board the ride for freedom! I want to thank Norm, Heather, Rabbi Jer-emy, and Marlene for their help. I want to thank my Grandma and Steve for listening to me practice and offering advice. Of course, I want to thank my parents for all of their help with this project and taking me to Ala-bama and making me practice even when I didn’t want to. And thanks to my sister too—she played a lot of Yahtzee while I was practicing! Finally, I want to say mazel toy and thanks to Luke and Rigby for being great friends and b’nei mitzvah partners and all my friends and family like my Nana from California for coming and giving me this op-portunity to speak. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, on June 14, 2018, I was unable to be present to cast my vote on the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act (H.R. 5788). Had I been present for Roll Call No. 265, I would have voted ‘‘AYE.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.024 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE950 June 28, 2018 
I was also unable to be present to cast my vote on the THRIVE Act (H.R. 5735). Had I been present for Roll Call No. 266, I would have voted ‘‘NAY.’’ 
f 
SUBSTANCE USE-DISORDER PRE-VENTION THAT PROMOTES OPIOID RECOVERY AND TREAT-MENT FOR PATIENTS AND COM-MUNITIES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 22, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to provide for opioid use disorder prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes: 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I rise today in sup-port of the bipartisan legislation, SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act (H.R. 6). This legislation includes several provisions which would improve access to health care and treatment services for low-income and at-risk Minnesotans. In particular, I support allowing nurse practi-tioners and physician assistants to prescribe treatment for opioid use disorder, and increas-ing providers who can prescribe buprenorphine. These policies are particularly important for those living with addiction in Greater Minnesota and urban areas facing shortages or lack in treatment facilities and physicians. The legislation also includes provi-sions that ensure foster and incarcerated youth are covered under Medicaid and do not experience gaps in coverage and care. I am committed to ensuring prevention and substance use treatment programs are prop-erly funded, and all Americans have access to the services they need to live a sustainable and healthy life. We need solutions to these problems facing some of the most vulnerable Americans, and although H.R. 6 doesn’t ad-dress all the issues we face in this crisis, it is a step in the right direction. However, Con-gress must continue to fund programs to sup-port all communities impacted by the opioid epidemic. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING JON TAITANO ON BEING CHOSEN AS ONE OF THE U.S. AIR FORCE’S TWELVE OUTSTANDING AIRMEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Senior Airman Jon Taitano, a combat communications specialist and client systems technician at Andersen Air Force Base on Guam. Senior Airman Taitano was recognized this weekend as one of the U.S. Air Force’s Twelve Outstanding Airmen of the Year. Airman Taitano was nominated by his unit, the 644th Combat Communications Squadron, for his superior leadership, job performance, and personal achievements. The 644th CCS is part of the 36th Contingency Response Group in Andersen Air Force Base’s 36th Wing and is positioned to rapidly deploy combat ready Airmen and communications in support of Pa-cific Theater contingencies. Senior Airman Taitano’s work maintaining and troubleshooting classified and unclassified combat communications systems is critical to our national defense and the protection of Guam and the strategic military assets based there. I speak on behalf of the people of Guam when I say we are immensely proud to see a University of Guam graduate like Senior Airman Taitano recognized as one of the top performers in the U.S. Air Force. f 
TRIBUTE TO GARRET CALTRIDER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Garret Caltrider of West Central Valley High School. Garret was recently honored for outstanding academic achievement at the Sixteenth An-nual Governor’s Scholar Recognition on April 29, 2018. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa High School Athletic Association and the Iowa Farm Bu-reau. Each Iowa High School was invited to select a senior with the highest academic ranking. Not only are they academically gifted, but the selected students are often the youth who are successful in extra-curricular activities and community endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Garret Caltrider in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud him for uti-lizing his talents to reach his goals. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Gar-ret on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing him the best of luck in all his fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
HONORING RIGBY ZENTNER 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Rigby Zentner on the occasion of her Bat Mitzvah, and for her dedication to pub-lic service. Recent events in our nation have highlighted the need for comprehensive and compassionate immigration reform. It is with great pride that I include in the R
ECORD the powerful words of Ms. Zentner, delivered on the day of her Bat Mitzvah. As she has writ-ten, we have a moral duty to welcome those in need. Mr. Speaker, this speech should serve as a reminder that we must work to improve our society for our children and grandchildren, and that our society is truly made richer and stronger by immigrants. 
WELCOMING THE STRANGER  (Rigby Maya Zentner) ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!’’ Emma Lazarus Thank you for coming. I really appreciate everyone being here today. Over the past year I have been researching Jewish values on welcoming the stranger, and how it re-lates to immigration in the past and today. I explored lessons from the Torah; the Jew-ish experience during their migrations; and my personal experience with helping to wel-come a newcomer to America. At the time I was choosing my Bat Mitz-vah topic, there was a political uproar about immigration. The Trump Administration was working to: Limit the rights of immigrants in the US Put a travel ban on Muslim countries, and Build a wall on the Mexican border. I couldn’t believe this was happening in our homeland and my core values and beliefs led me to want to do more research on how people are treated and welcomed in this country. I also wanted to find a way to help a stranger to America adjust to life in the United States. All of us in this room have been a stranger before, whether it was being new to a coun-try, school or activity. We all know what it is like when you are someplace where every-body knows each other and you don’t know any of them and, most importantly, we all know how we would like to be treated and welcomed in those situations. I am fortunate because I have almost al-ways been surrounded by my friends and family. The times in my life when I have felt like a stranger are nothing compared to what some people have gone through in their lives as immigrants or refugees . . . but even some of my experiences have made me feel nervous and afraid. For example, there was a time when my family and I used to go to my neighbors Super Bowl parties. My neighbor, who was around my age, would invite all her friends to the party as well. I only knew my neigh-bor and one of her friends. I would try to get myself included but it was really hard be-cause all of them knew each other and went to the same school so they would talk about things that were happening at their school, or play games I didn’t know how to play. They were not trying to be mean and I doubt the even noticed, but I felt really excluded and upset. After this experience I tried imag-ining what it would have been like to come to a new country and not know anybody or speak a different language, and I couldn’t. To get started on my research, and because this is my Bat Mitzvah, I wanted to explore my jewish culture. I decided to understand what the Torah, The five books of Moses, says about how to treat foreigners. I know that it is important to explore our history and culture because it shapes our morals and values. My research led me to believe that Jewish people have welcomed foreigners with open arms. The Torah gives instructions on how to welcome strangers as many as 36 times. Exodus 22:20 says ‘‘you shall not wrong nor oppress a stranger, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.’’ In other words, since Jews have been strangers we should feel em-pathy toward others and not harm them. Leviticus 19:33–34 tells us, ‘‘When strangers reside with you in your land, you shall not wrong them. The strangers who reside with you shall be to you as your citizens; you shall love each one as yourself, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.’’ Nevertheless, as I learned more about the history of these original Torah passages, it became clear that not everybody interpreted the Torah in this way. Rabbi Jeremy told me that in these verses the Hebrew word ger is used, which can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.026 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE951 June 28, 2018 
translate to ‘‘immigrant’’ OR ‘‘convert’’. In the middle ages Rabbis interpreted ger as convert, so the Torah might be saying that you should treat converts to Judaism nicely INSTEAD of saying that Jews should treat all strangers well. Because today the messages of the Torah are not always clear, I prefer to assume that my religion is instructing me to be kind to ALL strangers, and not just to Jews. It is important to always review our history and reflect on our actions so that we can learn from our mistakes. In the past, Jews were not always wel-comed to new communities in a kind way. And, it is this history that influenced Jewish culture and our ethics on welcoming strang-ers and helping others. Around the world the treatment of Jews was frequently terrible. For example. . . In Spain, in 1492, the inquisition forced Jews to convert or be killed; In 1508 German people were allowed to con-fiscate and destroy all Jewish books In 1547 Jews weren’t allowed to live in Rus-sia at all; In France, in 1615, King Louis XIII declared that all Jews had to leave or be killed; Between 1622 and 1629 Persian Jews were forced to convert to Islam In 1654 Jews were expelled from Brazil. The treatment of Jews became so bad, that, in 1848, a German newspaper said that killing a Jew should be treated as a mis-demeanor instead of a serious crime. In the early 1900s there were Pogroms in Russia where they rounded up all the Jews and either killed them, beat them, and made them leave. My great great grandfather fled these Pogroms and spent 7 years traveling across China and Asia Koshering meat for Jewish communities. When he finally got to America he sent for the rest of his family, including my great grandma, Yetta Green-berg. America is known as a country of immi-grants. Today, according to the Pew Re-search Center, the U.S. has more immigrants than any other country in the world. In the past 25 years, the U.S. immigrant population doubled from 23 million to 46 million foreign born people. Our country hasn’t always been perfect, and our current situation is very up-setting, but America has a pretty great cul-ture around letting in strangers and being welcoming to everybody. Nevertheless, it is more complicated than that. Jews came to America to escape the harsh treatment they received in Europe, Russia, Brazil and other places, in hopes that their lives would improve. Some things were bet-ter when they arrived, but it wasn’t perfect. Books, school, and, yes, even schoolhouse rock, taught me that American is the land of opportunity and in most instances it is . . . but not always. In 1654, the first Jews arrived in America from Recife, Brazil to what is now New York City. Initially, some parts of America tolerated different religions, but other places didn’t. For example, for years Jews were banned from living in places like Massachusetts, Connecticut and New Hampshire. Further-more, Jewish tradition made it hard to live in the colonies. There were laws against working on Sunday, the Christian Sabbath, so if Jews didn’t work on Saturdays, the Jewish Sabbath, they could only work a five day week, making it harder for them to sup-port their families. In spite of these challenges, the early Jew-ish settlers to America were more able to worship freely and generally had more rights than they did in Europe. And, with the First Amendment protecting religion and free speech, America became one for the safest places in the world for Jews to settle. Still, as I looked closer back in our history I found the treatment of immigrants and ref-ugees in America to be inconsistent. One of our best presidents, Franklin D. Roosevelt, made a terrible decision about Jewish refu-gees. During the Holocaust when many Jews needed a safe place, FDR and Congress turned them away. Congress turned down a bill that would have allowed 20,000 Jewish children from Germany to find safe haven in the U.S. Furthermore, when a ship with about 1,000 Jewish people trying to escape persecution tried to enter the United States it was turned away. After the ship was turned away TWICE it sailed back to Europe where many of the Jews were caught and sent to Nazi concentration camps. Unfortunately, today we are experiencing a lot of anti-immigrant feelings. President Trump and his administration have repeat-edly tried to place a travel ban on immi-grants from several Muslim-majority coun-tries. Additionally, the Trump Administration is also trying to cancel DACA, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, which will directly impact about 690,000 people. The Trump administration has started sep-arating parents from children to try to make people not want to immigrate illegally. One example of this comes from an El Salvadoran family whose father fled to America to es-cape gang violence. After the Dad left, the gang tried to kill his 16 year-old son. So the Mom took the 16 year old, as well as her 3 year old son and 11 year old daughter across the border into America where she thought they would be safe. They were caught and her kids were taken from her and placed in foster care while the mother went through a trial to consider her application for refuge. The kids spent months in foster where they weren’t even allowed to hug each other. How is it acceptable for our country to punish a 3 year old by separating him from his Mom and family—for any reason—is beyond me. Many Americans believe that immigrants come and take jobs and resources and bring crime and other evils. When I first learned about immigrants, I thought that most bare-ly spoke English, worked at fast food res-taurants, and lived in tiny one bedroom apartments. These beliefs including my own early impressions-are based on inaccurate stereotypes. In fact, America needs immigrants. They help our economy; they are often job-makers and entrepreneurs, taxpayers and consumers. ‘‘Compared with all Americans, U.S.-born children of immigrants are more likely to go to college, less likely to live in poverty, and equally likely to be homeowners.’’ Furthennore, immigrant-headed households who are close to the poverty line rely less on government help than U.S.-headed house-holds in the same position. The facts are clear-it is simply not true that most immigrants come over to America and sit around doing no work and relying on the social safety net. Moreover, many undocumented immi-grants in America are here because they are fleeing severe economic hardship, violence, or persecution. Because Jews have often been in a similar situation of fleeing to safety, I believe that we in particular need to wel-come these strangers. Given the Jewish expe-rience through the ages, and notably the Holocaust, the current situation in Syria should be especially meaningful to Jews. We watch what is happening in Syria where hundreds of thousands of children and families have died since the start of the Syr-ian War. Yet, in the first three months of 2018, the U.S.-the richest, most powerful, greatest country in the world-has accepted only 11 Syrian refugees. You heard right–11 Syrian refugees in three months. This is un-believable and I am speechless to as how our government is responding to this tragedy. Still, there is room for hope. Individuals around the country are working tirelessly to assist Syrian refugees I am proud to say that my Machar congregation and people like Hannah in my B’Nei Mitzvah class, are work-ing to help Syrian refugees in the U.S. f 
REMEMBERING MAJOR CHRISTOPHER T. ZANETIS 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 28, 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to honor the life of a true American hero, Major Chris-topher ‘‘Tripp’’ Zanetis who gave his country the last full measure of devotion. On March 15, 2018, Major Zanetis and six other Amer-ican soldiers were killed when their helicopter crashed during a mission in Iraq. Major Zanetis served with the 106th Rescue Wing, New York Air National Guard and was de-ployed in support of Operation Inherent Re-solve in Iraq. I, along with all Americans, stand in eternal gratitude for the dedication, service and sacrifice of this young man. As we cele-brate our nation’s 242nd birthday and our free-doms on July 4th I would like to take a mo-ment to honor and recognize the service of Major Zanetis who gave his life to protect the liberties Americans hold dear. A native of Carmel, Indiana, Tripp graduated from Carmel High School in 1999, where he was on the Greyhounds’ diving team and a member of the Ambassador’s show choir. His education led him to New York City, where he received a Bachelor of Arts in Politics from New York University and graduated cum laude. Tripp quickly stood out as a leader serving on the student senate and as Presi-dent of the student body. He was also a mem-ber of the NYU swimming and diving team. On September 11, 2001, Tripp was living three blocks from the World Trade Center. In the midst of the terrorist attacks, Tripp volun-teered at Ground Zero helping first responders aid victims. Tripp stayed at Ground Zero for hours assisting with the response. His experi-ence on 9/11 inspired him to join the New York City Fire Department in 2004, where he ultimately became a Fire Marshal and was as-signed to the Bureau of Fire Investigation’s Citywide South in Brooklyn. In 2014, Tripp re-ceived a commendation for bravery for his role in the investigative unit. Tripp joined the Air National Guard in 2008 and trained to fly the Air Force’s combat search and rescue helicopter—the HH60G PaveHawk. He was later deployed to Afghani-stan and Iraq in 2011 and 2012 with Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation New Dawn. During his service with the Air National Guard, he flew search and rescue helicopters with the 106th Rescue Wing. Tripp received the Meri-torious Service Medal and five Air Medals for combat missions. While still on active duty, Tripp enrolled at Stanford Law School. There, he served as co-president of the Stanford Law Veterans organization, co-produced the Stan-ford Law musical, and facilitated Stanford Law’s inaugural OutLaw Conference on LGBTQ Advocacy in the workplace. Tripp was also a member of both the International Ref-ugee Assistance Project and the Stanford 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.030 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE952 June 28, 2018 
Journal of International Law. He graduated with pro bono distinction in 2017. His many awards are a testament to the ex-ceptional character of this incredibly talented, compassionate, and immensely brave young man. A true public servant, Tripp continued striving for success beyond the combat field and advocated for LGBTQ and human rights. Tripp strived to make a difference, taking an internship with the Office of Legal Affairs at NATO Headquarters in Brussels. He was also a participant of the Stanford International Human Rights Conflict Resolution Clinic and was awarded the National LGBT Bar Associa-tion’s Student Leadership Award. Major Zanetis will forever be remembered as an extraordinary individual who gave his life defending the freedoms that we so cher-ish. Tripp came from a family of true patriots, following the example set by his maternal and paternal grandfathers who were both World War II veterans. Major Zanetis is survived by his parents, Sarah and John Zanetis; sisters, Angela and Britt Zanetis; nephew, Beau Zanetis; grandmother, Joyce Galbreath; nu-merous loving Aunts and Uncles; and his boy-friend, Jean Pouget-Abadie. Tripp also leaves behind his beloved Malinois, Nyx. I extend my deepest condolences to Tripp’s family and friends who mourn his loss. On a day we gather together to honor our independence, may we remember the sacrifices made by pa-triots like Major Zanetis who so selflessly de-fend our rights and freedoms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JN8.032 E28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D754 Thursday, June 28, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4689–S4821 Measures Introduced: Thirty bills and eleven reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3153–3182, and S. Res. 558–568.
                                      Pages S4733–35 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–288) S. 3158, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–289) S. 3159, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–290) H.R. 3776, to support United States international cyber diplomacy, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2779, to amend the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. S. 3153, to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of the United States Gov-ernment, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System.
                                                             Page S4731 
Measures Passed: KIWI Act: Committee on the Judiciary was dis-charged from further consideration of S. 2245, to in-clude New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                     Pages S4700–01 
Agriculture and Nutrition Act: By 86 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. 143), Senate passed H.R. 2, to pro-vide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, by the order of the Senate of Thursday, June 28, 2018, 60 Senators hav-ing voted in the affirmative, and after taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:                                                                            Page S4709 
Adopted: Roberts (for Isakson) Amendment No. 3348 (to Amendment No. 3224), to modify the provision re-lating to economic adjustment assistance for upland cotton users, to provide payments for losses relating to peach and blueberry crops, and the strike the pro-vision relating to the use of the Commodity Credit Corporation.
                                                          Pages S4713–14 
Roberts (for Wyden) Amendment No. 3346 (to Amendment No. 3224), to provide that research ex-tension grants may be made for the purposes of re-searching hop plant health.
                          Pages S4713–14 
Roberts (for Enzi/Wyden) Amendment No. 3181 (to Amendment No. 3224), to improve the Rural Energy for America Program.
                     Pages S4713–14 
Roberts (for King/Collins) Amendment No. 3221 (to Amendment No. 3224), to provide for a report on funding for the National Institute of Food and Agriculture and other extension programs. 
                                                                                    Pages S4713–14 
Roberts (for Gillibrand/Toomey) Amendment No. 3390 (to Amendment No. 3224), to prohibit the slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption. 
                                                                                    Pages S4713–14 
Roberts (for Heinrich/Udall) Amendment No. 3287 (to Amendment No. 3224), to modify the study of marketplace fraud of traditional foods. 
                                                                                    Pages S4713–14 
Roberts (for Rubio) Amendment No. 3364 (to Amendment No. 3224), to prohibit the use of funds to carry out programs in Cuba in contravention of the National Security Presidential Memorandum pro-hibiting transactions with entities owned, controlled, or operated by or on behalf of military intelligence or security services of Cuba.
                         Pages S4713–14 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN8.REC D28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D755 June 28, 2018 
Roberts (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 3303 (to Amendment No. 3224), to ensure that the Secretary of Agriculture enforces certain Buy American re-quirements with respect to fish harvested with United States waters.
                                       Pages S4713–15 
Roberts (for Hirono) Amendment No. 3321 (to Amendment No. 3224), to provide additional assist-ance under the non-insured crop assistance program for certain producers.
                                       Pages S4713–15 
Roberts (for Cortez Masto/Portman) Amendment No. 3388 (to Amendment No. 3224), to establish the Council on Rural Community Innovation and Economic Development.
                                Pages S4713–15 
Roberts (for Durbin) Amendment No. 3389 (to Amendment No. 3224), to reauthorize the rural emergency medical services training and equipment assistance program under section 330J of the Public Health Service Act.
                                           Pages S4713–15 
Roberts (for Brown) Amendment No. 3323 (to Amendment No. 3224), to add a provision relating to extension and agricultural research at 1890 land- grant colleges.
                                                     Pages S4713–16 
Roberts (for Cantwell/Murkowski) Amendment No. 3365 (to Amendment No. 3224), to avert the waiving of liability for a utility whose line clearing work ignites a wildfire.
                     Pages S4713–14, S4716 
Roberts (for Moran) Amendment No. 3171 (to Amendment No. 3224), to include a provision on requirements for the calculation of a separate actual crop revenue and agriculture risk coverage guarantee for irrigated and nonirrigated covered commodities. 
                                                                      Pages S4713–14, S4716 
Roberts (for Thune/Brown) Amendment No. 3371 (to Amendment No. 3224), to provide that pro-ducers may change their election to participate in agriculture risk coverage or price loss coverage in the 2021 crop year.
                                     Pages S4713–14, S4716 
McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 3134 (to Amendment No. 3224), to modify conservation re-serve program provisions.
                       Pages S4714, S4716 
Roberts Amendment No. 3224, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Pages S4714, S4716–17 
Rejected: Kennedy Amendment No. 3383 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 3224), to provide for certain work requirements for able- bodied adults without dependents and to require State agencies to operate a work activation program for eligible participants in the supplemental nutri-tion assistance program. (By 68 yeas to 30 nays (Vote No. 141), Senate tabled the amendment.) 
                                                                                    Pages S4707–09 
By 38 yeas to 57 nays (Vote No. 142), Roberts (for Lee) Amendment No. 3074 (to Amendment No. 3224), to prohibit certain practices relating to cer-tain commodity promotion programs and require greater transparency by those programs. (A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirma-tive votes, was not agreed to.)             Pages S4714, S4716 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to invoke cloture on Roberts Amendment No. 3224 (listed above), be withdrawn. 
                                                                                            Page S4714 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, be withdrawn.
                                                     Pages S4713–14 
Pesticide Registration Improvement Extension Act: Senate passed H.R. 1029, to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to im-prove pesticide registration and other activities under the Act, to extend and modify fee authorities, after agreeing to the committee amendments, and the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                             Pages S4771–S4807 
McConnell (for Udall) Amendment No. 3392, of a perfecting nature.
                                                   Page S4807 
Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office: Senate passed S. 2549, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’.
                   Page S4807 
Stanley Michels Post Office Building: Senate passed S. 2692, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broad-way in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’.
                  Pages S4807–08 
Marvin Gaye Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 1496, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Ave-nue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’.
                                                                 Page S4808 
Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 2673, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’.
      Page S4808 
U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Of-fice: Senate passed H.R. 3183, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Vir-ginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’.
                                                Page S4808 
J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 4301, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’.
        Page S4808 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN8.REC D28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD756 June 28, 2018 
Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 4406, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’.
                           Page S4808 
Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office: Senate passed H.R. 4463, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’.
                                                                 Page S4808 
Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’.
                                                                     Page S4808 
Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Of-fice Building: Senate passed H.R. 4646, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’.
                                     Page S4808 
First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Of-fice: Senate passed H.R. 4685, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’. 
                                                                                            Page S4808 
Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building: Sen-ate passed H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’.
                         Page S4808 
Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building: Senate passed H.R. 4840, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’.
                               Page S4808 
American Homebrewers Association 40th Anni-versary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 567, celebrating the 40th anniversary of the American Homebrewers Association.
                                                                   Page S4808 
Great Outdoors Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 568, designating June 2018 as ‘‘Great Outdoors Month’’.
                                                                          Page S4808 
Hydropower Approvals: Senate passed S. 724, to amend the Federal Power Act to modernize author-izations for necessary hydropower approvals, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S4809 McConnell Amendment No. 3391, to include a provision relating to the payment of annual charges. 
                                                                                    Pages S4808–09 
Swan Lake Hydroelectric Project Boundary Cor-rection Act: Senate passed H.R. 219, to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska.
                                                           Page S4809 
Hydroelectric Project Expansion: Senate passed H.R. 220, to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project.
                                               Page S4809 
Mahoney Lake Hydroelectric Project: Senate passed S. 215, to authorize the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska. 
                                                                                            Page S4809 
Gibson Dam Hydroelectric Project: Senate passed S. 490, to reinstate and extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S4809 
Cannonsville Dam Project: Senate passed H.R. 2292, to extend a project of the Federal Energy Reg-ulatory Commission involving the Cannonsville Dam.
                                                                                Page S4809 
Hydroelectric Project Deadline Extension: Senate passed H.R. 951, to extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. 
                                                                                            Page S4810 
Hydroelectric Project Deadline Extension: Senate passed H.R. 446, to extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. 
                                                                                            Page S4810 
Hydroelectric Project Deadline Extension: Senate passed H.R. 447, to extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. 
                                                                                            Page S4810 
Jennings Randolph Dam Hydroelectric Project: Senate passed H.R. 2122, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hy-droelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam.
                                                                                Page S4810 
Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act: Senate passed H.R. 5956, to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.
                            Page S4810 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN8.REC D28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D757 June 28, 2018 
Marrakesh Treaty Implementation Act: Senate passed S. 2559, to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty. 
                                                                                    Pages S4810–11 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, June 29, 2018 at 8:30 a.m.; Tuesday, July 3, 2018 at 9 a.m.; Thursday, July 5, 2018 at 1 p.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, July 5, 2018, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, July 9, 2018.
              Page S4811 
Treaty Approved: The following treaty having passed through its various parliamentary stages, up to and including the presentation of the resolution of ratification, upon division, two-thirds of the Sen-ators present having voted in the affirmative, the res-olution of ratification was agreed to: Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Im-paired, or Otherwise Print Disabled (Treaty Doc. 114–6) as amended.
                                                 Page S4721 
Bennett Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Mark Jeremy Ben-nett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit.
                                             Page S4720 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, June 28, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, July 9, 2018.
                                                                                Page S4720 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S4720 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the nomi-nation at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, July 9, 2018; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the cloture motions filed on Thursday, June 28, 2018 ripen at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, July 9, 2018.
                                                                          Page S4811 
Benczkowski Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attor-ney General, Department of Justice.
               Page S4720 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Ha-waii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit.                                                             Page S4720 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S4720 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S4720 
Ney Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consider-ation of the nomination of Paul C. Ney, Jr., of Ten-nessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Defense.
                                                                          Page S4720 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, De-partment of Justice.
                                                  Page S4720 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S4720 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S4720 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Interior. Robin S. Bernstein, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Dominican Republic. Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (African Affairs). Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambas-sador. Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Korea. Ronald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Belgium. Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Zimbabwe. 9 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 76 Army nominations in the rank of general. 8 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 19 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, Marine Corps, and Navy.
             Pages S4818–21 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN8.REC D28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD758 June 28, 2018 
Alan Ray Shaffer, of Virginia, to be Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. Michael T. Harvey, of Texas, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S4811–18 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4729 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4729 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S4729 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4729–30 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S4730–31 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S4731–33 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4735–37 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4737–41 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4726–29 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4747–71 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4771 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4771 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—143)
                                           Pages S4709, S4716–17 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 7:37 p.m., until 8:30 a.m. on Friday, June 29, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4811.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill (S. 3158) making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019; and An original bill (S. 3159) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 2,737 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine legisla-tive proposals to examine corporate governance, in-cluding S. 2756, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to direct the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion to revise the regulations of the Commission re-garding the qualifications of natural persons as ac-credited investors, S. 1744, to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend certain regula-tions, S. 2499, to require the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority to establish a relief fund to provide investors with the full value of unpaid arbi-tration awards issued against brokerage firms or bro-kers regulated by the Authority, S. 536, to promote transparency in the oversight of cybersecurity risks at publicly traded companies, S. 3004, to amend the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to exclude privately held, non-custody brokers and dealers that are in good standing from certain requirements under title I of that Act, and H.R. 4015, to improve the qual-ity of proxy advisory firms for the protection of in-vestors and the U.S. economy, and in the public in-terest, by fostering accountability, transparency, re-sponsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry, after receiving testimony from Thom-as Quaadman, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and Damon A. Silvers, AFL–CIO, both of Washington, D.C.; Darla C. Stuckey, Society for Corporate Gov-ernance, London, United Kingdom; and John C. Coates IV, Harvard Law School, Cambridge, Massa-chusetts. NOMINATION Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commissioner of Internal Revenue, Department of the Treasury, after the nominee testi-fied and answered questions in his own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Jeffrey Kessler, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Family Support, Department of Health and Human Services, and Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Patrick J. Urda, of Indiana, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Randy W. Berry, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, and Alaina B. Teplitz, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN8.REC D28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D759 June 28, 2018 
Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensa-tion as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives, who were both introduced by Senator Gardner, and Donald Lu, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic, all of the Department of State. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2823, to modernize copyright law, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nominations of Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of In-diana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Lance E. Walker, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine, and John D. Jordan, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri, Nick Willard, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Hampshire, and Mark F. Sloke, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Alabama, all of the Department of Justice. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 40 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6259–6298, and 9 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 126–127 and H. Res. 972–978, were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H5973–76 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5977–78 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 6258, making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–792); H.R. 5174, to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act with respect to functions assigned to Assistant Secretaries, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–793); H.R. 5239, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a voluntary Cyber Sense program to iden-tify and promote cyber-secure products intended for use in the bulk-power system, and for other pur-poses, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–794); H.R. 5240, to provide for certain programs and developments in the Department of Energy con-cerning the cybersecurity and vulnerabilities of, and physical threats to, the electric grid, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–795); H.R. 3500, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Inter-nal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–796); and H. Res. 928, resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the President’s use of the pardon power under article II, section 2 of the Constitution, with an amendment; adversely (H. Rept. 115–797).                                                Page H5973 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Curbelo (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5819 
Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act, 2019—Motion to go to Con-ference: The House agreed by unanimous consent to disagree to the Senate amendment and request a con-ference on H.R. 5895, making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. 
                                                                                            Page H5826 
Later, the Chair appointed the following conferees: Representatives Frelinghuysen, Simpson, Carter of Texas, Calvert, Fortenberry, Fleischmann, Herrera Beutler, Taylor, Lowey, Kaptur, Visclosky, Ryan of Ohio, and Wasserman Schultz.
                          Page H5827 
Insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the subpoena issued by the Com-mittee on the Judiciary relating to potential vio-lations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by personnel of the Department of Justice and related matters: The House agreed to H. Res. 970, insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the subpoena issued by the Committee on the Judi-ciary relating to potential violations of the Foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN8.REC D28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD760 June 28, 2018 
Intelligence Surveillance Act by personnel of the De-partment of Justice and related matters, by a yea- and-nay vote of 226 yeas to 183 nays with one an-swering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 306.
                     Page H5846 
H. Res. 971, the rule providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 970) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 224 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 305, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 224 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 304.
                                                                          Pages H5825–26 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019: The House passed H.R. 6157, making appro-priations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, by a yea-and-nay vote of 359 yeas to 49 nays, Roll No. 313. 
                                                                                    Pages H5851–52 
Rejected the Ted Lieu (CA) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 224 noes, Roll No. 312).
    Pages H5850–51 
Agreed to: Clark (MA) amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that was debated on June 27th that reduces and then increases the defense-wide research, development, test and evaluation account by $14.364 million with the intent of supporting DOD innovation (by a recorded vote of 252 ayes to 157 noes, Roll No. 309).
                                        Pages H5848–49 
Rejected: Gallagher amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that was debated on June 27th that sought to increase funding for Navy AIM–120D missile procurement by $23.8M to help meet Indo- PACOM required critical capabilities and match the House-passed authorization in the FY 2019 NDAA, while reducing defense-wide operation and mainte-nance by the same amount (by a recorded vote of 116 ayes to 296 noes, Roll No. 307);
    Pages H5846–47 
Gallagher amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that was debated on June 27th that sought to increase funding for Air Force AIM–120D missile procurement by $33M to help meet Indo- PACOM required critical capabilities and match the House-passed authorization in the FY 2019 NDAA, while reducing defense-wide operation and mainte-nance by the same amount (by a recorded vote of 115 ayes to 296 noes, Roll No. 308);
    Pages H5846–48 
Foster amendment (No. 24 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that was debated on June 27th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to develop a space-based ballistic missile intercept layer (by a re-corded vote of 160 ayes to 251 noes, Roll No. 310); and
                                                                                    Page H5849 
Courtney amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that was debated on June 27th that sought to provide funding for long lead time mate-rials to construct additional Virginia-class sub-marines in FY 2022 and FY 2023 (by a recorded vote of 144 ayes to 267 noes, Roll No. 311).                                                                                     Pages H5849–50 
H. Res. 964, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) was agreed to yes-terday, June 27th. Amending title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the authority to issue regulations regarding certifications and other criteria appli-cable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 6160, to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the authority to issue regula-tions regarding certifications and other criteria appli-cable to legislative branch employees under Wound-ed Warriors Federal Leave Act.
                  Pages H5852–53 
Providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S.J. Res. 60, providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution.
             Page H5853 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture—Communication: Read a letter from Chair-man Shuster wherein he transmitted copies of twenty resolutions that include 13 alteration projects, two construction projects, two acquisitions, two leases, and one design for alteration included in the General Services Administration’s Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. The resolutions were adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on June 27, 2018.
                                      Pages H5853–H5966 
Clerk to Correct Engrossment: Agreed by unani-mous consent that in the engrossment of H.R. 6157, the Clerk be authorized to make technical correc-tions and conforming changes to the bill including inserting amendment number 1 printed in House Report 115–785 at the end of the bill.
         Page H5967 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and seven recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H5825–26, H5826, H5846, H5847, H5847–48, H5848, H5849, H5849–50, H5851, and H5851–52. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:44 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN8.REC D28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D761 June 28, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
ARMY AND MARINE CORPS DEPOT POLICY ISSUES AND INFRASTRUCTURE CONCERNS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Army and Marine Corps Depot Policy Issues and Infrastructure Con-cerns’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant Gen-eral Aundre Piggee, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–4, U.S. Army; and Brigadier General Joseph Shrader, Commanding General, Marine Corps Logistics Com-mand, U.S. Marine Corps. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 256, expressing support for the countries of Eastern Europe and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; H. Res. 944, expressing soli-darity with and sympathy for the people of Guate-mala after the June 3, 2018, eruption of the Fuego Volcano; H.R. 1697, the ‘‘Israel Anti-Boycott Act’’; H.R. 4969, the ‘‘Improving Embassy Design and Se-curity Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5576, the ‘‘Cyber Deter-rence and Response Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5898, the ‘‘UNRWA Accountability Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6197, the ‘‘Rescuing Animals With Rewards Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6207, the ‘‘Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act of 2018’’; and H. Con. Res. 20, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the execution-style mur-ders of United States citizens Ylli, Agron, and Mehmet Bytyqi in the Republic of Serbia in July 1999. H. Res. 256, H. Res. 944, H.R. 1697, H.R. 4969, H.R. 5576, H.R. 5898, and H.R. 6207 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 6197 and H. Con. Res. 20 were ordered reported, without amend-ment. OVERSIGHT OF FBI AND DOJ ACTIONS SURROUNDING THE 2016 ELECTION Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of FBI and DOJ Actions Surrounding the 2016 Election’’. Testimony was heard from Rod J. Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General, Department of Justice; and Christopher Wray, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigations. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 6237, the ‘‘Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019’’; and to Call to the At-tention of the House, pursuant to Committee Rule 14(i), the Classified Annex accompanying the ‘‘Mat-thew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019’’. H.R. 6237 was or-dered reported, as amended. This meeting was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Sep 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\D28JN8.REC D28JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD762 June 28, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 8:30 a.m., Friday, June 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, June 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 9 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E950 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E947 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E951 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E943 Chabot, Steve, Ohio, E939 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E948 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E942, E944, E945, E948, E950 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E950 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E939 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E944 Himes, James A., Conn., E949 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E940, E944, E947 Hurd, Will, Tex., E941 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E941, E945 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E939, E940 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E945 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E943 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E939 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E941, E941 Shimkus, John, Ill., E945 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E942, E943 Smith, Jason, Mo., E939 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E942 Young, David, Iowa, E940, E941, E943, E945, E947, E950 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:44 Jun 29, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28JN8.REC D28JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST